Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1725 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 2015 No. 46 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARDY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 18, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C RESENT  
HARDY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
GAZA’S WATER SHORTAGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
amidst the troubling picture coming out of the Israeli elections, there was some good news from the Middle East for a change. The Israeli Government announced that it would double the amount of water it sells to Gaza from 5 million to 10 million cubic meters an-nually. This is positive momentum we must build upon because, while it is an important step, the quantity is insuffi-cient to prevent a humanitarian dis-
aster looming for Gaza and the region. 
The tunnels that were dug by Hamas 
from Gaza into Israel were not the only things underground that should gen-erate public concern. Without rapid ac-tion, the drinking water beneath Gaza, or the lack thereof, poses a threat to the region that is as severe or worse than Hamas’ tunnels. That is because the coastal aquifer, the only source of drinking water for 1.8 million Gazans, is near collapse, as soon as 2016. 
Like the cities of Los Angeles or Tel 
Aviv, Gaza cannot currently meet its water needs from within its bound-aries. That dynamic is compounded by the fact that Gaza’s population is rap-idly increasing and now consumes three times the amount of water that 
is naturally replenished from rain-water. 
The massive amount of water with-
drawn from the aquifer over the last several decades has allowed salty Medi-terranean seawater to contaminate the drinking water at an ever-increasing rate. A 2012 United Nations report said that 90 percent of the coastal aquifer salinity levels were too great for drink-ing purposes. Today that figure is 95 percent. By the end of 2016, the entire aquifer will be unfit for human con-sumption. And unless action is taken, by 2020, that damage will be irrevers-ible. 
To make matters worse, Gaza does 
not have large and modern sewage treatment plants and operations. The sewage from 1.8 million Gazans further pollutes the groundwater and risks the outbreak of pandemic diseases like cholera and typhoid. Sewage remains untreated as 90,000 cubic meters of raw sewage, flows into the Mediterranean every day. 
Israeli intelligence knew about and 
warned about Hamas’ tunnels long be-fore they were used, but Israeli politi-cians chose not to take their counsel. 
Environmental and water experts 
have been warning for many years about the imminent collapse of Gaza’s 
coastal aquifer, but too many politi-cians everywhere have failed to re-spond. 
While we don’t want to minimize 
Israel’s important move to authorize additional water into Gaza, we shouldn’t overstate its impact in avert-ing the region’s looming water crisis. 
What is going to happen if thousands 
of Gazans actually rush to the fences, trying to get to Egypt or Israel for water? What happens if the water crisis broadens the appeal of Hamas’ malice in Gaza? 
Look at the recent history in Syria, 
where the collapse of civil order and the civil war was precipitated by per-sistent drought that drove people from the countryside into the city. Such dire outcomes in Gaza could be avoided if additional and immediate long-term measures were employed. 
Based on the existing infrastructure, 
Israel has the potential to double— overnight—the quantity of water sup-plied to Gaza. A wastewater treatment plant recently built under the manage-ment of the World Bank in Gaza could reduce by a third the amount of un-treated wastewater that pollutes both the groundwater and the beaches of Israel and Gaza. 
It is clearly in Israel’s interest to fa-
cilitate the private-public partnerships that lead to greater energy independ-ence and assist the Palestinian Water Authority. 
Strengthening the Palestinian Au-
thority by increasing the flow of water into Gaza and dealing with the sanita-tion crisis weakens Hamas and high-lights their inability to provide public services. 
Last night’s election was deeply 
troubling for the future of Israeli poli-tics and a two-state solution, long the policy of the United States and, until recently, the leadership of Israel. 
But taking action on water and sani-
tation is a small, critical, important 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1726 March 18, 2015 
step that everyone can support and will 
benefit Israelis and Palestinians alike. I hope this will be an important focus for those of us in Congress as we look at our aid packages going forward. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF WYNONA 
HAYDON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in remembrance of Wynona Haydon, a beloved woman who recently passed away into the loving arms of our Lord. 
Wynona married Julian Woodrow 
Haydon after graduating from high school, and then she began her career as an assistant with the Department of Defense. Throughout her 36-year ca-reer, she held positions at the Pen-tagon and at Military Ocean Terminal Sunny Point in North Carolina. There, she met General James Doolittle, Gen-eral Omar Bradley, and General Dwight D. Eisenhower. She helped usher in the postwar era, alongside many other military officers and personnel. 
Mr. Speaker, Wynona was proud to be 
an American, and she was equally proud of being a North Carolinian. 
Someone once said of Wynona that 
she was ‘‘made of the stuff that makes life worth living.’’ Though known only by those lucky enough to come within her orbit, Wynona lived a life of hon-esty and hard work, and instilled those traits in her son, her grandson, and her many nieces and nephews. 
She was a loving and successful 
mother and grandmother, a smiling joy and inspiration to her friends and those who came in contact with her. In short, Wynona Haydon lived a long and con-tributing life which brightened the lives of many others, including mine. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
her family and the members of Temple Baptist Church, who are mourning the loss of a beloved woman. 
f 
REPUBLICANS DECLARE WAR ON 
POOR WORKING FAMILIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, with 
the release of yesterday’s budget, it is official: Republicans have declared war on poor working families in this coun-try. I am deeply disappointed, but I can’t say that I am all that surprised. 
Yesterday’s House budget once again 
slashes safety net programs that pro-vide critical assistance to low- and middle-income families while offering big tax breaks to the superwealthy. I have seen this movie before. I didn’t like it the first time, and I sure don’t like it now. 
Following in the footsteps of the re-
cent Ryan budgets, Chairman P
RICE’s 
budget guts the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program, or SNAP, the 
Nation’s premier antihunger program. Like Republican budgets of past years, this year’s budget converts SNAP into a block grant for States. 
Mr. Speaker, this would end SNAP as 
we know it. Previous estimates of the impact of block granting SNAP show that it will result in about $130 billion in cuts to the program. A cut of that magnitude to SNAP would have serious harmful consequences to the 46 million Americans who relied on SNAP last year to put food on their tables. 
This is the same budget that includes 
a number of other devastating funding cuts to programs that support children, families, and seniors. The Republican budget would end the Medicare guaran-tees, block grant Medicaid, and repeal the Affordable Care Act, which has helped 16.4 million Americans gain af-fordable, high-quality health insur-ance. 
The Republican budget also includes 
reconciliation instructions to the Agri-culture Committee, requiring addi-tional cuts to programs within the committee’s jurisdiction. 
Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t support last 
year’s farm bill because it included an $8.6 billion cut to SNAP, but the Agri-culture Committee finished its work on a reauthorization bill. It is done. We should not be reopening the farm bill in this budget process. 
It is bad enough that SNAP has been 
cut by nearly $20 billion in recent years, with cuts coming in both the farm bill and with the expiration of the ARRA provisions that resulted in an across-the-board cut for all SNAP beneficiaries. Every single one of those who were on SNAP received a cut. We certainly should not be making hunger worse by cutting our premier antihunger program even further. 
Mr. Speaker, Republicans’ fixation 
with attacking SNAP just doesn’t make sense. SNAP is one of the most effective and efficient of all Federal programs. Its error rate is at an all- time low, and that includes underpay-ments as well as overpayments. And in recent years, USDA has successfully cracked down on trafficking of SNAP benefits. 
The purpose of SNAP is to feed hun-
gry people, which it does. SNAP is a program that works. Without SNAP, hunger would be much worse in this country. 
We know from recent CBO estimates 
that SNAP spending and caseloads have already begun to decline and will continue to do so as our economy con-tinues to recover from the Great Reces-sion. We also know that SNAP is not contributing to our long-term deficit. According to CBO, its share of the economy will continue to decline. 
Mr. Speaker, we should not be bal-
ancing the Federal budget on the backs of the working poor, period. Cutting food assistance and making hunger worse in this country will not solve our fiscal challenges. SNAP is not the problem. For Republicans, cuts to programs 
for low-income Americans might rally their base, but it won’t solve our budg-et challenges. Poor and working fami-lies did not cause our fiscal problems. 
But time and time again, programs that help them survive tough times and provide them with opportunities to get out of poverty are always targeted for drastic cuts. 
And what is especially troubling to 
me is that the poorest and most vul-nerable Americans continue to be the target of false and often mean-spirited rhetoric in this Chamber. It is time for that to stop. 
Instead of cutting SNAP, we should 
be strengthening the program. We should be increasing the benefits so it enables struggling individuals and fam-ilies to afford more healthy foods, in-cluding fresh fruits and vegetables. The current SNAP benefit is already woe-fully inadequate, about $1.40 per person per meal, and many families run out of food 3 weeks into the month because the benefit level already is so low. 
We also should be working to address 
one of the biggest flaws in our social safety net, the so-called food stamp cliff, where someone gets a job and loses their benefits but still earns so little that they end up worse off and are back to struggling to put food on their table. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that budgets 
are not just about priorities. They are moral documents that represent a vi-sion for this country. 
The vision laid out by Republicans in 
yesterday’s budget is deeply troubling. We should be striving to make the lives of every American better. We should be striving to end hunger now. Unfortu-nately, the Republican budget does nei-ther of those things. Instead, it makes hunger worse in this country. And that, to be blunt, is shameful. 
f 
UKRAINE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, today I would like to address Russia and its aggression in Ukraine. 
Ukraine is ultimately a story of a 
ruler whose goal is to stifle opposition and turn away from a failing economy, corruption, and authoritarianism in his own country by creating the semblance of economic stability and popular sup-port for his rule. 
The United States and its allies must 
strive to ensure that the story of op-pression and authoritarianism is not allowed to continue. 
b1015 
Putin is aiming to distract the focus 
of the West from his regime and his failing economy in Russia by directing the Russian people to an external enemy which has the potential to be-come a model of Western democracy, and that country is Ukraine. 
Just over a year ago, not even a week 
after the end of the Sochi Olympics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1727 March 18, 2015 
which President Putin staged for a 
record $50 billion to boost his popu-larity in Russia and in the world, Putin quickly shed the garb of a successful 
master of ceremonies and sent his troops to reclaim and illegally annex Crimea, then trump up a referendum in an attempt to justify this annexation. 
With his immediate mobilization of 
the Russian military to try to tamp down calls for democracy in Ukraine, Putin planned to send a signal to Rus-sian citizens and the world that he re-mained popular and strong in the face of growing calls from protesters in Ukraine for pro-Russian President Yanukovych to step down. 
But Putin’s goal to maintain his pop-
ularity through military force failed. Although Putin temporarily conjured up nationalist sentiment in Russia with his annexation of Ukraine, polls show that the majority of Russian citi-zens oppose sending Russian troops to fight in Ukraine, diminishing his popu-larity at home. 
Meanwhile, Putin continued to ig-
nore, with impunity, calls by the United States and Europe to reverse the illegal annexation of Crimea and remove Russian military forces. Not only did Putin refuse to withdraw forces from those countries or reverse Crimea’s annexation, he armed pro- Russian separatists in Ukraine with Russian surface-to-air missiles, which downed a civilian airliner and killed nearly 300 passengers and crew, to the horror of the United States and West-ern Europe, just after the Sochi Olym-pics. 
Less than 3 months ago on this floor, 
in early December 2014, I underlined my deep concerns, shared by my con-stituents, about Russia’s aggression against Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova. I appreciate your over-whelming support of H. Res. 758 con-demning Russian aggression as a viola-tion of international law and a breach of the sovereignty and territorial in-tegrity of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova. 
However, as could be expected, Putin 
did not listen to us or our allies. Just a month later, in January of 2015, Rus-sian troops reengaged with Ukrainian forces in the Donbass region of Ukraine, breaking the cease-fire pro-tocol signed in Minsk in September of 2014. 
Although the leaders of Ukraine, 
Russia, France, and Germany agreed to reinstate a cease-fire on February 12 of this year, Russian forces violated the agreement within days, attacking a railway hub in Ukraine and threat-ening other strategic cities. Russia’s inability to honor a cease-fire under-lines the importance of expanding the scope of U.S. military assistance to Ukraine, including the provision of le-thal military weapons. 
Putin and his advisers have consist-
ently denied that economic sanctions have hurt Russia, adding that the drop in the price of oil has resulted in plung-ing Russia’s GDP and lowering the standard of living in Russia. In addition to suffering economi-
cally, Russians have enjoyed no free-dom of expression under Putin’s rule. Such denial of basic human freedoms await the citizens of Ukraine should Russian aggression continue. 
The latest travesty proving Putin’s 
stifling of dissent to his authoritarian rule is the ‘‘unexplained’’ gunning down of prominent and popular opposi-tion leader Boris Nemtsov in front of the Kremlin just 36 hours before a rally he had planned to lead to protest cor-ruption and direct military involve-ment in Ukraine. Not only was Nemtsov a threat to Putin, he was fearless. He exposed the truth of Putin’s rule, his corrupt practices, and the fraudulent elections he held in 2011 and 2012 that allowed him to return to the presidency. Former Prime Minister Kasyanov stated that there was only one explanation for the murder: ‘‘He was shot for telling the truth.’’ 
The events over the past year have 
made clear our path forward. We must convince the administration to change U.S. policy toward Russia. Putin’s ag-gression in Ukraine and violation of the most recent cease-fire are linked to the assassination and are directing people’s attention away from Russian corruption and authoritarianism and toward an external threat of democ-racy. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States must 
work to restore the country’s terri-torial integrity and ensure Russian military forces are removed from sov-ereign nations. We must convince our President that Putin’s continuation of a war in Ukraine is a desperate at-tempt to divert attention. 
I also call on Russia to release 
Nadiya Savchenko, the Ukrainian Air Force pilot who remains a prisoner in Russia. And I call on the administra-tion and Congress to fund lethal mili-tary assistance to the Ukrainian Gov-ernment. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition of the anti-middle class budget introduced yesterday by the House Republicans. 
I view a budget as a statement of pri-
orities. Where we allocate our re-sources is a clear demonstration that we value our priorities as a nation. This budget moves the middle class backward, hurts families across my re-gion, the State of Illinois, and in our Nation. 
Their budget makes deep cuts to in-
vestments in education, such as Pell grants. I view education as a long-term down payment not only for the lives of individual students and families, but for the future of our country. 
Last week, I toured the region of our 
State that I am privileged to represent, and I spoke with community college students about programs that help make college affordable and accessible 
to them. I spoke with a young lady named Annalea, who attends Spoon River College in Canton, Illinois. 
Annalea is one of eight children in 
her family. She has been raised by a single mother. Her father was addicted to drugs and left their family in debt. She is a full-time community college student and also works 38 hours a week as a cashier at a local grocery store. Her family relies on her income to help make ends meet. She depends on Pell grants and student loans to finance her education, which she knows is a path for a better life ahead. 
Annalea is studying psychology so 
she can one day work as a school psy-chologist and help other students with the same kind of problems that she has had to go through herself. She knows that access to education is a key path-way to success for her and other stu-dents in our region, throughout our State and throughout our Nation. She wants to give back to the community that has given her an opportunity to move beyond the circumstances in which she was born. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to invest in 
students like Annalea and the future of our communities, not slash spending on our young people’s futures. Let’s stop pulling the rug from underneath our students and saddling them with a lifetime of debt. We need a budget that invests in working families and in the middle class and creates opportunity for all to succeed in today’s economy. 
That is why I am leading what I 
would call a commonsense approach to give more flexibility to Pell grant re-cipients so students can take advan-tage of this program year round. Many of those who would benefit most are nontraditional students who want to complete their courses faster so they can get back into the workforce and also with smaller student loan debt. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues, both Democrats and Repub-licans, to join with me and support our young people, our students, and the economic well-being of our commu-nities by opposing these shortsighted cuts to investments in our young peo-ple. 
f 
THE LAND ACQUISITION TO CUT 
NATIONAL DEBT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HOLDING ). The Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H ARDY ) 
for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak on a bill that I have just introduced, my first as a Member of this body. 
The Land Acquisition to cut the Na-
tional Debt, or LAND Act, is a com-monsense piece of legislation that would prohibit the Secretary of the In-terior from using Federal dollars to purchase land, resulting in a net in-crease in acreage under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife, and the Bureau of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1728 March 18, 2015 
Land Management, unless the Federal 
budget is balanced for the year in which the land would be purchased. The same would go for the Secretary of Agriculture. Unless the Federal budget for the given year is balanced, no net increase in the land acreage may be in-cluded in the National Forest system. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, some in this body 
may wonder why I have chosen to take up this charge in the 114th Congress. For my friends on both sides of the aisle, many of whom may not be too fa-miliar with life out West, let me give you some background. 
Just before I arrived in Washington, 
the national debt was over $18 trillion. As a former small business owner, the Federal Government’s spendthrift hab-its and utter disregard for the Amer-ican taxpayer’s hard-earned dollars continues to frustrate me today. Like countless Nevadans, it pains me to watch as we saddle our grandchildren with such an unsustainable debt bur-den, borrowing against the very future we are responsible for providing them. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, my father always 
said: Don’t come to me with a problem unless you have a solution to fix it. I don’t pretend to have all the answers on the biggest issues facing this gov-ernment and this country, but I do bring the private sector, Western sensi-bility to tackling the problem before we get too far out of hand. That is why I am introducing the LAND Act. 
Simply put, the bill tells the Federal 
Government that responsibly and effi-ciently managing the 640 million acres of land it already controls must be a higher priority than acquiring even more private, State, and tribal lands. Think about that number for a mo-ment, Mr. Speaker: 640 million acres. That is roughly one-third of the United States. And on those acres that the Federal bureaucracy has kept within its iron grip, there is currently existing an estimated deferred maintenance backlog of $23 billion—that is with a B. 
So what does that tell the American 
people, Mr. Speaker? It tells them that the Federal Government has bitten off more than it can chew, and it cannot be trusted to serve as a responsible steward of even more of our lands and resources. 
Mr. Speaker, I am a Nevadan. The 
Federal Government controls more than 81 percent of my State, and I think I speak for most of my constitu-ents when I say enough is enough. It boggles the mind to think that each of the 640 million acres the Federal Gov-ernment controls is too valuable to be parted with in order to improve overall management, let alone the fact that the Feds want to acquire even more land on top of an already embarrassing maintenance backlog. 
The Departments of the Interior and 
Agriculture like to tout how important land acquisition is for conserving spe-cies, providing spaces for recreation, and preserving culturally significant sites. My bill would allow them to con-tinue to acquire land as a tool for these purposes, but it would require them to 
focus their efforts on lands that truly need oversight by turning over unnec-essary land to those who are best able to manage it—the States. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. The De-
partment would have the opportunity to net more acreage under the afore-mentioned agencies’ jurisdictions under my bill. That is, so long as the Federal budget is balanced for the given year. I do not believe this is too much to ask. Where I come from, in the private sector, if you don’t have a suc-cessful business plan and you don’t budget well, you go out of business. 
We all know that the BLM, Fish and 
Wildlife, and the Park Service aren’t going out of business anytime soon, much to my chagrin, but at least we can force them to behave more like one on the land they currently control by ensuring that our tax dollars no longer go towards more land for these agen-cies. 
At a time when our debt continues to 
soar, we can ill afford irresponsible budgets like the Interior’s $13 billion request. We need to get our fiscal house in order, and we can help that process along by passing my bill. Let’s allow State, local, and tribal governments to invest in developing their lands, cre-ating jobs, and growing the economy instead of letting them fall in disrepair on the Federal Government’s watch. Let’s pass the LAND Act. 
f 
PUERTO RICO HOSPITAL MEDI-
CARE REIMBURSEMENT EQUITY ACT AND THE PUERTO RICO MEDICARE PART B EQUITY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, today I 
am refiling two bills to eliminate dis-parities that Puerto Rico faces under the Federal Medicare program. 
At the outset, I want to make clear 
that the only reason that I have to in-troduce these bills is because Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory. I look forward to the day when Puerto Rico becomes a U.S. State, when it is automatically treated fairly under Federal programs, and when the island’s elected officials no longer need to implore Congress to treat our constituents the same as their fellow American citizens. That is why, 6 weeks ago, I introduced legisla-tion that would provide for Puerto Rico’s admission as a State once a ma-jority of island voters affirm their de-sire for statehood in a federally spon-sored vote. The bill already has 80 co-sponsors and strong bipartisan support. 
The first bill I am filing today in-
volves Medicare part A, which covers inpatient hospital services. The Fed-eral Government reimburses hospitals who admit Medicare patients under a system known as the inpatient pro-spective payment system. The payment made to the hospital is intended to cover the operating and capital costs that a hospital incurs in furnishing 
care. Each hospital is paid a base rate, which can then be adjusted upwards based on a variety of factors. 
b1030 
Every hospital in the States, whether 
in New York City or rural Alaska, is paid the same base rate, about $5,870. In Puerto Rico, however, hospitals are paid a base rate that is just over $5,000, about 14 percent lower than the base rate for stateside hospitals. 
This adversely affects patient care in 
Puerto Rico and the financial stability of island hospitals. The American Hos-pital Association has endorsed my leg-islation to eliminate this unprincipled disparity, and I urge my colleagues in Congress to enact it into law. 
The second bill I am filing today in-
volves Medicare part B, which covers doctors’ services and outpatient hos-pital services. Puerto Rico is the only U.S. jurisdiction where individuals who become eligible for part A are not auto-matically enrolled in part B, but rather must opt in to receive part B coverage. 
Individuals who do not enroll in part 
B during the 7-month initial enroll-ment period, which begins several months before they turn 65 and ends several months after they turn 65, are required to pay a late enrollment pen-alty. The penalty is significant and lasts for as long as that individual re-ceives Medicare. 
This system has operated to Puerto 
Rico’s detriment. There are tens of thousands of seniors on the island who enrolled late in part B, and each year, they pay millions of dollars in late pen-alties to the Federal Government. 
There are also over 100,000 seniors in 
Puerto Rico who are enrolled in part A but not in part B. When those individ-uals seek to enroll in part B in the fu-ture, they, too, will be required to pay lifetime penalties. 
I am working to address this issue on 
both the administrative and the legis-lative front. I persuaded the Federal Government to improve the written materials they make available to is-land seniors so that they are better in-formed about the part B enrollment pe-riod and the financial consequences of late enrollment. 
In addition, I am refiling legislation 
today that would convert Puerto Rico from the Nation’s only opt-in jurisdic-tion to an opt-out jurisdiction, just like every other U.S. State and terri-tory. 
My bill would also reduce the late 
penalties now being paid by Puerto Rico seniors who enrolled late and au-thorize a special enrollment period during which island seniors who do not have part B could enroll on favorable terms. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bills I am filing today. Until the day that Puerto Rico becomes a State and is treated equally as a matter of course, I will continue to fight for fair treatment for my constituents under all Federal health programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1729 March 18, 2015 
The 3.5 million American citizens of 
Puerto Rico deserve no less. 
f 
CHRISTIANS ATTACKED IN 
PAKISTAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HARDY ). The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. C OLLINS ) for 
5 minutes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it seems now, more than any time in recent history, Christians around the world are being singled out and persecuted. 
Most recently and unfortunately 
were occurrences in Pakistan, where two churches were targeted by suicide bombers. The two attacks that oc-curred resulted in the deaths of 14 peo-ple and injured at least 70. 
The bombings were obviously coordi-
nated as they occurred fairly close in proximity and time. One suicide bomb-er detonated inside one church, and the other was stopped at a security check-point and detonated when being tack-led by a guard. 
Pakistan, whose track record of pro-
tecting religious minority groups is spotty at best, has a history of attacks on Christians. 
In an op-ed piece I wrote in The 
Washington Times in February, I dis-cussed the suffering of Christians and other religious minorities around the world. 
Last November, a mob of 1,200 in 
Pakistan lynched two Christians ac-cused of burning a Koran, and a judge sentenced a Christian to death for blas-phemy. 
The State Department’s Inter-
national Religious Freedom Report for 2013 highlights Pakistan’s inability to protect the religious minorities under its jurisdiction. The report speaks of Pakistan’s enforcement of blasphemy laws that restrict religious freedom and are the symbols of religious intol-erance. 
While the government is vocal of its 
condemnation of attacks on Christians and other religious communities, it has not taken proper steps to ensure the attackers of such atrocities are brought to justice. Again, it seems to be that words matter more than ac-tions to them. Pakistan is by far not the only country to possess such a dis-mal record of protecting Christians. 
In my op-ed, I speak of China and 
North Korea as countries that target Christians. Across the Middle East and North Africa, Muslim terrorist organi-zations search out Christians and kill them in violent and graphic ways, only because the person chose to pray to a different God. 
Fellow Americans, when you think 
about what I have just said, when you think about the freedom that we have here, the very essence of our religious freedom in America is the freedom for all to express their religious beliefs or express none at all; yet all over the world, countries such as Pakistan, Is-lamic extremist groups such as ISIS and others—who have no part in a civ-
ilized society and need to be banished and done away with in a civilized soci-ety—choose to horrendously kill some-one for whom they pray and the faith that they have. 
Explain to me how you are supposed 
to worship a God that says it is okay to behead 16 Christians or to blow up their church or desecrate their facili-ties. It is something that must be ad-dressed. 
You see, these atrocities should not 
just startle those of religious faith and of nonreligious faith as well; they should startle and shock the world to realize that this is something that must cease. 
For me, it is personal. As a Christian, 
as one of faith, my faith is described to me as being one in Christ with other believers. For me, when one is be-headed, we are all persecuted, includ-ing those here in our comfort in Amer-ica. 
You see, religious freedom is not just 
something that we talk about in the comfort of America, but must be rung loud and true throughout the world. 
You see, having a member of a com-
mon faith that is being decapitated, burned alive, impaled, or crucified, these are family members to me, but in the reality to the world, as the poet has once said: ‘‘Any man’s death di-minishes me.’’ 
What a tragedy it takes on when it 
takes the form of religious intolerance by people who want their own views be-lieved. 
You see, I desire now that the Presi-
dent seriously take into consideration the recommendation of the U.S. Com-mission on International Religious Freedom. It provides recommendations to Congress and the President about the lack of religious freedoms in other countries and advises the White House on nonlethal actions that can be taken against those countries. 
Since 2002, they have recommended 
that Pakistan be named as a ‘‘country of particular concern.’’ The designation of ‘‘country of particular concern’’ al-lows the government to use non-military policies to encourage a coun-try to increase protection for religious minorities. 
I strongly encourage the White House 
to consider looking into designating Pakistan as a ‘‘country of particular concern.’’ 
I ask the question to this administra-
tion and to the world: How many more Christians have to be blown up, how many more have to be beaten in prison, how many more have to have their heads taken off before we act? 
When I deployed to Iraq, I saw the 
multitude of faiths and lack of faith. I have seen it come together and under-stand what we are fighting for. When we talk about those who act in the name of a God and are Islamic extrem-ists who want nothing but to eradicate the rest of the people’s beliefs, this is something that cannot be tolerated. I cringe when I think of this. While I disagreed many times with 
the decisions made at 1600 Pennsyl-vania Avenue, I ask that this adminis-tration take this very seriously and consider religious freedom for all around the world. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I certainly 
want to thank my good friend for rais-ing an important issue about religious freedom. It certainly is critical. 
As we look at some of the atrocities 
that are happening around the world, Mr. Speaker, I want to rise today to talk about the Armenian genocide that happened nearly 100 years ago. This year actually marks the 100th anniver-sary. 
As the eyes of the world focus on 
ISIS and the brutal killings of innocent Christians in the Middle East, we must recognize the horrors of the past if we hope to avoid repeating them in the fu-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 
100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide, during which the Ottoman Turks systematically exterminated over 1.5 million Armenians and Chris-tian minorities. This genocide is a fact and cannot be ignored. It is settled his-tory. 
Turkey, however, has never accepted 
the responsibility and has continued to hide behind its brutal tactics that shroud violations of human rights. Even as 11 of our NATO allies and 42 U.S. States have recognized Turkey’s leading role in this atrocity, this body has yet to do so. 
The continued campaign of denial 
sets a dangerous precedent that makes future atrocities, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, more likely. While ordering his military leaders to attack Poland, Adolf Hitler rationalized: ‘‘Who, after all, speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?’’ 
Mr. Speaker, if we deny that these 
atrocities exist, we actually perpetuate the potential that it may happen again. We must join the international community to speak with a unified voice against this genocide. 
Our bipartisan Armenian Genocide 
Truth and Justice Resolution, H. Res. 154—just dropped—would send an un-equivocal message that we will never forget those that were lost, nor will we tolerate human rights abuses of any kind. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, I rise to remem-
ber the 100th anniversary—on April 24, to be specific—of the Armenian geno-cide. I call on our colleagues in the United States Congress to speak out by passing the Armenian Genocide Truth and Justice Resolution so that we can end the denial once and for all. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1730 March 18, 2015 
declares the House in recess until noon 
today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 41 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Dr. Mark Gooden, Munsey 
Memorial United Methodist Church, Johnson City, Tennessee, offered the following prayer: 
Dear God, I give You praise this 
morning for Your goodness and mercy, Your steadfast love, and Your wonder-ful grace. Holy is Your name. 
I pray for these Congresswomen and 
-men who represent the people across this land. These faithful servants sought public office to make a dif-ference. Help them to stay the course and to compromise when conscience al-lows, but stand strong in their convic-tions when they can do no less. For their work ahead, I pray that You grant them clarity of thought, wisdom, and understanding. Some here are hurting and grieving; please comfort them and give them peace. 
I pray that You forgive us as a people 
when we react with hatred and not kindness, when we are quick to speak and slow to listen, when we seek not to be understood but to judge. Help us to remember what You require of us: that we act justly, that we love mercy, and that we walk humbly with You. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Ohio (Mrs. B EATTY ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. BEATTY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DR. MARK 
GOODEN 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Dr. Mark Gooden of Johnson City, Tennessee, for 
his service today as a guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
For more than 30 years, Dr. Gooden 
has served as a spiritual light to over half a dozen churches across Tennessee as a pastor and an elder. I have person-ally had the privilege of knowing him as the senior pastor of my home church, Munsey Memorial United Methodist Church, in my hometown of Johnson City, Tennessee. 
Mark and his wife, Judy, have been a 
blessing in my life. Mark ministered my wife during her recent illness and prayed with my family minutes before she passed, and for this I will be eter-nally grateful. 
I am proud to recognize Dr. Gooden 
today as a guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-
TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I send 
to the desk a resolution (H. Res. 155) electing a Member to a certain stand-ing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives, and ask unanimous con-sent for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 155 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Buchanan. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
MILITARY OATHS 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, our Constitution’s very first amendment protects every individual’s freedom of religion, but our servicemen and -women who protect our country with their lives are seeing that freedom under fire. 
In 2013, the United States Air Force 
Academy made the phrase ‘‘so help me God’’ optional in the oath each cadet takes. And why did they do that? Be-cause of one radical atheist group’s de-mands. 
Let me be clear: Americans have the 
freedom of religion—but not the free-dom from religion. That is why I am 
introducing legislation that requires congressional approval before any change could be made to our military oaths. 
Mr. Speaker, the moral foundation of 
our country is in serious danger if we allow radical groups to dictate whether or not we can freely express our reli-gious beliefs. I think it is time to take a stand. 
f 
THE GOP BUDGET 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight a GOP budget pro-posal that can be summed up in one phrase: work harder for less. The GOP leadership put forth a budget that does nothing to boost paychecks of hard-working Americans. 
Students will see education cuts, and 
college will be less affordable. Mr. Speaker, this budget takes away the tools that allow people to climb the ladder of opportunity. 
It attacks retirement for seniors; and 
seniors on Medicare will immediately pay more for preventive health serv-ices, and those with high prescription drug costs will see prices skyrocket. It will mean the end of the current Medi-care guarantee, and millions of seniors can be hurt. 
While Republican leadership pushes 
this misguided budget proposal that doesn’t work for my district and doesn’t work for the Nation, Demo-crats will continue pursuing policies that provide the tools hardworking families need to achieve economic se-curity. 
f 
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS 
(Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, 90 years 
ago today, the deadliest tornado in U.S. history passed through the south-western Indiana towns of Griffin, Owensville, and Princeton. Named the Great Tri-State Tornado, the deadly cyclone traveled three States and 219 miles over 3.5 hours, causing 695 deaths, destroying family farms, and devastating cities. 
This catastrophic event is an impor-
tant reminder to Hoosier families: don’t wait to get prepared. Make an emergency plan ahead of time. As we enter tornado season, take the time to stay informed. 
Hoosiers can access information on 
what to expect and how to prepare through the Department of Homeland Security at the Federal level, the Indi-ana DHS, the Red Cross, my office, and other organizations. 
Don’t wait. Take the time to get pre-
pared today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1731 March 18, 2015 
THE COURAGE OF LARRY DARCEY 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, at the 
very beginning of my first term, I came across an article in a local newspaper about a constituent of mine named Larry Darcey. 
Years after being exposed to nuclear 
components while working in a plant supporting the U.S. Navy in Attleboro, Massachusetts, Mr. Darcey was diag-nosed with cancer in 1992. Facing the fear and uncertainty of his first cancer diagnosis, Mr. Darcey quickly found out that he was far from the only former employee at the plant with can-cer. But he also learned that few of those employees were aware of the Fed-eral compensation and medical pay-ments that they deserved. 
Over the past few years, he has 
helped over 200 of his former coworkers file compensation claims. His work and the tireless coverage of Rick Foster and the Attleboro Sun Chronicle have kept attention on this critical issue. 
Guided by their efforts, I have 
worked with the Department of Labor and the Social Security Administra-tion to provide former workers and their families with over $34 million— more than twice as much as had been paid out in the 13 years of the com-pensation program’s existence. To many families, Mr. Speaker, that sup-port has changed or even saved lives, and it is all thanks to Larry Darcey for raising his voice when he saw a gap in our system. 
Thank you, Larry, for all you have 
done and all you do. 
f 
HAPPY 84TH BIRTHDAY, HOWARD 
COBLE 
(Mr. WALKER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Mr. How-ard Coble on his 84th birthday, a living legend of North Carolina politics who faithfully served the Sixth District of North Carolina for 30 years. 
From the very first day when he as-
sumed office on January 3, 1985, and the nearly 11,000 days following, he was a pillar for outstanding constituent service. With his three decades in Con-gress, he became the longest-serving Republican in the history of North Carolina, and he was regarded as one of the friendliest Members of Congress and certainly the most fashionable. 
But the title I believe he embodies is 
public servant. He spent a lifetime serving our great country and our State. Beyond Congress, he has served in a multitude of capacities for North Carolina, including as a State rep-resentative. Additionally, he is a Ko-rean war veteran and spent more than two decades serving in the United States Coast Guard and the Reserves. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct pleas-
ure to succeed Mr. Howard Coble. On behalf of all the Sixth District and my colleagues in Congress, I thank you for your service and wish you a very happy 84th birthday. 
f 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS 
BOARD 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition to legislation that is nothing short of an attack on work-ers, a bill that will harm the economic security of American families all over this country. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe that 
economic growth is the key to strengthening the middle class, but only if we have fair rules in place that allow workers to share in that growth by negotiating for decent wages and benefits. 
The National Labor Relations Board 
put forward a rule that ensures work-ers are treated fairly in the election process, that reduces bureaucratic red tape and ensures the right to collec-tively bargain is guaranteed. 
Unfortunately, this body is consid-
ering legislation that would overturn that rule. It is wrong, and it is a waste of time. 
If Congress wants to support busi-
ness, we should pass legislation to re-pair our crumbling infrastructure so that folks can get their products to market, reform our Tax Code to make it easier for small businesses to com-pete, or invest in workforce develop-ment so that our kids are prepared to compete in a 21st century economy. 
Mr. Speaker, there are Democrats 
who stand ready to work with you on an agenda that actually strengthens the middle class, but this resolution doesn’t do that. I urge my colleagues to stand up for workers by voting down this resolution. 
f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT 
RYAN PITTS, AMERICAN HERO 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor one of New Hampshire’s own, Staff Sergeant Ryan Pitts, an American hero and recipient of the Medal of Honor. As one of only nine living soldiers to be awarded this dis-tinct honor, his is a shining example of this generation’s sacrifice on our be-half. 
Staff Sergeant Pitts demonstrated an 
incredible amount of courage, bravery, and honor as he fought to hold off a Taliban ambush during one of the bloodiest battles of the war in Afghani-stan. Despite being attacked by more than 200 Taliban militants and sus-taining injuries of his own, Pitts sin-glehandedly defended his platoon’s ob-servation post—his fight unwavering. Every day our servicemembers like 
Staff Sergeant Pitts put themselves in harm’s way to defend our liberties, our Nation, and our freedom, and for that we are forever grateful. 
Mr. Speaker, during that very am-
bush, nine of his comrades made the ul-timate sacrifice for our freedom. We shall not and we will not forget their bravery and sacrifice. 
Since 1861, the Congressional Medal 
of Honor has been awarded to just over 3,400 of our Nation’s bravest soldiers. It is my honor to recognize Staff Ser-geant Pitts today. 
f 
b1215 
HONORING JONATHAN MYRICK 
DANIELS 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor the memory of a Granite Stater who played an important role in the Civil Rights Movement: Jonathan Myrick Daniels of Keene, New Hamp-shire. 
During his studies at the Episcopal 
Theological School in Cambridge, Mas-sachusetts, Dr. Daniels’ faith inspired him to travel to Alabama, where Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., had sought to help the fellow clergymembers in reg-istering African Americans to vote. 
Along with other students, including 
our esteemed colleague, Congressman J
OHNLEWIS of Georgia, Jonathan spent 
the summer and spring advocating for civil rights, standing guard during the march from Selma to Montgomery, and even helping to integrate an Episcopal church in Selma. 
While many of his fellow students ul-
timately traveled back north, Mr. Dan-iels chose to indefinitely remain in Alabama and continue to fight for equal rights. 
Sadly, on August 20, 1965, Mr. Daniels 
was walking with fellow students when a sheriff’s deputy happened upon the group and threatened them with his gun. Seeing the weapon pointed in their direction, Mr. Daniels placed himself in front of a 17-year-old girl and took the bullet that was meant for her. Friends of Jonathan had noted that he was ‘‘willing and prepared to die to help others,’’ and tragically, that is indeed what happened. 
Jonathan Daniels would have been 76 
years old this Friday. He left this world far too soon, and he died fighting for the values he held dear: justice, equality, and human dignity. 
As we celebrate this year’s 50th anni-
versary of the landmark Voting Rights Act, we honor the memory of Jonathan Daniels and those like him who fought for the essential rights of every Amer-ican. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1732 March 18, 2015 
COMMENDING VENTURE HIVE AND 
THE LAB MIAMI FOR CONTRIBU-TIONS TO SOUTH FLORIDA 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the contribu-tions of two local south Florida inno-vative tech hubs: Venture Hive and LAB Miami. 
Venture Hive is a business accel-
erator, and LAB Miami is a tech incu-bator, and both are local leaders work-ing to help our community’s entre-preneurs grow, create more jobs, and expand our economy. 
Building on these lofty goals, Susan 
Amat, the founder of Venture Hive, has partnered with Miami-Dade County Public Schools to engage students in the business of innovation at an early age. 
Meanwhile, Wifredo Fernandez, or 
‘‘Wifi,’’ has worked to build a place known as the Ellis Island of Miami for tech entrepreneurs. Both of these won-derful places are examples for cities across our Nation to help strengthen our economy and spur innovation. 
Congratulations—felicidades to Ven-
ture Hive and LAB Miami. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CD1 FIREFIGHTERS 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the first re-sponders and fire crews who put their lives on the line for more than 24 hours to fight the five-alarm mill fire in Providence last week. 
Firefighters from across my district 
came to the scene to help, working 
through the night to contain the blaze that consumed the 90,000-square-foot building. 
Thank you to the members of the 
Providence Fire Department and to fire crews at Central Falls Ladder, North Providence Engine, East Providence Engine, Pawtucket Engine and Ladder, North Providence Ladder, and Cum-berland Ladder for your willingness to help the Providence Fire Department and your dedicated service to keep Rhode Islanders safe all throughout the year. 
I would also like to thank the compa-
nies from the Second Congressional District who pitched in, Warwick En-gine and Cranston Ladder and John-ston Engine and Ladder. 
I applaud their service today and 
hope this reminds all of us of the he-roic and important work that our fire-fighters and first responders do and of our responsibility to support them in every way that we can. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER 
BURKE J. RHOADS OF NICHOLASVILLE, KENTUCKY 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the life and note the re-cent passing of Officer Burke J. Rhoads of Nicholasville, Kentucky. 
On March 11, Officer Rhoads was sud-
denly and tragically killed in a car ac-cident while on duty as an officer with the Nicholasville Police Department. Officer Rhoads was 35 years old and is survived by his wife, Melissa Suzanne Mason Rhoads, and his three children, Jacquelyn, Bryan, and Kevin. Officer Rhoads was a U.S. Army veteran and served on the Nicholasville police force for 8 years. 
We grieve the loss of this promoter of 
peace, advocate of laws, and sentry of safety and security in our community; however, we also celebrate and honor his life and his service. 
Inscribed on the wall of the National 
Law Enforcement Officers Memorial are the words ‘‘in valor there is hope.’’ Officer Rhoads helped to bring his com-munity hope in knowing that they were safer on his watch. 
I thank Officer Rhoads for his service 
and devotion to our community. 
f 
REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, today, 
Americans are working more and earn-ing less. The cost of college is rising, young people are in debt, and Amer-ica’s infrastructure is in decay. 
Mr. Speaker, the Republican budget, 
however, does nothing to help strug-gling Americans. It gives tax breaks to the wealthy, ends the Medicare guar-antee, makes it harder for Americans to buy a home, and cuts funding for education. 
Our military leaders even testified 
that the Republican budget will put the lives of our men and women in uni-form at risk. 
Mr. Speaker, this is outrageous. The 
American people elected us. We owe it to them to pass a budget that addresses their needs, keeps them safe, and gives them the best opportunity possible to live the American Dream. 
Let’s focus on creating good-paying 
jobs, providing universal pre-K, and re-storing food stamp programs that have helped many American families through these tough times. Let’s en-sure that our military has the re-sources they need to make sure that they can fight the fight that America wants. 
Democrats will keep standing with 
the American people and do the job that we were elected to do on their be-half. 
f 
REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
(Mr. HARRIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
the House Republicans rolled out next year’s budget and laid out a clear plan to balance the budget in less than 10 years, cut $5.5 trillion in deficit spend-ing, and fully repeal ObamaCare. 
It will work to cut waste and create 
a lean and effective government that truly works for the people. Every day, hardworking taxpayers across our Na-tion are forced to balance their budg-ets. It is about time that the Federal Government does the same. 
Over the last several years, we have 
seen reckless spending that is saddling future generations with massive amounts of debt. I want our children and grandchildren to have a better op-portunity to succeed than we did, and on the current trajectory, that is just not possible. 
Unlike the budget President Obama 
submitted to Congress, the House budg-et calls for a fairer, simpler Tax Code and promotes job creation and a healthy economy. It will work to cut red tape that is suffocating our private employers, and it creates a more trans-parent and accountable government. 
It is time to put money back in the 
pockets of our hardworking American taxpayers, and this budget will do just that. 
f 
REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak out against the latest budget proposal from House Repub-licans. 
When Bill Clinton left office in 2001, 
our government was running a surplus and on track to pay down our national debt to zero by 2009. 
Republicans then took control of the 
House, Senate, and Presidency, and we saw 8 years of Republican budgets that drove us into debt and wrecked our economy. By the time Democrats re-gained control in 2009, our economy was in collapse, and the deficit was over $1 trillion a year. 
Republicans are now proposing to re-
turn to the very same policies that de-stroyed our economy in the first place: wars and military spending paid for on the backs of the middle class; tax cuts skewed to the wealthy that produce no jobs; and underinvestment in edu-cation, research, and infrastructure that are the lifeblood of our Nation’s economic growth. 
Once again, we are seeing a budget 
that would increase financial stress on the middle class and the Medicare guarantee and force seniors to pay more for health care and for prescrip-tion drugs. 
We can and we must do better. 
f 
OCEAN ACIDIFICATION 
(Mr. BEYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1733 March 18, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to bring our attention to an in-creasingly urgent problem: ocean acidi-fication. 
About 25 percent of manmade carbon 
dioxide emissions are absorbed by our oceans. This is the great carbon sink, which helps buffer the amount of CO
2 
in our atmosphere. This absorption is making our waters more acidic, which has a damaging effect on the ability of shellfish to build their shells. 
Ocean acidification has already cost 
the United States shellfish industry millions in lost profits and jobs. I am deeply concerned because the Chesa-peake Bay has been identified as a main hotspot for rapid ocean acidifica-tion. Nitrogen pollution from agricul-tural and sewage runoff into the bay are key culprits exacerbating the ef-fects of acidification. 
The clearest solution to address this 
problem is to reduce the amount of car-bon dioxide emissions entering our waters. Therefore, I ask my colleagues to stand with the Safe Climate Caucus in supporting efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. 
We need to support the EPA’s pro-
posed carbon rules for power plants, and we need to protect our ecosystems, and we need to protect the long-term viability of our coastal economies. 
f 
DETERGENT POISONING AND 
CHILD SAFETY ACT 
(Ms. SPEIER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, this looks 
like it could be candy for kids, but it is not. These are detergent packs that we use in our dishwasher or in our washing machines. 
Last year, the National Poison Data 
System received 17,230 calls involving children who are exposed to chemicals in these packs. They bite into them, or they squirt them into their eyes. These are concentrated packs, and so they do much more damage—in fact, even burn-ing the esophagus. 769 of these children had to go to the hospital, and one child died. 
I am introducing, along with Senator 
D
ICKDURBIN , the Detergent Poisoning 
and Child Safety Act to require that companies that produce these deter-gent packs provide more child-resist-ant packaging. 
This is a consumer issue that should 
be addressed, and I urge my colleagues to join with me. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Hear ye, 
hear ye. Wake the town and tell the people that ISIS and Boko Haram are teaming up for terror. Boko Haram plus ISIS equals a ‘‘marriage from 
hell,’’ says CNN. 
Mr. Speaker, Boko Haram has 
courted ISIS for months, but this is the first time that the intelligence commu-nity has acknowledged that ISIS has responded to the overtures in a way that could pave the road for the two to collaborate. 
We cannot forget the people of Nige-
ria. We cannot forget our school girls who were kidnapped. We cannot forget those awful unions between ISIS and Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, we must continue to 
tweet to keep the reports of corrup-tion, election shenanigans, and sheer terror in the national spotlight. 
Tweet #bringbackourgirls and 
#joinrepwilson. 
Tweet, tweet, tweet. 
f 
IT’S MORNING IN AMERICA 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, while Congress was away last week, we had another strong jobs report. You might even say, as former President Reagan used to say, ‘‘It’s morning in America,’’ in his fa-mous ad. 
In February, the economy added an-
other 295,000 private sector jobs, and the unemployment rate edged down to 5.5 percent. That means that there have been 12 straight uninterrupted months of private sector job growth of over 200,000 jobs a month. That is the first time that has happened since 1977. 
Inflation remains tame; gas prices 
are low; the dollar is strong, and by many measures, the economy’s per-formance under the Obama administra-tion has been stronger than the econ-omy under former President Reagan. 
Though I suspect that some may find 
it unusual to compare President Obama and President Reagan, their ef-forts are good news for the economy and good news for America. 
f 
b1230 
REJECT HOUSE REPUBLICAN 
BUDGET 
(Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, con-
gressional Democrats are trying to move the country forward, but the House Republican budget is designed to turn back the clock. 
Instead of trying to take a balanced 
approach to dealing with our Nation’s fiscal problems, the House Republican budget seeks to balance itself on the backs of working families, middle class folks, senior citizens, young Ameri-cans, college students, the poor, the sick, and the afflicted. Instead of try-ing to promote progress for everyone, the House Republican budget seeks to enact policies designed to simply ben-
efit the privileged few. 
It is a regressive, a retrograde, and 
an irresponsible Republican budget, and it should be soundly rejected. It does not add a single middle class job. It does not increase a single middle class paycheck. It does not help a sin-gle middle class family send its child to college. Mr. Speaker, I am urging that the House soundly reject this reckless Republican budget. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CHAIR OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
L
OUDERMILK ) laid before the House the 
following communication from the Chair of the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, March 17, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary has received a sub-poena, issued by the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, for documents in a civil case. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel regarding the subpoena, I have determined that compliance is not con-sistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
f 
SECRET SCIENCE REFORM ACT OF 
2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill, H.R. 1030. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 138 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1030. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1233 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assess-ments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible, with Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana in the chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1734 March 18, 2015 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
SMITH) and the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) 
each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform 
Act, requires the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to base its regulations on unbiased, publicly accessible science that can be verified. Why would anyone want to hide this information from the American people? 
This is essentially the same bill that 
was introduced in the last Congress by the former Environment Sub-committee chairman, D
AVID 
SCHWEIKERT , and it passed with bipar-
tisan support last November. 
We must make sure that Federal reg-
ulations are based on science that is available for independent review. Many Americans are unaware that some of the EPA’s most expensive and burden-some regulations, such as its proposed ozone rules, are based on data that not even the EPA has seen. The EPA con-tracts out scientific research to third parties whom the EPA relies upon to justify its regulations, but if inde-pendent scientists ask for details, the Agency claims that it doesn’t have the data, and so results cannot be verified. 
This is ‘‘trust me’’ science, which 
should make us suspicious, and it clearly conflicts with this administra-tion’s promise to be the most trans-parent in history. This bill ensures that the decisions that affect every American are based on independently verified, unbiased scientific research instead of on secret data that is hidden behind closed doors. 
The Secret Science Reform Act does 
not weaken privacy laws. In fact, it states that nothing in the bill will su-persede privacy laws. It does not give the EPA any new authority to take pri-vate information and make it public. The Secret Science Reform Act simply prohibits the Agency from relying on nonpublic data that cannot be verified by independent scientists. The bill re-quires the EPA to use data that is available to the public when the Agen-cy writes its regulations. This allows independent researchers to evaluate the studies that the EPA uses to jus-tify its regulations. This is the sci-entific method. 
How can we believe claims by the 
government about the costs and bene-fits of regulations if the science that allegedly justifies them cannot be verified by independent experts? What does the EPA want to hide? 
This bill does not require the EPA to 
pay to disseminate the data it relies on publicly. Unfortunately, the CBO’s old cost estimate on a previous bill ignores this point. If a third party has re-searched data that it believes the EPA should rely on in its rulemaking, that 
third party should make it publicly available so that the EPA and other scientists can check its work. There is nothing in the bill that compels the EPA to shoulder this cost, which is where the CBO went wrong in scoring the cost of this bill. The EPA has re-ceived over $8 billion this year. Billions of hard-earned taxpayer dollars have been spent by the EPA, and taxpayers deserve to know whether it went to good science or to politically correct science. 
Today, we have an opportunity to set 
a new course and let the American peo-ple see the data. The EPA should use sound science based on public data, not secret data hidden from the American people. This bill also will help the EPA focus its resources on the best possible science. That, in turn, will ensure a healthier, happier, and more pros-perous future for all Americans. The days of ‘‘trust me’’ science are over. An open government that is accountable to the people is essential to protect Americans from excessive government control. The EPA has a responsibility to be open and transparent with the people it serves and whose money it uses. 
If you support the right of the people 
to see the EPA’s data, then support this bill and help the administration keep its promise to be open and honest with the American people. In God we trust. All others, especially the EPA, must use public data, not secret science. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 
1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. 
First off, I would like to dispel the 
falsehood that the EPA relies on secret science. They do not. They rely upon tens of thousands of peer reviewed, publicly published research studies. The kind of science that Republicans call ‘‘secret’’ actually consists of re-search studies published in prestigious scientific journals like Science, the New England Journal of Medicine, the Annals of Epidemiology, the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, and many more. 
Moreover, it is not a secret that the 
EPA uses these studies. In all of the regulatory actions the EPA takes, they publish exhaustive information about exactly what science the Agency is re-lying upon to establish the scientific underpinnings of the regulations. These are public documents that are easily located on the Internet. 
So what is the secret? What my Republican colleagues are 
calling ‘‘secret’’ is actually confiden-tial, personal health information from research study participants. Some of this information is protected from dis-closure by law, and other information is protected by agreements between the study participants and the researchers. 
The disclosure of this kind of informa-tion would be a major breach of faith with the hundreds of thousands of re-
search participants who volunteer to enter these types of public health stud-ies. 
That said, I don’t actually think that 
my Republican colleagues want this personal health information to be pub-licly disclosed. If they did want that, it would be terribly hypocritical since they have been repeatedly bashing the Obama Web site healthcare.gov for dis-closing far less information to third- party vendors. 
I think that the real motivation here 
is to prevent the EPA from using these public health studies altogether, be-cause if the EPA cannot rely upon these public health studies, then it will be much more difficult for the EPA to justify its protections for public health. The effect of this is that cer-tain public health regulations will be almost impossible to update regardless of what new things the health sciences tell us about pollution and its effects on public health. 
Mr. Chairman, I think it is sad that 
today the Science Committee is on the floor of this House of Representatives putting forth a bill that will force a public health agency to ignore science. That is why some of our premier sci-entific organizations, such as the American Association for the Advance-ment of Science, the Union of Con-cerned Scientists, the American Statis-tical Association, and others, have ex-pressed their concerns about this bill. It would be nice, when we debate bills which are supposedly about science, if we actually listened to the concerns of the scientific community instead of ig-noring them, as the majority has done here. 
Likewise, some of the Nation’s pre-
mier public health organizations, like the American Lung Association, the American Thoracic Society, and the American Public Health Association, among others, have come out in opposi-tion to this bill. 
Again, when dealing with issues of 
public health, it would be nice to occa-sionally listen to what the public health experts have to say instead of ignoring their voices, like the majority has done here. 
Finally, a number of well-known en-
vironmental groups have registered op-position to this legislation, including the Natural Resources Defense Council, the League of Conservation Voters, and Greenpeace, among others. There was a time not too long ago when the views of these groups would have mattered to some of my Republican colleagues. Not too many years ago, the then-Repub-lican chairman of the Science Com-mittee, Sherry Boehlert, made clear that we need to be good stewards of the environment we are leaving for future generations. 
I want to believe that some of my Re-
publican colleagues still believe that. However, legislation like the bill be-fore us today makes me fear that what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1735 March 18, 2015 
we are left with is a majority party 
which ignores science, ignores public health, and ignores environmental damage—all for the sake of polluting industries that have endorsed the ma-jority’s actions here today. 
Now, I don’t begrudge these compa-
nies for supporting legislation that helps their bottom lines. It is expected. What concerns me is that this Congress no longer looks at the industry’s re-quest with a critical eye. We simply rubberstamp them without any regard for our Nation’s scientific experts, health experts, or environmental ex-perts and their concerns. 
Mr. Chairman, I include some of 
these letters in the R
ECORD today be-
cause Congress should care about these experts and what they have to say. 
MARCH 16, 2015. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We are writing to 
express our opposition to H.R. 1030, the Se-cret Science Reform Act of 2015, and H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2015. Our organizations are dedi-cated to saving lives and improving public health. 
Science is the bedrock of sound regulatory 
decision making. The best science under-scores everything our organizations do to improve health. We strongly believe in a transparent and open regulatory process. A vital element of research is patient confiden-tiality. Physicians and researchers have earned the trust of their patients by stead-fastly maintaining patient confidentiality. Patient confidentiality is a clear legal and ethical obligation. 
The Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 will 
compel the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to either ignore the best science by prohibiting the agency from considering peer-reviewed research that is based on con-fidential patient information or force EPA to publicly release confidential patient infor-mation, which would violate federal law. This is an untenable outcome that would completely undermine the ability of the EPA to perform its responsibilities under the Clean Air Act and myriad other federal laws. The legislation will not improve EPA’s ac-tions; rather, it will stifle public health pro-tections. 
The kind of information disclosure envi-
sioned in this legislation exceeds that re-quired by peer-reviewed journals. We believe much of the intent of this legislation is al-ready achieved through the current peer-re-view process required by all academic jour-nals. The vast majority of peer-reviewed journals require manuscript authors to reg-ister any trial using human subjects with clinicaltrials.gov. This public registry col-lects key information on the study popu-lation, research goals and methods that allow outside reviewers and scientists to ei-ther challenge or attempt to reproduce study results. Additionally, the peer-review process and publication of results invites the broader scientific community to debate study find-ings. Trial registry and manuscript publica-tions are only part of the process by which scientific endeavors operate in a transparent environment. 
Private organizations, public charities, re-
search universities, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Department of Veterans Affairs, corporations and many other entities conduct medical research. Many of these organizations compile large longitudinal data sets that track patients over a period of time. These data serve as the basis of many studies that permit epi-demiologists to track disease and risk factor 
information for large patient populations. 
The published peer-reviewed information 
from such data often inform regulatory deci-sion making at the EPA and other federal agencies as well as future research. Not only do these data inform regulatory action, they help inform efforts to educate the public about the magnitude of a disease, risk fac-tors and steps individuals can take to im-prove their health. In order for EPA to set the most appropriate standards, it must be informed by the best information. 
Understanding the impact of air pollution 
on human health and the magnitude of harm caused by pollution at specific levels helps the agency meet its obligations under the Clean Air Act. Absent these data, it is un-clear upon what basis the agency could make sound decisions. 
H.R. 1029, The EPA Science Advisory Board 
Reform Act of 2015 will also undermine the scientific basis for EPA policy, specifically by compromising the integrity of the panel that reviews that science. EPA’s Science Ad-visory Board (SAB) is composed of inde-pendent scientific and technical experts who are tasked with evaluating the science and providing advice that EPA uses to inform its decision making. The current law provides for balanced panels and experts with diverse backgrounds. 
This legislation would impose a hiring 
quota on the SAB that would require ten per-cent of members to be selected for qualifica-tions other than their scientific expertise. This bill will compromise not only the sci-entific integrity of the SAB, but also its independence, as the quota would open the door for representatives of the regulated in-
dustries to serve on the board. 
Further, the bill will also, in some cases, 
prohibit SAB members from participating when their own research is involved—even indirectly. This requirement could block participation of the ‘‘best and the brightest’’ researchers in a particular field at the very time their expertise is needed to accurately inform the regulatory process. 
Finally, the SAB is currently governed by 
the Federal Advisory Committee Act and al-ready has a public comment system in place. H.R. 1029 would add on the burdensome re-quirement that the SAB respond to indi-vidual comments in writing, a requirement that could be so time-consuming as to render the board unable to carry out its function. 
We urge the U.S. House of Representatives 
to stand up for sound science and public health protections, and vote NO on both H.R. 1030 and H.R. 1029. 
Sincerely, 
H
AROLD WIMMER , 
National President & 
CEO, 
American Lung Asso-
ciation; 
GEORGES C. B ENJAMIN , MD, 
Executive Director, American Public 
Health Association; 
J
EFFREY LEVI, PHD, 
Executive Director, Trust for America’s 
Health; 
S
TEPHEN C. C RANE , PHD, 
MPH, Executive Director, American Thoracic So-
ciety; 
T
ONYA WINDERS , 
President & CEO, Allergy & Asthma Net-
work. 
MARCH 16, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN MCCARTHY , 
House Majority Whip, Washington, DC. 
D
EARREPRESENTATIVE MCCARTHY : As lead-
ing U.S. science, engineering, and academic institutions, we are writing to once again ex-
press our concerns regarding the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 (H.R. 1030). We encourage you and your colleagues to take additional time to evaluate the unintended consequences of this bill before passing it on the House floor. 
The research community is concerned 
about how some of the key terms in the bill could be interpreted or misinterpreted, espe-cially terms such as ‘‘materials,’’ ‘‘data,’’ and ‘‘reproducible.’’ Would the Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA) be excluded from utilizing research that involved phys-ical specimens or biological materials that are not easily accessible? How would the agency address research that combines both public and private data? 
With respect to reproducibility of research, 
some scientific research, especially in areas of public health, involves longitudinal stud-ies that are so large and of great duration that they could not realistically be repro-duced. Rather, these studies are replicated utilizing statistical modeling. The same may be true for scientific data from a one-time event (e.g., Deepwater Horizon Gulf oil spill) where the data are gathered in real time. We could foresee a situation in which the EPA would be constrained from making a pro-posal or even disseminating public informa-tion in a timely fashion. 
Finally, the legislation could impose addi-
tional uncompensated burdens of cost and ef-fort on those recipients of federal research grants where the research results are ex-pected to be ‘‘relied on to support a covered action.’’ The bill is not clear on whether it is the EPA’s or the research institution’s re-sponsibility to cover the costs associated 
with sharing and archiving this information. 
The Office of Science and Technology Pol-
icy (OSTP) is working with federal agencies to establish access to data policies that re-late ‘‘to the dissemination and long-term stewardship of the results of unclassified re-search, including digital data and peer-re-viewed scholarly publications.’’ Agencies are beginning to issue their data access policies, and given the complexities associated with access to research data as outlined above we suggest that Congress wait to review the agency policies before imposing new statu-tory requirements. 
American Anthropological Association, 
American Association for the Advance-ment of Science, American Chemical Society, American Geophysical Union, American Geosciences Institute, Amer-ican Meteorological Society, American Society for Microbiology (ASM), Amer-ican Society of Agronomy, American Society of Civil Engineers, Association of American Geographers, Association of American Universities, Association of Public and Land-grant Universities (APLU), Biophysical Society, Brown University, Consortium for Ocean Leadership, Consortium of Social Science Associations. 
Cornell University, Crop Science Society 
of America, Duke University, Ecologi-cal Society of America, Entomological Society of America, Harvard Univer-sity, Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology, National Council for Science and the Environment, Society for Con-servation Biology, Soil Science Society of America, Stanford University, The Ohio State University, The University of Texas at Austin, University of Cali-fornia System, University of Cali-fornia, Riverside, University of Mary-land, University of Michigan, Univer-sity of Oregon, University of Pennsyl-vania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1736 March 18, 2015 
FEBRUARY 25, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, House Science, Space, and Tech-
nology Committee, House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
Ranking Member, House Science, Space, and 
Technology Committee, House of Represent-atives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BERJOHNSON , As president of the American 
Statistical Association, with 19,000 members, I write regarding the ‘‘Secret Science Re-form Act of 2015.’’ We generally applaud the idea that researchers and federal agencies strive to make data available to others— under strict pledges to maintain confiden-tiality of data provided by individuals and establishments where necessary—and to en-courage reproducible research. Access to data and reproducibility of research are cru-cially important for science to advance. 
While the bill’s intent is to make data 
more widely available, we have several con-cerns and urge the bill be revised signifi-cantly before further consideration. Our con-cerns include those voiced by others last year (especially the American Association for the Advancement of Science) that the bill’s statements do not account for the com-plexities common to the scientific process on research that involves biological materials or physical specimens not easily accessible, combinations of public and private data, lon-gitudinal data collected over many years that are difficult to reproduce, and data from one-time events that cannot be replicated. The bill as written could have far-reaching consequences that would ultimately hamper 
or undermine the scientific process generally and EPA’s work specifically. We also agree with the point that it would be prudent to see the EPA’s data access policy—in accord-ance with the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2010—expected later this year before further action on the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. 
Our nation should be striving for trans-
parency in government and, as noted above, data accessibility, but these goals also must be balanced with the necessity to protect in-dividuals’ and businesses’ privacy. The bill’s language of ‘‘publicly available’’ except when ‘‘superseding any nondiscretionary statutory requirement’’ acknowledges this balance, but that language is vague and may be insufficient to protect individuals and businesses. In particular, some data sets may not fall under ‘‘prohibited by law,’’ yet the data are still collected under a pledge to pro-tect the identifiability and confidentiality of the reported values. For example, the gov-ernment, as well as private and nonprofit sectors, routinely collects data—including private business information and private health information—under strict pledges to protect confidentiality. In some studies, this is backed up with penalties for violating those pledges. Such data should not be pub-licly available to every person who might ask for them. Rather, data subjects’ con-fidentiality should be protected, for example by policies and procedures that provide data access to trusted users (i.e., approved users committed to appropriate protections of the confidentiality of study participants) while discouraging breaches of confidentiality and/ or by data redaction techniques developed in the statistical and computer science commu-nities. Under the current wording, a choice may have to be made between maintaining data confidentiality and issuing needed regu-lations. 
To emphasize the challenges and impor-
tance of confidentiality protection, we note that simple but necessary de-identification methods—like stripping names and other personally identifiable information (PII)— often do not suffice to protect confiden-
tiality. Statisticians and computer scientists have repeatedly shown that it is possible to link individuals to publicly available sources, even with PR removed. Thus, allow-ing unrestricted public access without appro-priate controls could result in unintended disclosures. These could cause significant harm to the advancement of science and the federal government—especially the federal statistical system—as people may be less willing to provide their data if highly pub-licized breaches occur. 
In short, any requirements for making 
data available should carefully consider the complexities, challenges, and potential rami-fications. We hope you will address these concerns, which would require major modi-fications to the bill. We would be happy to be of any assistance. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVID MORGANSTEIN , 
President, American Statistical Association. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Before closing, I would simply note that the Congressional Budget Of-fice has scored this bill. 
To quote the CBO: 
The CBO estimates that implementing 
H.R. 1030 would cost about $250 million a year for the next few years. 
As we prepare to debate the budget 
resolution and fiscal policy next week, I cannot fathom why so-called fiscal conservatives could support a bill that will increase bureaucracy at the EPA at a cost of a quarter-billion dollars a year. For a whole host of reasons, this is a bad bill, and I strongly oppose this legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b1245 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
yield myself 30 seconds before yielding to the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
I want to point out that this bill has 
been endorsed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Farm Bu-reau, Small Business and Entrepre-neurship Council, and The Center for Regulatory Solutions. 
I want to call all Members’ attention 
to the actual language of the bill itself. If they will look on page 2, they will find out that this bill does protect pri-vacy, and it does so specifically. It pre-vents the EPA from releasing confiden-tial information, and it clarifies that this bill does not supersede any privacy laws. In fact, the EPA Administrator, herself, wrote this in a recent letter: 
The Agency’s efforts ultimately resulted in 
the Center for Disease Control reaching the conclusion that all the research data could be provided without the need for de-identi-fication, and further, the National Academy of Sciences has said the same thing. We are happy to stand with them. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), who is also the chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Environment of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank our chairman for his leadership on this very important bill. 
I think it is highly appropriate that 
we ask our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to actually read the bill. If 
they did, they would find out that it prevents the EPA from releasing any confidential information. It prevents the EPA from releasing any confiden-tial information. The idea that you are using or that somebody on this floor would use confidential information, they are hiding behind that in an effort to hide the actual science. 
My children are in elementary 
school. They are required to show their work. If they don’t show their work, their integrity could be questioned, which would be appropriate, by the way. Mr. Chairman, is it too much to ask for the EPA to follow the same guidelines I give my children in ele-mentary school? Show your work. We need to see it. This is an Agency, as the chairman noted, that is funded by tax-payers at a level of $8 billion a year. This is also an Agency that promul-gates rules that cost the economy hun-dreds of millions, if not billions, of dol-lars every year, as well. 
In my home State of Oklahoma, in 
Tulsa, Oklahoma, with the Clean Power Plan going forward and now new regulations on ozone, we are looking at the cost of electricity going up. We are looking at the cost of doing business going up. 
By the way, when the cost of elec-
tricity goes up, it doesn’t hurt me; it hurts the poor. This is a war on the poor. If we are going to punish poor people in my district, I would like to see the science behind it. I think it is perfectly appropriate that we have per-fect transparency as it relates to the science behind the EPA. 
The Secret Science Reform Act is a 
very simple bill. It simply makes the EPA show its work, as my children do in elementary school. It is not truly sound science unless the results can be replicated, and this bill would allow others to test the results and to chal-lenge the assumptions of the EPA. 
If we are truly for good science, for 
sound science, we must pass this bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote for it. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield 5 minutes to the gentle-woman from the State of Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), who is the ranking member 
of the Subcommittee on Environment. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Ms. J OHNSON for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition 
to H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, a short bill, which I have read, with a long list of problems. 
I want to start by applauding the 
sponsors of the bill for their focus on and goal of transparency. It is some-thing our constituents care about and deserve. But transparency is something that we should accomplish through col-laboration and with input from the sci-entific community. This bill, on the contrary, is opposed, for good reason, by research institutions and scientists from across the country. 
Mr. Chairman, we received a lot of 
feedback from outside groups, and I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1737 March 18, 2015 
going to place into the R ECORD after 
my remarks some letters we have re-ceived from groups opposing H.R. 1030 from organizations like the American Association for Justice, Public Citizen, the National Physicians Alliance, the International Society for Environ-mental Epidemiology, and others. 
Instead of working together to find a 
solution that increases transparency and access to federally funded research, the Secret Science Reform Act instead has the potential, in the long term, to compromise the health and well-being of Americans, and here is why: the Se-cret Science Reform Act, which looks simple on its face, will actually encum-ber, if not eradicate, the EPA’s ability to perform its most fundamental duty: protecting Americans from significant risks to their health and to the envi-ronment. 
Because H.R. 1030 would require that 
the EPA rely only on studies that are publicly available online in a manner that is sufficient for independent anal-ysis and substantial reproduction of re-search results, the act will prevent the agency from considering the best and most relevant science. 
The EPA relies on peer-reviewed 
science conducted by the brightest minds at our Nation’s universities and other research organizations. Large co-hort peer review studies, such as the American Cancer Society and Harvard Six Cities studies, which made an asso-ciation between air pollution and mor-tality, are vital to the Agency’s imple-mentation of the Clean Air Act. 
Let me be clear: the EPA does pub-
licly disclose which studies it relies on to support its regulatory actions. For good reason, it doesn’t make the raw data from these studies publicly avail-able. This bill before us today, if adopt-ed, would make it virtually impossible to use many reports and other sources of scientific data, such as those I men-tioned earlier. 
First, in many cases, the EPA cannot 
compel the release or disclosure of in-formation of which it is not the custo-dian. Second, confidentiality require-ments or other legal prohibitions on the sharing of certain types of data, like health information, would pre-clude studies from consideration sim-ply because they conform to common ethical and legal standards. 
Additionally, this act perpetuates 
the incorrect notion that the science relied on by the EPA is somehow hid-den. This misconception is based on conflating the meanings of ‘‘secret’’ and ‘‘confidential.’’ One thing should be made very clear: none of the infor-mation used by the EPA is secret. Some information might be confiden-tial—if it includes, for example, the personal health information of millions of Americans—as it should be. 
My colleagues supporting this bill 
argue that the data could be de-identi-fied to protect confidentiality and pri-vacy and concerns about disclosure of personal health information are un-founded, but according to a letter from the American Statistical Association, 
de-identification methods like strip-ping names and other personally iden-tifiable information do not often suf-fice to protect confidentiality. Stat-isticians and computer scientists have repeatedly shown how easy is to be re- identify an individual using social media and public records. 
The Secret Science Reform Act will 
have chilling consequences for the EPA and for every American who wants to enjoy clean air and clean water. Let’s bring back common sense and work to-gether. I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose this legislation and let the EPA go back to protecting the public health of all Americans. 
FEBRUARY 24, 2015. 
Hon. S UZANNE BONAMICI , 
Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Environ-
ment, Committee on Science, Space and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE BONAMICI : As the 
114th Congress gets underway and your Com-mittee considers its work ahead, I am writ-ing on behalf of the International Society for Environmental Epidemiology to respectfully request a reevaluation of previously intro-duced and House-passed legislation regarding access to research data. 
Last November, the House of Representa-
tives passed H.R. 4012, the Secret Science Re-form Act of 2014, a bill that our Society strongly opposed. Had it become law, H.R. 4012 would have prevented the EPA from pro-posing, finalizing, or disseminating regula-tions or assessments unless all underlying data were reproducible and made publicly available. In so doing, the legislation would have barred EPA from considering much of the best available science investigating the effects of the chemical, physical and micro-bial environment on human health, because many of the related findings are based on confidential data, such as private medical in-formation. Neither H.R. 4012, nor its com-panion, S. 2613, were considered in the Sen-ate. 
Our members support the sharing of epide-
miological data when its purpose is to ad-vance scientific knowledge and when data sharing protects the confidentiality of study subjects. We have participated in some of the largest data sharing efforts to advance sci-entific knowledge, and our Society has pro-mulgated transparent procedures that pro-tect patient confidentiality for assuring un-biased reanalysis of epidemiological data sets. Moreover, our members are developing and have applied new approaches to data sharing that both increase transparency and protect confidential information, with the objective of promoting rigorous evaluation of study results by other analysts. 
We would welcome the opportunity to dis-
cuss our work with you and how we are shar-ing data for reanalysis and the advancement of science, while also protecting subjects’ confidentiality. Furthermore, should legisla-tion similar to H.R. 4012 and S. 2613 be intro-duced in the 114th Congress, we would appre-ciate the opportunity to share our strong concerns over the bill’s likely impact on the privacy of individual study participants and on the scientific enterprise and human health. 
The International Society for Environ-
mental Epidemiology is an international or-ganization with members from more than 60 countries. Topics addressed by ISEE mem-bers include environmental exposures, health effects, methodology, environment- gene interactions, and ethics and law. We 
thank you for your time and look forward to working with Congress in the future. 
Sincerely, 
F
RANCINE LADEN , SC.D., 
President, International Society for 
Environmental Epidemiology. 
FEBRUARY 25 , 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chair, Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
Hon. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
Ranking Member, Committee on Science, Space 
and Technology, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIR AND RANKING MEMBER : We are 
writing in strong opposition to H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. The American Association for Justice (AAJ), for-merly the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (ATLA) with members in United States, Canada and abroad, is the world’s largest trial bar. It was established in 1946 to safeguard victims’ rights, strengthen the civil justice system, promote injury preven-tion and foster public health and safety of 
numerous individuals who have been harmed by unsafe chemicals. AAJ is an advocate for strong chemical safety regulation and healthy environment, in combination with a strong civil justice system in order to pro-tect the health and wellbeing of all Ameri-cans. In this capacity, AAJ robustly objects to the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. 
This legislation would severely limit the 
science that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) can consider while imple-menting public protections; upending numer-ous environmental statutes and longstanding Agency practices and is severely overbroad. In fact, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 may make it impossible for the EPA to regulate at all. The EPA would no longer be able to use most health studies including peer-reviewed research as a result of the lim-itation on using data that is not ‘‘publicly available’’. Many accurate and reliable health studies contain personal health data that is currently and rightfully protected. Under the Secret Science Act, however, these studies would be erroneously excluded from use by the EPA, substantially nar-rowing the science the EPA may relay when considering public safeguards. 
In addition, H.R. 1030 will also restrict the 
use of new and innovative science and well as long-term exposure studies. Oftentimes the newest and most innovative science and data may not be publically available. However, this shouldn’t mean that the EPA is pre-cluded from using it. Lastly, many of EPA’s standards rely on long-term exposure studies that assess the link between diseases and pollutants; or on meta analyses that com-bine many different studies. If the Secret Science Act of 2015 becomes law these stud-ies may also be barred from EPA use because they will be unable to be ‘‘substantially re-produced’’. The end result of this legislation is that the EPA will no longer be able to rely on the best science in order to protect Amer-ican health and the environment. 
We urge you to oppose the Secret Science 
Reform Act of 2015. This bill would seriously inhibit the EPA from protecting human health and the environment through its im-proper limitation on the use of sound science. 
Sincerely, 
L
INDA LIPSEN , 
Chief Executive Officer, 
American Association for Justice. 
MARCH 2, 2015 . 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned 
individuals and organizations working on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1738 March 18, 2015 
public health and science-informed regula-
tion strongly oppose the H.R. 1029 the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 and H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, to be considered by the House of Rep-resentatives this week. 
Both bills would severely undermine the 
ability of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to use the best available sci-entific evidence when making decisions re-garding the protection of public health and safety and the environment. 
When very similar bills were up for a vote 
in the House last November, the Administra-tion issued veto threats for both bills. The Administration stated that the Secret Science Reform Act would ‘‘greatly impede the EPA’s ability to use science to protect public health and the environment,’’ and warned that the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would ‘‘weaken the sci-entific independence and integrity of the SAB.’’ 
The erroneously named Secret Science Re-
form Act would tie the EPA’s hands by re-stricting the information it can use to de-velop protective regulations. The EPA could only regulate based on publicly available sci-entific data. This restriction would block the agency’s use of many different types of pub-lic health data, such as those for which pub-lic release would violate privacy protections, or data from corporations that are des-ignated as confidential business information. It also would restrict the use of scientific data that is not ‘‘reproducible.’’ This provi-sion seems to adopt a very narrow view of scientific information solely based on lab-oratory experiments. As major scientific so-cieties including the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) have noted, such a restriction would eliminate the use of most epidemiological and public health data, such as those regarding the pub-lic health impacts of air pollution, because these data are collected in long-term studies following individuals longitudinally. 
Not only do privacy concerns arise, but 
such studies are not inherently reproduced in the way a laboratory experiment or a clin-ical trial may be. It would be unethical to deliberately expose adults or children to air pollution merely to determine whether the increased rates of asthma and heart attacks caused by such exposures can be duplicated, or to encourage teenagers to smoke to re-as-sess the toxic effects of tobacco. 
The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform 
Act would greatly weaken the EPA’s advi-sory process, making it far more likely that recommendations from its independent Science Advisory Board (SAB) will be domi-nated by corporate special interests. This bill opens the door to increased corporate in-fluence on the Board, by encouraging the EPA to accept more SAB panelists with cor-porate ties. 
The bill’s overly broad restriction on SAB 
members with subject-matter expertise is equally counterproductive, and goes far be-yond the common-sense limits imposed by the National Academies. Unlike the 2014 bill, the 2015 bill does appear to permit SAB ex-perts with published, peer-reviewed research, to address those topics on which they have credentials, provided that their expertise is publicly disclosed. But the language in the bill is so vague that it raises many ques-tions. Generally, experts have developed their knowledge base over time, and not purely through peer-reviewed publications. How is an expert supposed to make that dis-tinction? What happens if a scientist relies on expertise that is not specifically per-mitted in the bill? Will there be legal rami-fications? Clearly, scientific experts will think twice before joining the SAB if it means they will have to consult their law-yers before they give advice. Even worse, the bill requires the SAB to 
remain in an endless loop soliciting public comment about the ‘‘state of the science’’ touching on every major advisory activity it undertakes and responding to nearly every comment before moving forward, without being limited by any time constraints. At 
best, the SAB will be reduced to busy work. At worst, the SAB’s assessments will address the concerns of corporations, not the desires of citizens for science-informed regulation that protects public health. 
These bills together will greatly impede 
the ability of EPA, and potentially other agencies, to utilize the best available science, independently reviewed, to inform regulations crucial to public health and the environment. 
We strongly urge you to vote No on The 
Secret Science Reform Act and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act. 
Sincerely, 
Center for Science and Democracy at the 
Union of Concerned Scientists; Annie Appleseed Project; Breast Cancer Ac-tion; Center for Medical Consumers; In-stitute for Ethics and Emerging Tech-nologies; Jacobs Institute of Women’s Health; National Center for Health Re-search; National Physicians Alliance; Our Bodies Ourselves; Public Citizen; Woodymatters; John H. Powers, MD, Associate Clinical Professor of Medi-cine; The George Washington Univer-sity School of Medicine; University of Maryland School of Medicine. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds before yielding to the gentleman from Texas. 
I would like to call Members’ atten-
tion to page 1, line 12 of this bill. Again, it is only two pages long. I hope everybody will take the time to read it. Line 12 of the first page points out that the Administrator of the EPA shall use the best available science. Once again, the bill actually calls upon the Admin-istrator to use the best available science. 
The question is: Why does the EPA 
want to hide this science? Why does it want to hide this data? Why won’t it let the American people see this data? That is the question of the hour. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), who is the chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Energy of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong sup-
port of H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. 
Last December, the EPA proposed a 
new regulation that is widely predicted to be the costliest regulation in U.S. history—I repeat, the costliest U.S. regulation in history. It would actually cost our economy $140 billion per year, according to the National Association of Manufacturers—manufacturers, you know, those who manufacture or make things. 
I like to say the things that make 
America great are the things that America makes. Likewise, in these hard economic times, more Americans will make it in America when more things are made in America. 
Therefore, regulations that hamper 
manufacturing should really be scruti-nized, and regulations that have such a 
big impact on our economy should not be based on secret science in order to sell it to the American people. Unfortu-nately, the EPA has prevented outside researchers from accessing the data be-hind recent regulatory decisions. The public is just supposed to trust the EPA. Apparently, their policy is trust, but evade your eyes; we want a policy that says trust, but verify. 
It is long past time that Congress in-
creases transparency into the EPA’s regulatory process. The Secret Science Reform Act would prohibit the EPA from proposing or finalizing regula-tions based upon science that is not transparent or available for inde-pendent review. Our constituents have a right to know whether EPA’s regula-tions are based on sound science and have the stated benefits the Agency claims they have. 
The legislation is simple, it is 
straightforward, and it is a message that government bureaucrats cannot propose costly regulations without the transparency that the American people deserve. We want more Americans and more American companies to make it in America. 
I want to thank Chairman S
MITH for 
bringing this important legislation to the floor today. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ), a scientist. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I am 
disappointed to be here once again speaking out against the Secret Science Reform Act. There are many problems that our Nation faces that we need to tackle—growing income in-equity, a badly broken immigration system, and underinvestment in Fed-eral research and development—so I am having a hard time understanding why congressional leaders think that this body, composed largely of lawyers and career politicians, should devote its at-tention to telling scientists how to conduct their research. 
We have heard many of these same 
politicians declare proudly, ‘‘I am not a scientist,’’ as they excuse their igno-rance on issues like climate change or the effectiveness of vaccines, yet they want to rewrite the rules for standards of research for EPA scientists. 
As a scientist myself, as well as a 
manufacturer, one who started a busi-ness that now provides hundreds of manufacturing jobs in the United States and has kept those jobs in the Midwest and understands what is im-
portant for manufacturing to succeed in the United States, I always value the input of experts over political rhet-oric. 
So what have the experts said about 
the Secret Science Reform Act? 
Today a letter was introduced into 
the R
ECORD from the American Asso-
ciation for the Advancement of Science, signed by 35 groups rep-resenting scientific organizations and research universities. In the letter, they state: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1739 March 18, 2015 
The research community is concerned 
about how some of the key terms in this bill could be interpreted or misinterpreted, espe-cially terms such as ‘‘materials,’’ ‘‘data,’’ and ‘‘reproducible.’’ 
Would the Environmental Protection 
Agency be excluded from utilizing research that involved physical specimens or biologi-cal materials that are not easily accessible? How would the Agency address research that combines both public and private data? 
These are all important questions 
that were not addressed when this bill was proposed last Congress and still re-main unaddressed today. So I continue to stand alongside thousands of my col-leagues in science in opposition to the Secret Science Reform Act. These are the standards that should be set by sci-entists and not by Washington politi-cians. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds before yielding to the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. Chairman, I almost feel like we 
ought to take a 5-minute recess and allow everybody a chance to read the bill, which, again, is only two pages long. 
There is nothing in this bill that tells 
scientists how to conduct their science. All the bill does is to say that the data should be publicly available and should be independently verified and let the American people see it—nothing more, nothing less. That is why, according to a public opinion poll, 90 percent of the American people support this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), who happens to be chair-
man of the Subcommittee on Oversight of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. I thank the 
chairman for the opportunity to speak on this very important bill. 
Mr. Chair, as I stand in the Chamber 
here, this historic Chamber, all around the top of the wall here are engraved images of great lawgivers who have in-fluenced this Nation and the great in-stitutions of government we have. As the Prime Minister of Israel pointed out, Moses is in the back, who gave us the natural laws our Founders referred to, but over my right shoulder, just above the rostrum, is the image of Thomas Jefferson. 
b1300 
Thomas Jefferson wrote about an-
other set of laws and rights that are given to us. He also wrote 27 griev-ances—27 violations—of either the nat-ural law that Moses wrote about or the natural rights of men that he wrote about in the Declaration of Independ-ence. These were grievances against the King of England for violations against the natural laws or the natural rights of men. 
The 10th grievance, ironically, that 
he wrote about can also be seen as a warning to where we are today in this Nation. The 10th grievance says that: 
The King has erected a multitude of new 
offices and sent hither swarms of officers to harass the people and eat out their sub-stance. What Jefferson was talking about 
was the multitude of regulations and regulatory agencies that the King of England had instituted here on the continent of North America. 
Over the past decades, we have seen a 
rampant growth not only in the num-ber of Federal agencies that have regu-latory authority over Americans, but the scope of the regulations, that they have impacted our very lives. Every moment of your day is in some way im-pacted by regulation—and I argue over-regulation—by the Federal Govern-ment. 
As we speak here today, the EPA is 
considering a decrease in the amount of acceptable ozone in our atmosphere, which is questionable. Many scientists have said that that level of ozone that they are trying to achieve is unachievable. Even some of the most remote areas of our Nation would not even be able to achieve that. These are areas that don’t have any type of in-dustry or significant population. 
The National Black Chamber of Com-
merce testified in a committee hearing the other day that this level of ozone in the regulation the EPA is trying to impose would have significant impact on the economy, especially small busi-ness owners and minority business owners. Most of their small businesses are in metropolitan areas. This over-regulation is eating out the substance of Americans. 
The Small Business & Entrepreneur-
ship Council recently testified that the 
average American pays $14,974 in hid-den taxes. These are taxes because of regulation by the Federal Government. That is $14,000 a year average Ameri-cans are spending out of their own pocket because of overregulation. Much of this is because of questionable science that is hidden and not trans-parent. That is 23 percent of their in-come. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. 
While this bill would not fix the over-
reach of this administration in their regulation, it will bring transparency— that the American people have a right to know that when their rights and their liberties are being restricted by government, that it is substantiated and it is sound science. 
I fully support this measure. It is one 
of the most important ones, I believe, that we will do in this Congress. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, for the second time in 
a 6-month period, we are considering legislation specifically designed to delay implementation of EPA regula-tions and prevent the EPA from using the best available scientific data. I know my friends on the other side 
of the aisle don’t like the EPA, and they don’t believe in sound science— they have made that very clear during the time that they have the majority— but this so-called Secret Science Re-form Act is a dangerous attack on the EPA’s ability to use the best available science to protect public health and our environment. 
Peer reviewed scientific research 
from our world class universities in-forms EPA rulemaking. To limit access to this research—and open the doors to industry-manipulated data—is just plain wrong. 
I have cosponsored an amendment of-
fered by my good friend J
OEKENNEDY  
to allow the EPA to continue relying upon peer reviewed scientific data. Boy, what a radical idea. This com-monsense amendment will ensure the EPA has access to the valuable re-search necessary to make sound deci-sions about our public health and envi-ronment. 
Mr. Chairman, there isn’t ‘‘secret 
science,’’ just science that my Repub-lican colleagues do not like. The con-tempt for science demonstrated by the Republican majority in this House is troublesome. Putting profits of a par-ticular industry ahead of the safety and well-being of our citizens by rig-ging the data is dangerous. 
People might wonder: Why are we de-
bating this bill here today? Well, I would suggest you follow the money, follow where the political campaign contributions are going. 
The notion that we, in this House, 
would disregard sound science and in-stead open the doors for profitmaking industries to come in and dictate what the rules and regulations are with re-gard to the safety and well-being of our citizens is just plain dangerous. 
I urge my colleagues, at the very 
least, support the Kennedy amendment and defeat the underlying legislation. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), who is a hard-
working member of the Science Com-mittee. 
Mr. BABIN. I thank the chairman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time to end the 
era of secret science within the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. This bill before us, H.R. 1030, does just that. 
As the Representative of a very di-
verse district in Texas with timber; ag-ricultural interests; four ports, includ-ing the Port of Houston; and more pe-trochemical plants than any other in the United States, I rise in strong sup-port of this bill. 
I cosponsored this bill because I be-
lieve that the American people deserve a greater level of accountability from the EPA and less bureaucratic regula-tion and dodging the facts. Let the facts speak for themselves. 
Transparency is one of the funda-
mental tenets of science. I have a biol-ogy degree. I have had plenty of science, chemistry, and physics—I am a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1740 March 18, 2015 
dentist—medicine. If they have the 
facts, there is no need to hide them. 
The EPA spends about $8 billion a 
year in taxpayer money, and I believe that the taxpayers of the United States have a right to know just how their hard-earned money is being spent. 
As new sets of data are created, I 
hope that this level of transparency will encourage researchers, companies, and nonprofits towards a greater level of openness. 
The President committed that his ad-
ministration would be the most trans-parent administration in history. Un-fortunately, I believe this administra-tion has fallen short of this goal. This bill is necessary to ensure that the American people have transparency in the Environmental Protection Agency. 
When the EPA overreaches, it costs 
Americans their jobs by putting U.S. workers at a competitive disadvantage. We need transparency and account-ability so that American workers and their families are protected. 
Let’s put an end to ‘‘secret science.’’ 
H.R. 1030 does exactly this, and I call on my colleagues to join me in voting for this bill. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachu-setts (Ms. C
LARK ). 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Chairman, this will be the second time that I have cosponsored an amendment to the Secret Science Reform Act with Representatives K
ENNEDY and M CGOV-
ERN. 
I have spoken in opposition to this 
bill before, but so long as the House continues to consider antiscience legis-lation that endangers public health, I will continue to point out why it is dangerous. 
As written, the Secret Science Re-
form Act prohibits the EPA from con-sidering any science that is not pub-licly available in its rulemaking proc-ess. A great deal of important research, particularly related to public health, is based on sensitive personal informa-tion that this bill would exclude from consideration. 
This limit poses an impossible choice 
for the EPA: disregard critical re-search—even when it has been subject to rigorous evaluation and peer re-view—or violate the privacy of volun-teers. 
Our amendment ensures that this 
will not happen. It simply provides that the EPA may rely on any peer re-viewed scientific publication when making rules, even if all of the under-lying data is not publicly available. This will protect the scientific integ-rity of the EPA’s process without en-dangering the privacy of Americans who participate in scientific research. 
Mr. Chairman, I include two letters 
in opposition to H.R. 1030 for the R
ECORD . One is from the Union of Con-
cerned Scientists and the other is from a coalition of environmental organiza-tions, including the Sierra Club and Clean Water Action. UNION OF CONCERNED SCIENTISTS , 
March 2, 2015. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : The Union of Con-
cerned Scientists, with 450,000 members and supporters throughout the country, strongly opposes H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, scheduled for a vote in the House of Representatives this week. The legislation represents a solution in search of a problem, and would greatly impede the agency’s mis-sion to protect public health and the envi-ronment. 
As you know, this bill is nearly identical 
to the bill that the Committee reported out last November. That bill received a veto threat from the Administration, which noted that it would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from protecting public health and safety and the environment, ‘‘if the data supporting [its] decisions cannot, for legitimate reasons, be made publicly available.’’ 
It appears that the language changes in 
the 2015 version of this bill were made to ob-scure the drafters’ true intent, making it more difficult to discern that it would crip-ple the ability of the EPA to regulate based on information supplied by industries that is designated confidential, or on public health and medical data where the privacy of pa-tients must be protected. 
The EPA already makes the data, method-
ology, and peer-reviewed research it relies on in its rule-making processes as transparent as possible. Moreover, the additional restric-tions imposed by this proposed bill would make it almost impossible to base public protections on the best available scientific information. In particular, if enacted, the language appears to indicate that the agency would be inhibited by the following chal-lenges: 
The EPA wouldn’t be able to use most 
health studies. The agency would likely be prevented from using any study that uses personal health data. The confidentiality of such data is usually protected by institu-tional review boards ORB); thus, the data could not be made publicly available as de-manded. Since many EPA rules are health- based standards, this rule would severely re-strict the ability of the agency to base rules on science. 
The EPA wouldn’t be able to draw from in-
dustry data sources. The agency would be prevented from using data provided by indus-try to the agency. Since information from industry sources is often not publicly avail-able, a law requiring as such would prevent the agency from utilizing industry data, a source of information that often provides otherwise unknown data to inform EPA rule- making. 
The EPA wouldn’t be able to use new and 
innovative science. New scientific methods and data may be restricted by intellectual property protections or industry trade secret exemptions. This proposed bill would limit EPA’s ability to rely on the best available science including novel approaches that may not yet be publicly available. 
Long-term and meta-analyses would be un-
available. Many of EPA’s health-based stand-ards rely on long-term exposure studies that assess the link between chronic diseases/ mortality and pollutants; or on meta- anal-yses that include many different studies and locations to provide a more robust look at 
the science. In HR 4012, the provision that studies be conducted ‘‘in a manner that is sufficient for independent analysis and sub-stantial reproduction of research’’ may pre-vent use of these vital studies by the EPA, as it is unclear whether such spatially and tem-porally comprehensive studies would be con-sidered ‘‘sufficient for substantial reproduc-tion.’’ 
I strongly urge you to oppose H.R. 1030, the 
Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. The pro-posed bill would inhibit the EPA’s ability to 
carry out its science-based mission to pro-tect human health and the environment. It does not deserve your or this Congress’s sup-port. 
Sincerely, 
A
NDREW A. R OSENBERG , PH.D., 
Director, Center for Science and 
Democracy, Union of Concerned Scientists. 
MARCH 16, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our 
millions of members and supporters we strongly urge you to oppose the ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act of 2015’’ (HR), the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’. Collectively, these misleadingly named bills would radically diminish EPA’s ability to protect public health. Under these bills, EPA would be required to ignore significant science; the Scientific Advisory Board would be required to ignore conflicts of interest; and enforcement officials would be required to ignore pollution emitted in violation of 
the law. These bills are broadly written and would have damaging impacts far in excess of what their sponsors will admit. 
The ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act is based 
on a faulty premise. Its notion of ‘‘secret science,’’ based on claims about studies of fine soot pollution conducted almost two decades ago, is unfounded despite lengthy congressional inquiries. The bill would deny EPA the ability to rely upon peer-reviewed medical studies that involve commitments to patient confidentiality, when the agency carries out its statutory responsibilities to safeguard public health and the environ-ment. Further, this bill would effectively amend numerous environmental statutes by forbidding EPA to use certain kinds of stud-ies in setting health standards. It would also make it impossible for EPA to use many kinds of economic models it routinely relies on because those models are proprietary. This marks a radical departure from long-standing practices. Its end result would be to make it much more difficult to protect the public by forcing EPA to ignore key sci-entific studies. 
Science Advisory Board bill would attack 
EPA’s scientific process in a different way. The worst provision would mandate allowing the participation of scientists with financial conflicts of interest, as long as those con-flicts are disclosed. This is inconsistent with a set of nearly universally accepted sci-entific principles to eliminate or limit finan-cial conflicts. This bill would significantly weaken the content and credibility of the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) reviews—a textbook example of making a government program function poorly to the benefit of polluting industries and at the expense of public health and independent science. The bill will add unnecessary new burdens on the SAB, distorting its mission and altering its process with no benefit to EPA or the public. The bill also significantly broadens the scope of the SAB and creates a comment process that will add needless delay to the Board’s work. The result would be further stalling and undermining of important public health, safety, and environmental protections. 
This legislation will obstruct the imple-
mentation and enforcement of critical envi-ronmental statutes, undermine the EPA’s ability to consider and use science, and jeop-ardize public health. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose these bills. 
Sincerely, 
BlueGreen Alliance, Center for Effective 
Government, Clean Water Action, De-fenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Envi-ronmental Defense Fund, Friends of the Earth, Greenpeace, League of Con-servation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, Physicians for Social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1741 March 18, 2015 
Responsibility, Sierra Club, Union of 
Concerned Scientists. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Kennedy amendment and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), who is a 
former chairman of the Environment Subcommittee of the Science Com-mittee. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I thank Chair-
man S
MITH for yielding, and to all my 
friends, I miss all of you, but are we having that sense of de ´ja`vu all over 
again? Have you ever started listening to a debate and you are starting to think: Are we discussing two com-pletely separate pieces of legislation here? 
Mr. Chair, this isn’t that com-
plicated. So far, I have got to tell you, this debate—and this is going to be a little harsh—has been absolutely intel-lectually vacuous because we are not saying things that are true. Let’s try one more time—no, Madam Ranking Member, you are not. So let’s try it one more time. 
What does the piece of legislation do? 
It is public policy made by public data, public data by public policy. Why is that so terrifying to the left? This con-cept of, well, there’s personal medical records used for part of this—there are. 
That is why this White House, 3 or 4 
years ago, did a series of memos in-structing how to do the deidentification of personal data. 
If you really object to that, then I 
am sure you are going to stand up and start saying that the FDA, the CFPB, 
all the others that get personal data, you don’t want them to touch that ei-ther. Come on, a little intellectual con-sistency here, let’s try it. 
Something I chose not to do when we 
ran this bill last time—and I am going to do this time—is that I will submit at a later time into the R
ECORD a handful 
of memos coming from my office from when this body was controlled by the Democrats and there was a Republican in the White House. 
The Democrats were demanding this 
of the White House—and a series of senior Democrat officials—demanding this type of disclosure to make public policy. I think that would be sort of amusing to put into the public record, so folks can see how duplicitous this argument has started to become. 
Now, back to sort of an underlying 
principle that I embraced—and I hope all those who actually are not at war with science and want to embrace the complete aggregation of information— is that we need to walk away from this arrogance that there is a small subset in our society that absolutely knows everything. 
Because the fact of the matter is you 
put up a study today and a handful of smart folks at K
ENNEDY ’S—do you rep-
resent MIT? Sorry. That is where all the really smart kids are, right? 
But people like Arizona State, the 
next smartest school in the Nation, why can’t they take that data set and 
bounce it up against studies they are doing? Why can’t an industry group, why can’t an environmental group, why can’t an academic group, why can’t someone who just really likes statistics? 
What you are basically saying is all 
information, all knowledge, is housed in a tiny population and the rest of the world be damned. 
There is a crowdsourcing concept of 
refining, and here is where I am fas-cinated that the left hasn’t caught on. This bill, this piece of legislation may come back to us and say: EPA, you are actually not doing enough. 
It could actually come back and say: 
When we make the data public, when we bounce it up against other data sources, when we do other latitudinal studies, we may find we are not doing enough. We may find there is a much better way to do a regulation set. 
I would think, actually, in the mod-
ern world, where we know information is providing us so many opportunities, why aren’t we embracing that? Why has that become partisan? 
b1315 
There are actually also a couple of 
other things that have been said from behind the microphone across the aisle that we need to, one more time, restate honestly. 
What if a data set is provided by in-
dustry? 
One of the biggest complaints in the 
past said, Well, if a Republican Presi-dent had a Republican EPA and they used industry data to set up a reg— guess what? That falls under this same piece of legislation. That also is dis-closed. All data that is used to create public policy is public. 
Why does this terrify the left so 
much, public policy by public data and public data by public policy, and then the opportunity for everyone who takes an interest in this to be able to refine it and make it better and make it more efficient and more healthy for our families, for our environment, for our economy, instead of a small, arro-gant population controlling all knowl-edge and all information? 
The CHAIR. The Chair will remind 
Members to address their remarks to the Chair. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
am prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have no further requests for time, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
First of all, I would like to thank 
Science Committee member and Envi-ronment Subcommittee Chairman D
AVID SCHWEIKERT for his great efforts 
on this particular subject. Our goal is to help advance not just any science, 
but the best science. 
Costly environmental regulations 
should only be based upon data that is available to independent scientists and the public and that can be verified. H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, gives independent sci-entists an opportunity to validate the studies EPA uses to make new regula-tions. 
In 2012, the President’s own science 
adviser testified that, ‘‘absolutely, the data on which regulatory decisions are based should be made available to the committee and should be made public.’’ 
The chair of EPA’s Science Advisory 
Board testified that EPA’s advisers recommend ‘‘that literature and data used by EPA be peer reviewed and be made available to the public.’’ 
Let me repeat. The chair of EPA’s 
own Science Advisory Board said the data EPA relies upon should be public. 
And a recent poll from the Institute 
for Energy Research found that 90 per-cent of Americans agree that studies and data used to make Federal Govern-ment decisions should be public. 
Relying on public data prevents the 
manipulation of scientific evidence. So this bill is no different from any other sunshine law, such as the Freedom of Information Act. 
It doesn’t roll back the laws that pro-
tect the air we breathe and the water we drink; it simply requires the EPA to use the best available science when it makes new regulations. 
In other words, the EPA should rely 
upon good science, not science fiction. 
The bill does not change or repeal 
critical privacy laws that prevent the EPA from releasing confidential infor-mation. It does not give the EPA any new authority to take private informa-tion and make it public. In fact, it pro-hibits that. 
In a democratic society, regulations 
should not be based upon undisclosed data. Maybe in Putin’s Russia, but not in the United States of America. Undis-closed data rightfully raises a lot of suspicions. 
Actually, this bill is more than just 
about data. It is about an agency that apparently doesn’t trust the American people. The EPA thinks it knows bet-ter than the American people what is good for them. 
It is time to change that mindset. It 
is time to restore faith in our govern-ment and return the power to the peo-ple. It is time for honesty, and it is past time to ensure that the EPA bases their regulations on data that is pub-lic. The American people deserve to see the data. 
Let us not forget the President also 
asked for this. H.R. 1030 ensures the speedy implementation of President Obama’s Executive Order 13536, to give the public access to federally funded science. 
This bill supports the administra-
tion’s commitment to open science, but now they threaten to veto it. It makes you wonder what the administration is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1742 March 18, 2015 
trying to hide and whether you can be-
lieve what they say. 
If you support this administration’s 
promise to be the most transparent in history and want to make the EPA’s data public, then support H.R. 1030. 
Mr. Chairman, finally, there are 
three questions that those who are op-posed either can’t answer or won’t an-swer: 
One, what is the EPA hiding? Two, why won’t they make the data 
public? 
And three, why doesn’t the EPA trust 
the American people? 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–11. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1030 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Science 
Reform Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DATA TRANSPARENCY. 
Section 6(b) of the Environmental Research, 
Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 4363 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) The Administrator shall not propose, 
finalize, or disseminate a covered action unless all scientific and technical information relied on to support such covered action is— 
‘‘(A) the best available science; ‘‘(B) specifically identified; and ‘‘(C) publicly available online in a manner 
that is sufficient for independent analysis and substantial reproduction of research results. 
‘‘(2) Nothing in the subsection shall be con-
strued as— 
‘‘(A) requiring the Administrator to dissemi-
nate scientific and technical information; or 
‘‘(B) superseding any nondiscretionary statu-
tory requirement. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘covered action’ means a risk, 
exposure, or hazard assessment, criteria docu-ment, standard, limitation, regulation, regu-latory impact analysis, or guidance; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘scientific and technical infor-
mation’ includes— 
‘‘(i) materials, data, and associated protocols 
necessary to understand, assess, and extend conclusions; 
‘‘(ii) computer codes and models involved in 
the creation and analysis of such information; 
‘‘(iii) recorded factual materials; and ‘‘(iv) detailed descriptions of how to access 
and use such information. 
‘‘(4) The Administrator shall carry out this 
subsection in a manner that does not exceed $1,000,000 per fiscal year, to be derived from amounts otherwise authorized to be appro-priated.’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 
37. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–37. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 2, lines 21 through 24, amend para-
graph (4) to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) There are authorized to be appro-
priated to the Administrator to carry out this subsection $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 138, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Maryland. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of my amendment to H.R. 1030, the so-called Secret Science Re-form Act. 
Let me just say first that I am op-
posed to the bill and the underlying premise that there is not good science, good research, and good data being gathered by the EPA. 
Unfortunately, this bill would force 
the EPA to choose between protecting our health and environment and main-taining the privacy of patient medical records and the confidentiality of busi-ness records. 
But my amendment highlights one 
issue that, to me, makes a mockery of this entire effort. The bill, as written, currently gives the EPA only $1 mil-lion per year to carry out the provi-sions in the bill. 
It wouldn’t be so bad except that the 
Congressional Budget Office estimates the cost of the bill to be $250 million per year to implement the bill. 
I know, Mr. Chairman, that you per-
haps think that you did not hear me correctly. But to put this disparity in some perspective, the Congressional Budget Office is estimating that imple-menting this bill would cost 25,000 per-cent more than the majority is pro-viding. 
Now I understand why the majority 
is doing this. They don’t want to pass legislation that costs anything to im-plement. It wouldn’t be fiscally con-servative. 
Now, I am not a math major, but 
simple math tells me that if a bill is $1 million in the text but costs $250 mil-lion to implement, you are asking the EPA to undertake $250 million of work with $1 million—not exactly fiscally or legislatively conservative or sound. More importantly, it forces the Agen-
cy into an untenable position. They must either ignore the requirements of this legislation because the majority isn’t providing them with the resources to carry them out, or they can comply with the requirements for—and Mr. Chairman, hold your breath—they could comply with the requirements for 1
1⁄2days. That is what the funding 
would allow: $1 million, 11⁄2days, and 
then shut down all of the covered ac-tions under the bill. 
So I know we think it might be 
laughable, except that it is true. But if the majority really believes in the premise behind this legislation, which I do not, then the majority should pro-vide the Agency with the $250 million annually that, at a minimum, the Agency would need to carry out this bill. 
Those are not my estimates. Those 
are the estimates of the independent Congressional Budget Office. 
I am opposed to the bill for a number 
of reasons, and most likely, my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle would disagree with me on those points. However, I have a hard time be-
lieving that any responsible Member of Congress who supports fiscal conserv-atism would consciously support a bill that is guaranteed, absolutely guaran-teed to cause failure. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
my amendment and not allow this bill to move forward with an unfunded mandate to the Agency. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
do thank my colleague, the gentle-woman from Maryland, for her amend-ment, but I must oppose it. 
This amendment would allow the En-
vironmental Protection Agency to con-tinue its practice of hiding data from the American people. 
This amendment is based upon what 
appears to be a misreading of the bill that has resulted in an inaccurate score by the Congressional Budget Of-fice. In fact, the statutory language di-rectly contradicts the CBO’s analysis, and here is why. 
For its analysis, CBO assumed that 
the bill requires the EPA to collect and disseminate the underlying data of the science it relies upon. Through some unknown calculation, CBO then came up with a $250 million price tag for the collection and dissemination of the data. 
However, the bill does not require the 
collection and dissemination of infor-mation. It simply says that the EPA must use data that is public and avail-able to independent scientists. 
The bill itself states that there is no 
requirement for the EPA to dissemi-nate scientific and technical informa-tion. Again, I urge my colleagues to read the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1743 March 18, 2015 
So let me say it again. This bill does 
not require the EPA to disseminate in-formation. It simply says that, when the EPA decides to regulate, it needs to rely on the best available science that is publicly available for inde-pendent verification and review. 
So the CBO is way off base—not for 
the first time—and, therefore, so is this amendment. 
CBO’s cost estimate also contradicts 
the clear statutory bill language, which reads: ‘‘The Administrator shall carry out this subsection in a manner that does not exceed $1 million per fis-cal year to be derived from amounts otherwise authorized to be appro-priated.’’ 
When the CBO says that under this 
legislation the EPA will have to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to col-lect and disseminate new data, that is clearly inconsistent with the language and intent of the bill. So the CBO’s cost estimate is meaningless. 
But let’s assume that the EPA de-
cides it must collect and disseminate the data itself. EPA has an $8 billion budget. It spends more than $20 million of taxpayer money every day to issue regulations that cost taxpayers tens of billions of dollars every year. And the President has asked Congress for an in-crease of $50 million for the Agency this year. 
Surely the EPA can base its rules on 
science that is transparent and avail-able to everyone, and do it with funds from its already massive budget. A Federal agency that spends over $8 bil-lion a year in taxpayer money should be able to afford to honor the public’s right to know. 
This amendment would allow the 
EPA to continue business as usual and would ignore congressional intent and statutory language. For these reasons, I oppose the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, so we 
know that the EPA’s jurisdiction is to make sure that we have clean water and clean air. That is sort of the basics of it. 
And now we are hearing from the ma-
jority, Mr. Chairman, that not only do they not believe the science and they think it is secret, they also don’t be-lieve the Congressional Budget Office. 
But for the fact that we cannot pick 
and choose which numbers we believe out of the Congressional Budget Office, the fact is that the Congressional Budget Office, not just this year but in the last term as well, said that this bill would cost American taxpayers $250 million if the Agency were imple-menting it according to the legislative language. So I don’t think that the ma-jority should be allowed to pick and choose its science or pick and choose its numbers. 
The Congressional Budget Office, in 
fact, has said that this bill would cost $250 million to implement, more than 25,000 times the amount that is author-ized in the language, and I think it is unacceptable for us to just denigrate 
the EPA, say that it is engaged in se-cret science, and then tell them that we want you to implement a bill with-out providing the resources that it takes to do it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time 
as she may consume to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON ), my colleague and the rank-
ing Democrat on the committee. 
b1330 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentlelady, and I fully support her amendment. 
EPA normally relies upon approxi-
mately 50,000 scientific studies each year to support these actions. The Con-gressional Budget Office estimated that if EPA were to cut the amount of studies they considered in half, it would still cost the Agency roughly $250 million annually to comply with this legislation. 
This bill will effectively require EPA 
to pay more in order to do less, yet my colleagues are only providing EPA with $1 million annually to comply with the provisions of this bill. 
This forces EPA into a lose-lose situ-
ation. Either drastically limit the amount of science used to protect the public health and the environment or spend hundreds of millions of dollars per year ensuring that the job is done right. 
I think this legislation is seriously 
misguided. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of the time. 
Mr. Chairman I really don’t know 
why it is so difficult to read this bill. It is only two pages long. And those who are concerned about the cost ought to recognize—or I hope they have realized and seen—that the bill this year reads differently than the bill last year. 
And what I would like to do is read 
to those who are opposed who raised the cost issue. Look at lines 17 and 18 of page 1 and lines 1 and 2 of page 2. They read as follows: ‘‘Nothing in the subsection shall be construed as requir-ing the Administrator to disseminate scientific and technical information.’’ 
I hope that allays their concerns. But 
it is always nice to hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle so con-cerned about the cost of legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, contrary to the CBO 
estimate, H.R. 1030 does not require the EPA to disseminate information. It re-quires the EPA to base their regula-tions on data that is public so that all Americans are better informed about the regulations that affect their daily lives. 
Americans deserve all the facts, and 
they deserve all the data. They have the right to know if the regulations they are forced to live under are justi-fied by sound science. 
The EPA spends over $8 billion a 
year. Surely it can base its rules on science that is transparent and avail-
able to everyone. 
For these reasons, I oppose the 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Maryland will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–37. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. ENSURING THE USE OF THE BEST 
SCIENCE. 
Nothing in this Act shall prevent the Ad-
ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from considering or relying upon any peer-reviewed scientific publication even if such publication is based on data that is pro-hibited from public disclosure. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 138, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 4 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I echo the comments 
of my colleagues about the importance of transparency that we have heard over the course of this debate. An open government with transparent rules and regulations is at the very core of our democracy. But I am discouraged and disappointed that we are having this debate yet again, especially on a bill that undermines science even more dramatically than last year’s version. 
When this country’s greatest minds 
come together to tackle our greatest problems, we are a stronger nation. Whether we are talking about achieve-ments in cancer treatment or clean water, science makes us healthier, more innovative, and more competi-tive. Unfortunately, the bill we are considering today takes science off the table for the EPA, the very Agency en-trusted with keeping our air clean, our water safe, and our homes clear of toxic substances. 
The bill before us leaves EPA with 
unworkable standards, prohibiting it from using certain studies simply be-cause they include information that, by law, cannot be made public, such as people’s personal health records. 
My amendment does a very simple 
thing. It fixes that oversight by clari-fying that the EPA should use the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1744 March 18, 2015 
reliable scientific information avail-
able, regardless of whether that can be publicly disclosed. 
The Congressional Budget Office esti-
mates that the EPA relies on about 50,000 scientific studies every year. As written, H.R. 1030 would drastically shrink this number. The bill before us could even prohibit the EPA from using other government-funded re-search, like NIH studies that link toxic substances to premature births or CDC research on mitigating the impact of natural disasters on public health. 
Furthermore, there are several pro-
tections in place already to ensure the science the EPA uses is properly vetted and credited. First, any and all studies go through a significant peer review process, including an independent anal-ysis. Second, Mr. Chairman, the Office of Science and Technology Policy is al-ready working to ensure that all pub-licly funded research is available on-line. Third, public comment periods allow for anyone, an individual or orga-nization, to submit evidence sup-porting or opposing a proposed regula-tion. However, this bill would actually put limits on the public comment pe-riod. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation jeop-
ardizes our clean air, our clean water, and the health of our families. I urge the House to accept my amendment to clarify that the EPA may use the most reliable science available. 
I would also like to thank my col-
leagues from Massachusetts, Congress-man J
IMMCGOVERN and K ATHERINE  
CLARK , and the ranking member of the 
committee for their support of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
first of all, I want to thank my col-league and friend from Massachusetts for offering this amendment, but I must oppose it. 
The gentleman’s amendment implies 
that the bill does something that, in fact, it does not. The amendment also creates a loophole the EPA Adminis-trator could easily exploit. 
First, by stating that nothing in the 
act prevents the EPA from considering or relying upon peer reviewed science, the amendment appears to imply that the bill would do otherwise. This is simply not true. 
The EPA, through its implementa-
tion of the Information Quality Act, is already required to rely on peer re-viewed information. Nothing in this legislation changes that. 
What this bill would accomplish—and 
what the gentleman’s amendment would undermine—is to ensure that the science the EPA relies upon is publicly available and verifiable. 
Independent scientists don’t have an 
opportunity to examine the assump-tions and methodologies that EPA re-lies upon when it makes public regula-
tions. It is time for the EPA to show its work and come out into the day-light. Peer review alone is not a suffi-cient check. Peer reviewers are not al-ways provided the underlying data, and the quality of peer review is highly variable. 
The simple premise behind H.R. 1030 
is that public policy should be backed up by public data. Peer review alone does not allow independent scientists to verify the EPA’s claims. 
This amendment would destroy the 
purpose of the bill and provide the EPA Administrator with permission to dis-regard the basic principles of trans-parency and accountability that are provided by H.R. 1030. For these rea-sons, I oppose the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, if I 
could inquire into the time that I have remaining. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Massachusetts has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to begin by thanking the chairman of the committee, my friend from Texas, for his friendship and for the work that he has been doing. I know that we share the same goal of having a trans-parent government and a transparent enforcement mechanism. Unfortu-nately, I think he and I have come to disagree on the underlying impact of my amendment and the underlying bill itself. 
The EPA—the goal of this amend-
ment is to make sure that they are able to rely on the most sound, reliable information available. We heard from the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ), my colleague, earlier that 
there are already constraints put in place by this legislation that limit the EPA from doing so should this bill 
pass. 
My amendment takes up that same 
challenge and tries to make sure that when we are making rules and regula-tions that are going to impact our soci-ety that we are using the best data that is available. All of that data and all of those studies must be peer re-viewed. There is a process which the EPA goes through that is publicly available and not actually under any 
sort of challenge because the under-lying bill here doesn’t say that that peer review process is flawed. 
So if we take it as given, then, that 
that peer review process is sound and is strong and can be relied upon, then the issue is the underlying data. And what we have seen here is an effort to try to ensure that, yes, the analysis and the method for the inquiry is actually available, but the underlying data that can contain people’s personal health records, that can contain personally identifiable information is kept private to not expose people to the dissemina-tion of data that they never even knew was going to be publicly available. 
That is the sole point of this amend-
ment: to ensure that our government is using information for the highest and 
best use as we promulgate rules and regulations that are going to impact the American people—nothing less, nothing more. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just say to my friend from Mas-sachusetts that I appreciate his com-ments and his friendship as well. While we agree on many things, we do happen to disagree on this one amendment. 
Let me also say that I wish he was 
still a member of the Science Com-mittee, and he would be welcomed back any time. 
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman’s 
amendment would allow the EPA to continue to hide the data it says justi-fies its regulations. 
Peer review does not allow inde-
pendent scientists to verify the EPA’s claims. It is not a sufficient check to ensure that the EPA uses the best science available. 
H.R. 1030 promotes the fundamental 
principles of transparency and account-ability. This amendment would make it harder to achieve that goal. 
Giving independent scientists an op-
portunity to examine the data that the EPA relies upon when it makes public regulations will ensure transparency and accountability. 
Public policy should be backed up by 
public data. Peer review alone will not give the American people all the facts. 
Americans deserve access to this 
data. They have the right to know if the regulations paid for with their tax dollars are based upon the best science available. 
For these reasons, I oppose the 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now re-sume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114–37 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Ms. E
DWARDS of 
Maryland. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. K ENNEDY of 
Massachusetts. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1745 March 18, 2015 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 164, noes 254, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 122] 
AYES—164 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—254 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook 
Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Fudge Graves (MO) Hinojosa Hurd (TX) Kaptur Kelly (IL) 
Luetkemeyer Payne Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Young (IN) 
b1408 
Messrs. FLORES, DUFFY, 
WALBERG, ABRAHAM, MILLER of Florida, WALZ, and YOUNG of Alaska changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Mrs. 
TORRES, and Messrs. ISRAEL and PASCRELL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chair, on rollcall 
No. 122 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes 
prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2-minute 
vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 231, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 123] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—231 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1746 March 18, 2015 
Carter (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Ashford 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Graves (MO) Grothman Hinojosa Holding 
Kaptur Loudermilk Palazzo Payne Roskam Sanchez, Loretta 
Schock Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Young (IN) 
b1412 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
123 I was detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
123 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-
mittee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or dissemi-nating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not trans-parent or reproducible, and, pursuant to House Resolution 138, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
The question is on the amendment in 
the nature of a substitute. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. TAKAI. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Takai moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
1030 to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 3. PROTECTING TAXPAYERS FROM SCIENCE 
PROMOTED BY POLLUTING COMPA-NIES. 
Under the amendment made by section 2, 
the Environmental Protection Agency shall not rely on advice from any scientist whose primary source of research funds comes from corporations or individuals convicted of major environmental crimes, including the release of toxic pollutants into safe drinking water, refusal to clean up Superfund waste sites, or violations from the release of air pollutants that endanger human health and safety. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT (during the read-
ing). Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Hawaii is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, this is the 
final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill would im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, this amendment is sim-
ple. It would prohibit the EPA from re-lying on advice from any scientist whose primary source of research fund-ing comes from corporations or indi-viduals convicted of major environ-
mental crimes. The Democratic motion to recommit would help ensure the in-tegrity and the independence of the EPA’s scientific review process by pro-hibiting the reliance on advice from those who are funded by the biggest abusers of our environment. 
H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform 
Act, would impose arbitrary, unneces-sary, and expensive requirements that would seriously impede the EPA’s abil-ity to use science to protect public health and the environment, as re-quired under an array of environmental laws, while increasing uncertainty for businesses and States. This bill would stack the cards in favor of industry- backed data studies rather than the most reliable studies. In doing so, it will prevent the EPA from using the best data possible to make decisions. 
Think about 50 years of tobacco- 
backed studies that lied about the ef-fects of cigarette smoking in order to avoid labeling, regulation, and fines. That is the type of data that this bill wants the EPA to rely on to make deci-sions about our environment—indus-try-backed data that shifts the favor to polluters, climate deniers, and those who do not have the best interests of public health and our environment in mind. This amendment would make sure that this data does not come from corporations or individuals who show disregard for our environmental laws, which is the main reason the EPA ex-ists in the first place. 
Consequences of H.R. 1030 could in-
clude the public release of industry- funded studies and data intended to bias the body of scientific evidence that the EPA is allowed to consider to-wards a particular industry position. For example, research that shows ar-senic, mercury, or benzene is not bad for you could be in the majority of studies the EPA is allowed to base its recommendations and regulations on. 
Unfortunately, Republicans will 
claim that this bill increases the EPA’s transparency and accountability by en-suring that its regulations are based on public data that can be verified and re-produced. In reality, this bill would prevent the EPA from functioning ef-fectively and from using the most rel-evant scientific data, including data that is legally protected from public disclosure. 
An effort to limit the scope of 
science that can be considered by the EPA does not strengthen scientific in-tegrity but undermines it. The EPA re-lies on peer reviewed scientific re-search from our universities as the backbone of its mission to protect pub-lic health and our environment. This amendment ensures that this data does not come from sources that routinely break our environmental laws. Because clinicians and researchers are legally prohibited from making the data pub-licly available, if this bill becomes law, the EPA would be forced to ignore this valuable research when protecting the public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1747 March 18, 2015 
At no point does this bill make the 
public safer, which is the fundamental function of government. The Secret Science Reform Act would only reduce the science available to the EPA on some of the most important decisions it makes. 
Mr. Speaker, over 30 of the most re-
spected groups that are dedicated to scientific and health research have op-posed this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. However, be-fore doing so, I urge my colleagues to vote for this commonsense amendment to this bill. 
Again, all this amendment does is 
prohibit the EPA from relying on ad-vice from any scientist whose primary source of research funding comes from corporations or individuals convicted of major environmental crimes. This ensures the integrity and independence of the EPA’s scientific review process by prohibiting advice from those who are funded by the biggest abusers of our environment. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of the Democratic motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I 
withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, to 
the gentleman from Hawaii, whom I have not actually had the chance to make friends with yet, you are actu-ally hitting on one really good point: If there is data being used by bad actors, shouldn’t we all know it? 
The way the EPA operates right now 
with their keeping their data sets se-cret, none of you are going to get to know that. That is actually what this 
piece of legislation fixes. If there is going to be data of groups that are bad actors—industries that you consider dodgy—wouldn’t it be a wonderful thing to have that data available for everyone, whether you be on the right or whether you be on the left, so it can be refined by sunshine? so it can be re-viewed and meshed up against other data sets? 
If you believe that making informa-
tion public refines it, if you believe public policy should be made by public data and public data should be avail-able in the making of public policy, you like this piece of legislation. 
What is so fascinating in the debate 
we have had this time and last year is that I have a number of memos, de-mand letters, threats of subpoenas from when the left in this body was in both the majority and the minority, but there was a Republican President who was demanding this type of legis-lation. Let’s try something new around here: a little bit of intellectual consist-ency. Do you believe the public—the re-
searchers, the scientists, those who are academics, those who just have an in-terest in the subject area—should have the right to touch the data, to model it, to stress it, to put it up against other data sets and see if we are doing what is best for our environment? Are we doing it the best way? Is there a better way? Is there a more efficient way? Is there a more cost-effective way? That is what this bill accom-plishes, and I have no idea why my brothers and sisters on the left are so fearful of that. 
As I yield back, I beg all of my fellow 
Members here to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation but to vote ‘‘no’’ on this motion to recommit. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 239, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 124] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1748 March 18, 2015 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Castor (FL) Fudge Graves (MO) Hinojosa Kaptur 
Payne Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Young (IN) 
b1432 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 175, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 125] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—175 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Fudge 
Graves (MO) Himes Hinojosa Kaptur 
Pascrell Payne Peters Roskam 
Sanchez, Loretta Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) 
Van Hollen Walker 
Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1439 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
125 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, on March 
18, 2015, I was unavoidably detained and missed one vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 125. 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be 
present to cast my vote on passage of H.R. 1030—The Secret Science Reform Act. I wish the record to reflect my intentions had I been able to vote. Had I been present for rollcall No. 125, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
NATIONAL AGRICULTURE DAY 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, as a 
third-generation farmer from Wash-ington State, I am amazed by the level of progress our Nation’s agricultural community has made, even in just my lifetime. It is because of this great progress that today we celebrate March 18 as National Agriculture Day. 
Few people realize that during the 
1960s the average American farmer fed 25 people. Today it is 144 people. The difference is that today our farmers are growing more disease- and pest-resist-ant crops that require less water and pesticides and better conserve our nat-ural resources. Advancements in tech-nology and technique have allowed our farmers to continue the long-held tra-dition of caring for the land they use and the people they grow for. 
On National Agriculture Day, please 
join me in recognizing our farming community and the essential role they continue to fill in feeding our Nation and the world. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. WILLIAM 
E. ‘‘BRIT’’ KIRWAN UPON HIS RE-TIREMENT AS CHANCELLOR OF THE UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF MARYLAND 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1749 March 18, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
pay tribute to one of our Nation’s greatest higher education leaders and a great advocate for accessible quality higher education. He is a dear friend and a colleague of mine for the last 40 years. 
On June 30, Dr. William E. ‘‘Brit’’ 
Kirwan will retire after 12 years as chancellor of the University System of Maryland. Under his leadership, the University System has transformed from being a national leader in public higher education into a national model in several areas; these include campus diversity, academic innovation, and ef-forts to close the achievement gap. 
There is, of course, a lot I could say, 
Mr. Speaker, to my colleagues about Dr. Kirwan’s distinguished career and commitment to improving higher edu-cation across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, on June 30, Dr. William E. 
‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan, who has served as chancellor of the University System of Maryland (USM) for more than twelve years, will retire after a career dedicated to advancing higher edu-cation. 
Dr. Kirwan has left his mark on academia 
and the State of Maryland in a way few oth-ers have. After a quarter-century as an edu-cator and administrator at the University of Maryland, he was President of the Univer-sity of Maryland, College Park, before serv-ing as President of The Ohio State Univer-sity. Later, he returned to Maryland to as-sume the position of USM Chancellor. Com-mon threads throughout his fifty-one-year career in public higher education include an unwavering commitment to affordability, a passion for excellence, and a drive to in-crease access, especially for underrep-resented minorities and low-income stu-dents. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kirwan’s leadership has 
helped move the USM from a national leader in public higher education to a national model in several areas. The USM’s groundbreaking Effectiveness and Efficiency (E&E) initiative—a reengineering of admin-istrative and academic processes to cut costs and improve quality—has been profiled in national publications and specifically cited by President Obama. The ‘‘Closing the Achievement Gap’’ Initiative, which USM launched in 2007, targets the gap in college participation, retention, and graduation rates between low-income students, first- generation college students, and underrep-resented minorities, on one hand, and the general student population on the other. With this enhanced focus, these gaps in di-versity have been narrowed—and even elimi-nated—on some USM campuses. 
As President of the University of Mary-
land, College Park, Dr. Kirwan helped make that institution one of the most diverse pub-lic research universities in the United States. As President of The Ohio State Uni-versity, he made diversity a centerpiece of the University’s Academic Plan. When he left Ohio State in 2002, the University added his name to its interdisciplinary research in-stitute dedicated to understanding racial and ethnic disparities worldwide, now known as the Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity. 
Dr. Kirwan’s effort to establish a produc-
tive working relationship with Maryland’s elected officials is another testament to his leadership. By aligning higher education goals with state priorities, the USM has ush-ered in an era of academic and research ex-
cellence, targeted workforce development, greater economic impact, and improved af-fordability. In fact, the average tuition for undergraduate in-state students at USM in-stitutions, once the nation’s seventh highest, has now dropped to twenty-sixth. 
With the launch of its Course Redesign Ini-
tiative in 2006, the USM became the first uni-versity system in the nation to use innova-tive new technology to redesign entire courses. To facilitate academic trans-formation and excellence even further, in 2012 the USM established the Center for Aca-demic Innovation (CAI) to develop, apply, and evaluate more ways to deliver high-qual-ity courses optimizing technology and other resources system-wide. Today the USM is recognized as a national leader in the bur-geoning academic innovation movement. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kirwan’s impact has also 
been felt beyond Maryland’s borders. He cur-rently serves or has served as Co-Chair of the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Ath-letics; Chair of the College Board’s Commis-sion on Access, Admissions, and Success in Higher Education; a member of the Business- Higher Education Forum, and Chair of the National Research Council Board of Higher Education and the Workforce. Dr. Kirwan has also been called upon by U.S. Presidents from both parties to advise on national high-er education efforts. His impact on higher education has been honored with two of the most prestigious awards in the field: the TIAA–CREF Theodore M. Hesburgh Award for Leadership (2010) and the Carnegie Cor-poration Leadership Award (2009). 
Under Dr. Kirwan’s leadership the USM has 
flourished, and his lifetime of achievement and service will be celebrated on April 18 at a special retirement gala that will raise en-dowment funds for the Center for Academic Innovation, which promises to continue ex-ploring the themes of access, affordability, and excellence in higher education that have been hallmarks of his career. 
I hope my colleagues in the House will join 
me in thanking Dr. Kirwan for fifty-one years of service to higher education in our country and congratulating him on his re-tirement. 
f 
b1445 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, March is 
Women’s History Month, which honors and celebrates the struggles and achievements of American women throughout the history of the United States. 
Since 1917, when Republican Rep-
resentative Jeannette Rankin of Mon-tana became the first woman to serve in Congress, 313 women have served as U.S. Representatives, Senators, or Del-egates. 
In 2014, the American people made 
history by electing a record number of women to Congress. In January, 12 new women were sworn in to the House of Representatives, joining 72 incumbents who won reelection. The number of women serving in the Senate has reached 20, and four of the five non-voting Delegates are women. 
These women with rich perspectives 
and a commitment to good ideas and teamwork are changing the way Wash-ington does business. The women of the 
114th Congress are shaping our Nation, and it is an opportunity and responsi-bility that we take seriously. 
f 
HONORING NATIONAL WOMEN’S 
HISTORY MONTH AND MAYOR JEAN STOTHERT 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in observation of National Wom-en’s History Month. During this time, it is important to celebrate the achievements and contributions of women in our great Nation. 
I am proud to recognize my friend, 
Mayor Jean Stothert, the 51st mayor of the great city of Omaha, Nebraska, and the first woman elected to this office. 
In 1993, Mr. Speaker, Ms. Stothert 
moved to Nebraska, quickly embracing her new home. Her advocacy garnered an appointment to the Millard school board, a position to which she was re-elected three times. 
Expanding her passion for service, 
she sought and won election to the Omaha City Council in 2009. With a strong work ethic and ambition, Mayor Stothert was elected mayor of the city of Omaha on May 14, 2013. 
An illustration by our very famous 
editorial cartoonist Jeff Koterba of the Omaha World-Herald portrays Mayor Stothert breaking the proverbial glass ceiling in Omaha. 
Good for her—she represents a pha-
lanx of women in Omaha who are tak-ing leadership positions in our commu-nity and in our State. 
f 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House Ag-riculture Subcommittee on Conserva-tion, Energy, and Forestry, which I chair, held a hearing to review the defi-nition of the ‘‘waters of the United States’’ proposed rule and its impact on rural America. 
Enacted in 1972, the Clean Water Act 
established a Federal-State partner-ship to protect our Nation’s navigable waterways; however, despite strong op-position from Congress and the public, the Obama administration has taken upon itself to redefine the Clean Water Act’s jurisdictional waters. The EPA’s proposed rule could have serious con-sequences for rural America and the Nation’s economy. 
Yesterday, members of the House 
Committee on Agriculture asserted that the administration has acted on its own, without input from the States and stakeholders, to broaden the scope of the Clean Water Act, threatening the livelihood of farmers, ranchers, and rural America. 
It is my hope that yesterday’s hear-
ing will spur the administration to pull 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1750 March 18, 2015 
the rule and consult with the States 
and stakeholders first or repropose the rule and allow a new round of public comment. 
Mr. Speaker, there is too much on 
the line to continue down the current path. 
f 
ADDRESSING THE WEALTH GAP 
(Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I have introduced the addressing the wealth gap resolu-tion which calls on Congress to recog-nize the wealth gap and the racial wealth gap as national economic crises and focus its efforts on their elimi-nation. 
This country is facing the widest 
wealth gap since 1983. The statistics are alarming. Wealthy families make nearly seven times as much as middle class families and 70 times as much as lower class families. African Ameri-cans have 13 times and Latinos have 10 times less wealth than White house-holds. White households have $100,000 more in retirement savings than Afri-can Americans and Latinos. 
The cause of the record-level wealth 
gap stems from a structural crisis that started well before the Great Reces-sion. The recession hit, and the hous-ing market collapsed and made every-thing worse. 
In the aftermath, middle-income 
families and people of color have had to endure income inequality, slow wage growth, skyrocketing student loans, and continued unequal access to qual-ity education and barriers to the hous-ing market. These are problems that widened the gap and require Congress to implement pragmatic solutions. 
We cannot sit idly by and expect 
things to change. This is why I am in-troducing the addressing the wealth gap resolution. The first step to resolv-ing this problem is acknowledging that it exists, and I encourage all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to join and focus on the goal of rebuilding wealth in America. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRESSIVE 
CAUCUS: THE PEOPLE’S BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KATKO ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I am here today representing the Congressional Progressive Caucus and to discuss our budget, the people’s budget. I pray that I am not the only one that is speaking for the 60 minutes allotted. 
Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, the House of 
Representatives released their budget proposal. Although they have a new chairman, they are following the same game plan: privatize Medicare, slash 
spending on safety net programs, and hope that tax cuts for the rich trickle down from top earners to the rest of the country. 
That is not what the American peo-
ple need. They need a plan that levels the playing field, that gives them an opportunity to succeed, and puts their interests above the interests of cor-porations and the wealthy. They need a budget that is of the people, by the people, and for the people. That is what we are offering in the people’s budget. 
If you need a way to pay for afford-
able child care while you are at your job, we have got it in the people’s budg-et. If you need access to quality edu-cation for your children, teachers that are trained to give them the knowledge they need to be great, we have got it in the people’s budget. 
If you worked hard to get into col-
lege but now need a way to pay for your tuition, we have got it in the peo-ple’s budget. If you can’t make ends meet, if the pay you take home barely keeps a roof over your head and you are making important choices between food and shelter and you are looking for a livable wage, we have got it in the people’s budget. 
Mr. Speaker, in the hands of the 
GOP, this Congress has offered tax break after tax break after tax break after tax break for corporations and billionaires while cutting the very pro-grams that working Americans rely on to pull themselves up the economic ladder that has given generations of American families access to the middle class. 
If anyone deserves a tax cut, it is not 
millionaires. It is the folks that are loading the trucks, the folks that are scanning the groceries, the folks that are cleaning the office buildings, the folks that are working as clerks, the folks that are working as secretaries, and the folks that are doing the impor-tant service jobs that our society so needs. 
The people’s budget would invest in 
priorities that will keep the American people strong, just for everyone. It of-fers jobs that will restore our middle class. It addresses our Nation’s most pressing challenges, issues like climate change, aging transportation infra-structure, access to education at every level, and good-paying jobs. 
This, Mr. Speaker, is about restoring 
Congress’ commitment to serving hard-working Americans who are playing by the rules but still not getting ahead. This, Mr. Speaker, is about the lives that regular Americans are able to live. 
Some say that it is not hard to find 
any old job and get a paycheck, but does that job offer a high enough wage or enough hours to pay the rent? Can you take time off for illness or to take care of your kids? Do you know that you will have enough to pay for child care while you are at the job? Do you have health insurance in the event that you need it? My Congressional Progressive Caucus 
colleagues and I think that taxpaying Americans deserve to confidently an-swer ‘‘yes’’ to all of these questions, and that is what we are fighting for. 
Today, we were given the distinct op-
portunity to present tenets of our budget to a group of interested peo-ple—everyday working people—people who are working for decent-paying jobs. 
They are not looking for handouts. 
They are looking for recognition that they are part of this American Dream, and it is our responsibility to ensure that we are not impediments, but that we are facilitators of that American Dream for everyone. 
At this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
my colleague, the chairman of the Pro-gressive Caucus, Congressman E
LLISON . 
Mr. ELLISON. Let me thank the gen-
tlewoman for yielding, the Congress-woman from New Jersey, B
ONNIE WAT-
SONCOLEMAN . 
As I said earlier today, B ONNIE WAT-
SONCOLEMAN may have just got sworn 
in as a Member of Congress a few months ago, but she is no stranger to fighting for people. 
That was on full display when she 
spoke at a rollout of our Progressive Caucus budget where she talked about how you can look at any aspect of the Progressive Caucus budget and you will find the same thing in every place: prioritizing people, making sure people can get their needs met in this govern-ment, making sure that workers can get access to a job, making sure that people who are sick but who are work-ing can actually get a sick day so that they don’t bring that sickness back to their workplace and don’t have to abandon their children that might be sick, too. 
You pointed out, Congresswoman 
W
ATSON COLEMAN , the fact is that job 
creation should be the primary metric of any budget. How are we doing put-ting people back to work in good jobs? How are we helping take care of them while they are on the job? If they are sick, can they take time off? How are we educating people? You focused on the key elements of the Progressive Caucus budget, and I was proud to hear you do it. 
The fact is this is our fifth budget 
that we have put out. It is a budget that is about working people. That is why we call it the people’s budget. We urge people to check out the people’s budget online at the Congressional Progressive Caucus Web site. 
Let me name a few things about the 
Progressive Caucus budget that are im-portant to highlight. It creates 8.4 mil-lion good-paying jobs by 2018. 
Now, you just take the Republican 
budget that was put out yesterday. It was interesting to me that none of my Republican colleagues wanted to tout how many jobs their budget would cre-ate, how many jobs the economists— after looking at the Republican budget proposed—would create because that is not what they consider to be a priority; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1751 March 18, 2015 
but it is a priority to the Progressive 
Caucus budget. Our priority is 8.4 mil-lion good-paying jobs investing in America, making sure Americans are working again. 
Now, you might correctly ask: How 
are you going to get all these jobs? One way we are going to get the jobs is we are going to invest $820 billion to re-pair America’s rapidly aging roads and bridges and upgrade our energy sys-tems to address climate change, keep our communities safe, and prepare for the next generation to thrive in our so-ciety and workforce. 
I would like to share with the Speak-
er that I come from a town—Min-neapolis, Minnesota—where, 6 years ago, the I–35 bridge fell into the Mis-sissippi River because we had not taken care of it. We had not done ade-quate maintenance on this bridge. 
Thirteen people died when that 
bridge fell. They were Black. They were White. They were wealthy. They were low income. They were born in America. They were born abroad. They were America. That is who lost their lives on that bridge, and 100 more peo-ple got injured. 
This Progressive Caucus investment 
in infrastructure repair is not just a job creator and a productivity in-creaser; it is public safety to have de-cent, safe infrastructure. I am very proud of that. 
We also provide $945 million to help 
States and municipalities hire police, firefighters, health care workers, teachers, librarians, and other public employees. 
Mr. Speaker, I have got to tell you, I 
met with my chiefs of police in the Fifth Congressional District about a week ago. Of course, all of us here to-night represent more than one city. 
I met with the chiefs of police—I am 
very proud to represent a city where law enforcement is dedicated—and they were asking me: What’s going on with the Byrne grants? What’s going on with the JAG grants? What’s going on with the COPS grants? These things that have helped us be a better police de-partment have shrunk. Our ability to protect the public is weakened by our limited resources. 
b1500 
Well, we are going to do something 
about that. We are going to rehire teachers. So if you have got a teacher with 30 second graders in the classroom trying to keep up with all of them, we can hire a teacher’s aide who might be able to actually help that teacher do what that teacher does most effec-tively. 
We put $1.9 trillion in America’s fu-
ture by investing in the working fami-lies. This restores and enhances fund-ing for vital programs that Americans rely on, like SNAP, like food, nutri-tion, so that young people can be in the classroom and can be fully fed and ready to learn. 
So these are just a few things about 
the Progressive Caucus budget. But I wonder if the gentlewoman from New 
Jersey or the gentlewoman from Michi-gan will yield to a question. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I yield to 
the gentleman from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Should a budget be a 
moral document which lists the prior-ities of the Nation? 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Thank 
you very much for giving me the oppor-tunity to respond to that question, Congressman. 
As a State legislator, I spent many 
years in appropriations and on the budget committee, and I came to real-
ize that there is no other document that represents the values and the pri-orities of the governing entity than the budget statement. 
So where we put our money is where 
we think our interests lie; where we put our money represents our prior-ities; where we put our money rep-resents our values. And that is one of the major reasons that I am just so proud to be associated with the peo-ple’s budget as crafted by the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus. 
Thank you for giving me that oppor-
tunity. 
Mr. ELLISON. Will the gentlewoman 
yield for another question? 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I yield to 
the gentleman from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. So the Progressive 
Caucus budget was not just written by members of the Progressive Caucus. We didn’t just sit in a room and write up a budget. We actually pulled in our part-ners, like the Economic Policy Insti-tute, labor. 
How important were our progressive 
partners in pulling our budget to-gether? 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Well, I 
certainly would like to yield to the gentlelady from Michigan. I just sim-ply want to say that the associations, the affiliations, and the organizations that you identified just very quickly represent the interests of working class people, represent the interests of those who wish to be part of the middle class, and represent those individuals who are responsible for the standards that we have that protect people in the working environment, that protect jobs here in America, and that protect the aspirations and hopefulness of those who recognize that things like public education are great equalizers. 
Congressman, I would very much ap-
preciate the opportunity to yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan, my class-mate and my friend, Congresswoman B
RENDA LAWRENCE . 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, and 
to my colleagues, thank you for yield-ing. 
I am here today to speak in my sup-
port for the Congressional Progressive Caucus alternative budget and their fight for greater access to affordable housing. 
As you know, I was previously a 
mayor, and the quality of life in Amer-ica is determined by our housing op-tions, and the CPC budget acknowl-edges that. We have an affordable housing crisis. 
Only one in four families eligible for housing assistance receive it. There is a shortage of low-income apartments and rental homes that are affordable in low-income households. 
We have seen the results of seques-
tration taking housing assistance from 70,000 families, and the CPC budget moves us from trying to preserve exist-ing affordable housing to making sig-nificant improvements and invest-ments in new production. 
When you are an elected official or a 
mayor of a community, you see first-hand the challenges from unemploy-ment, the challenges of jobs that are being reduced, the unemployed, and trying to maintain housing. 
It is important that we realize that 
in this budget we call for two new sources for affordable housing, the Na-tional Housing Trust Fund and the Capital Magnet Fund, to be fully fund-ed by contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as is already required by law. This budget gives families and communities devastated by foreclosure the resources to renovate and resell homes and maintain overall property values. 
I come from Michigan, and I rep-
resent Detroit. Here I have an article that states: ‘‘Downtown Detroit Ten-ants Rally to Demand Decent and Af-fordable Housing.’’ This conversation is happening all over the country while we see some communities where fami-lies are actually being displaced as a result of the upper class of our commu-nities being able to buy and push prices up while those in the bottom of our economic class are being challenged every day to find the simple thing that we call quality of life in America, and that is housing. 
In my State of Michigan, we have a 
campaign to end homelessness, to pro-mote housing, first, through the pre-vention and rapid rehousing activities. 
We understand in Michigan that in 
order to effectively approach homeless-ness, a community needs a clear, delib-erate, and comprehensive strategy. The low incomes of so many families across this country make this increasingly difficult for them to manage the rising cost of housing. This puts them at risk, and some lose their housing and fall into homelessness. We may call this a homelessness crisis, but it is primarily a housing affordability crisis. 
Permanent housing subsidies like 
section 8 need to do a better job of ad-dressing the family housing crisis. However, as this body knows, such sub-
sidies are severely underfunded. Na-tionally, only one-quarter of the need for such subsidies are being met. 
Before I conclude, I want to be clear 
that we, as members of the Progressive Caucus, stress strongly that we present a budget that is funded, that will en-sure that in America the American Dream and the basic quality of life right to have a home is maintained through our budget. 
Mr. ELLISON. I represent Min-
neapolis, Minnesota, and I was talking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1752 March 18, 2015 
with my Housing Authority people who 
were here in town the other day, and I bet your Housing Authority folks were in town, too. One of the things that they said to me is that they opened up their list, and for 2,000 available units, they had 37,000 people who applied for those positions. 
Here is another separate fact which I 
would like you to react to, if you don’t mind. In Minneapolis, we pride our-selves on being a progressive town. We have got 4,000 kids who leave shelters every day to go to a public school, and those kids are asked to take standard-ized tests. 
How important is it for a budget, par-
ticularly a Progressive Caucus budget, to house America’s people? 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. It is extremely im-
portant. 
Thank you. 
It is extremely important, and those 
of us who understand the cry of the people for housing, and understand the impact of homelessness on Americans today, funding of housing, affordable housing, is critical. 
I served on the local government 
board, and one of the things we looked at consistently is: How do we sustain the low-income or sustainable housing for our population? 
Children repeatedly, every day across 
this country, awaken, go to school, and then their families, they are living in cars or they are living in shelters, and they have to take on that responsi-bility, as a child, and adjust to an envi-ronment that they can learn. We know that this is a total distraction. Some of them, through this homelessness, the school is the only stable place for them to go to every single day. 
So now we are in a position where we 
are looking at cutting back on edu-cation. We are cutting back on hous-ing. In America, are we sending a mes-sage through a budget that will not support sustainable housing for Amer-ican citizens who are not in the top 1 percent, who some, by no fault of their own, are unemployed? Are we, in this country and as a government, turning our backs on those people? 
That is why we have, through the 
Progressive Caucus, a budget that will awaken the minds of so many in this country and this government, and we want our colleagues across the aisle— and all of our colleagues—to look at this budget and say that this is the time in America we need to step up and fund sustainable housing in America. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, can you tell us just how much time we have left? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from New Jersey has ap-proximately 40 minutes remaining. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I appre-
ciate the comments that have been of-fered by both of my colleagues here. I think that you can certainly under-stand that a lot of work went into the creation, the development, and the evo-lution of this budget. We are happy to note that, over the years, some of those issues that were identified by the 
Progressive Caucus have now become part of the regular budget that is pre-sented by the Democratic Caucus. 
I want to highlight a couple of other 
things, because I think we just talked about the need for housing. And we rec-ognize that not only did we lose a lot of housing during the predatory lending crisis, a lot of that housing is still va-cant, and we need to figure out a way to recapture that housing and use it for affordable housing purposes. Our budg-et proposes the extension of the use of vouchers for housing because we recog-nize how fundamental the need is to have safe and secure housing. 
We recognize that, over the last sev-
eral years, millionaires, billionaires, and corporations have been getting tre-mendous tax breaks, that the very wealthy have received extremely gen-erous credits. 
We want to see working people get 
credit for work, get tax advantages for the work that working people do, get additional child care credits so that they can provide the kind of safety and security and healthy environment for their families. 
Everybody has the desire to have a 
healthy family. Everybody has a desire to be able to participate in our society, to even pay taxes, Mr. Speaker. They just need to have the mechanisms, the infrastructure, the opportunity, the policies that will provide those oppor-tunities, and this budget does just that. 
It is known that one in five children 
live, in the United States of America, in poverty. One out of three African American children live in poverty. That is unacceptable for any child to live impoverished in a nation that is as rich and that has so much wealth con-centrated in so few hands. 
To whom much is given, much is re-
quired, and it is pay now or pay later. 
We need to recognize the significance 
of our budget that recognizes that edu-cation is, indeed, the equalizer here. Not only are we looking to expand ac-cess to preschool care, but full funding of K–12. 
In addition to that, we recognize that 
higher education is what distinguishes our middle class from those who never can get into the middle class. But we want to make sure that students have access to education without being over-ly burdened with debt. So we want to look at creating opportunities for stu-dents to refinance their debt. 
Let’s look at this country as a coun-
try of diplomacy, of humanitarianism. Let’s look at this country as a country of peacefulness and hopefulness for goodwill for all nations. Let us move away from the sort of cold war men-tality; look at modernizing our mili-taristic events; look at what we are doing with our resources; invest our re-sources here in America, not overseas; seek to bring humanitarian aid; seek to bring diplomacy. Seek, first, peace; seek, first, coalitions; but seek, first and foremost, to invest in America. b1515 
Our unemployment rate is sup-
posedly somewhere around 5 or 6 per-cent, but that is so misleading. It is so misleading on so many different levels. 
Number one, that is not true in rural 
areas, and that is not true in urban areas, and that is not true for minority communities, and that is not true for those who simply aren’t looking any-more because they have been so dog-gone discouraged that they don’t even think that there is any hope for them to have a job. For those people, for that cohort that I am speaking of, un-employment is double digits. It could be 25 percent. It could be 13 percent. It is something that we really don’t even know exactly what it is, but we need to be focusing on lifting up all of our com-munities. 
And if we truly, absolutely want the 
American economy to expand, then we need to know that we need more con-sumers. We need more jobs. We need more paychecks. We need more cus-tomers. And we do that by investing in our middle class. We do that by invest-ing in small businesses, in new busi-nesses, in startups, in education, and in 
research and development. This budget recognizes that if we are going to be the great America that we are sup-posed to be, that we need to make these investments. 
Today was monumental for me be-
cause I got to articulate and to stand with individuals who expressed things that I have believed. Even as a legis-lator in the State of New Jersey, I be-lieved that if we are to experience an America that really works, an America where our communities are safe be-cause there is full employment—so no one is trying to rob anybody or no one is feeling a need to engage in illegal ac-tivity simply to put some food on the table—if we are going to be competi-tive globally, then we need to be in-vesting in education. We need to be building schools. We need to ensure that even the schools in the poorest districts across the United States of America have all of the 21st century technology and opportunities to learn and produce. And we need to have high expectations. We need to have high ex-pectations for everyone. 
So I thank you very much for this 
opportunity, and I will take this mo-ment to yield back to my colleague, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), the cochair of our Progres-
sive Caucus. 
Mr. ELLISON. I thank the gentlelady 
for yielding. 
I was really intrigued by the things 
that you were saying about the Pro-gressive Caucus budget because I have always believed that you know some-one’s treasure by how they prioritize their expenses. 
You can look at a family’s budget, 
and if you see a lot of money being spent on television and movies and candy, you know that they care a lot about that. And if you see people spend a lot of money on books and education, you know they care about that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1753 March 18, 2015 
What does it mean if you have the 
budget of a nation where the biggest amounts of the budget are spent on helping rich people get richer and cut-ting health and safety regulations? What does that mean at a time when income inequality is at its height since the Great Depression? 
My problem with the Republican 
budget is that they have been acting like rich people don’t have enough money and poor people have too much for 40 years. What it has brought us is massive income inequality. And their answer to that is to do it some more. 
It has hurt this economy to prioritize 
the well-to-do over everyone else. It doesn’t even help rich people very much because rich people own stores and factories and stuff like that. If reg-ular folks, ordinary people don’t have any money, how can they even help boost the consumer demand? 
This economy that we have, it is im-
portant to point out that the United States is a country of tremendous re-sources. This is still the richest coun-try in the world. Not only is America the richest country in the world but America itself has never been richer. 
If you look at per capita income and 
you scale it on a graph and compare it over time, you are looking at a stead-ily rising line. Yet the American budg-et, our governmental expenditures as a proportion of it, we have seen one of the lowest proportions of government spending relative to GDP in a great many years. 
The fact of the matter is, the reason 
the proportion of government expendi-ture to GDP has been going down is be-cause America has been giving away the resources that it needs to take care of the needs of its people. I am talking about lifesaving research in medicine. I am talking about dealing with issues of climate. I am talking about infrastruc-ture investment. 
One of the things that the Progres-
sive Caucus budget does to try to re-capture some of the money that the government is due and owed is we end corporate inversion and deferral. 
What is corporate inversion? Cor-
porate inversion is where the company does not actually physically move any-where, but they sell themselves to a foreign corporation with a lower tax rate or no tax rate, thereby escaping the payment of moneys in taxes as an American corporation but not really moving anything. In fact, they might even increase their physical footprint in the country that they are in. 
We have had that happen in my own 
community. And before I went to criti-cize the company that did it, I had to deal with the fact that it is legal to do. 
How are you going to blame a cor-
poration for trying to get money when it is legal to do? Well, I say, rather than blame the company, I will blame Congress, you know? So we went and did something about it. We went to the Progressive Caucus budget and we ended inversions. You can’t do that anymore. We are also in this process of defer-
ral, this idea that corporate profits don’t have to be paid as long as they are deferred and kept overseas. We end this process. We end deferrals. I think that these two things alone will bring money back to the United States Gov-ernment so we can invest in roads and bridges and infrastructure, so we can make sure that no 5-year-old kid is leaving a shelter and going to a public school in the morning, so we can make sure that there is enough SNAP, that kids have a decent meal to eat, and that our seniors can actually hope to one day be able to beat Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s and all of these kinds of diseases. These things take public investment to solve these kinds of medical problems. 
So the Progressive Caucus budget, I 
am very proud to be a part of it be-cause it is a budget that looks at the needs of the American people and does something about it. 
Let me just talk about the education 
side of it. We have universal pre-K. Now, it doesn’t matter if you are a con-servative economist or if you are a lib-eral economist; they all agree that the best return on investment is educating little kids. You educate those little guys and it will keep them out of trou-ble. It will put them on a path to col-lege or some form of higher education. And they will not become a govern-ment expense; they will be a govern-ment asset. They will not be an ex-penditure on the taxpayer; they will be paying taxes. 
Yet the Progressive Caucus doesn’t 
just know that, we actually do some-thing about it by funding universal pre-K. I am so happy about that be-cause, you know, those little guys are so cute, and we definitely want to see those bright-eyed little children maxi-mize their talents. They are actually really smart. And if you put them in an educational environment, an academic environment where they can do more than just learn how to count—they can maybe even learn how to use a com-puter—you never know what tremen-dous benefits they will bring to our so-ciety. And we move from there. 
In K–12 education, we help fund mu-
nicipal and local public employees who need that kind of help. We have placed $95 billion in that, where we can, again, put a teacher or a teacher’s aide back into the classroom. Ever since the re-cession in 2008, local governments have been shedding public employees, in-cluding teachers. 
Now, what does this mean? To the av-
erage teacher, the average teacher used to have a classroom of 28 kids, 19 kids. Well, those classes are bigger because you have got fewer teachers. You used to be able to have a little budget to decorate the classroom, to put inspir-ing messages and notes and pictures up there. 
I would actually like to ask the gen-
tlelady from New Jersey a question. Have you had the experience of talking to a teacher where they tell you that they are going into their own pocket to 
decorate the classroom? Have you ever heard that? 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Not only 
have I heard it, but I have helped some of the teachers buy the supplies for their classrooms. 
Mr. ELLISON. Right. So the fact is, 
we need to respond to these kinds of things. 
I would also like to ask the gentle-
lady, What does it mean to a police de-partment that needs about, you know, 40 people to protect the people of the city but only has 20 folks? What does that mean? Does that mean the officers aren’t getting out of their cars and forming relationships? Does that mean they are just running from call to call to call? Does that mean they may not have the equipment that they need? What does it mean? 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Thank 
you for that question, Congressman. It means all of those things. 
What it means for communities like 
the capital of the State of New Jersey, which is the city of Trenton, it means that our neighborhoods are unsafe. It means that police are running to situa-tions that have already occurred, as opposed to having the resources and the capacity to understand what is happening out there and be proactive and preventative in nature. So it cer-tainly does negatively impact the qual-ity of life for those who live in the city—and cities particularly—and those who work there. 
I am particularly concerned about 
the seniors who invested in the cities years ago when the cities where the thriving environments, Congressman, and now they are still living there be-cause they can’t afford to move. So they are finding themselves in commu-nities where, because of the housing crisis, there are vacant houses all around them. Members of gangs have settled into some of those houses, cre-ating almost prison-like environments for the people who can’t even go out-side and sit on their porch. And all of this has been the function of our dis-investment in our cities. 
Mr. ELLISON. The Progressive Cau-
cus budget is trying to step up and ad-dress these issues. When you talk to of-ficers and firefighters, health care workers, teachers, librarians, all of these local government functions have been cut. 
I would like to ask the gentlewoman 
another question: 
What does it mean to see the library 
hours cut in your city because the Fed-eral assistance or the local municipali-ties just don’t have enough funding for the library, so the hours get cut, the li-brary staff gets cut. What does that mean to a local community? 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
you for the opportunity to address this because I know this firsthand. In the capital city in the State of New Jersey, 
they have had to actually close librar-ies. 
Now, we already experience a digital 
divide in urban centers and in poor en-vironments, and sometimes the only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1754 March 18, 2015 
access that students have to computers 
and the Internet and the capacity to do research is in the libraries, in the local libraries. So it has negatively impacted their ability to get the information that they need to succeed in school. 
It has also negatively impacted those 
who are looking for jobs, who go to li-braries to be able to research jobs on the Internet. It has had a devastating impact on the community. 
So when we look at our budget, the 
Progressive budget, and we recognize that we wish to restore services, re-store funding to programs that em-power our communities, it is giving them a chance, again, to become pro-ductive, productive in the work envi-ronment, productive in the school envi-ronment. It restores hope where hope has been taken away for so long. 
Mr. ELLISON. That is right. If I could just say, putting workers 
back on the job who are firefighters, li-brarians, police officers, teachers, these are very important to the quality of life. 
I would like to refer to these people 
as everyday heroes. They may not wear big letters on their chest. But when I think about the people other than my parents who helped inspire me, it was probably a teacher, probably a cop who saw me hanging on the corner and said, Hey, man, we know you are smart. You can do better than what you are doing. 
You know what I mean? All of these 
people are the everyday heroes that make neighborhoods run every single day. So I just think it is important for the Progressive Caucus to say, We are going to prioritize rehiring these peo-ple who have been let go in the course of this recession. 
We have seen private sector employ-
ment increase every single month. But you know what? We have also seen pub-lic sector employment actually go down. 
b1530 
One of the things I would also like to 
get your take on, if you wouldn’t mind sharing your views on this issue, is re-storing and enhancing emergency un-employment compensation. As you know, back on December 26, 2013, the long-term unemployed were just cast adrift by the Republican majority. These are people who were working but just couldn’t find a job soon enough. Some people tried to imply that they were lazy and just didn’t want a job, so we had to kick them off unemployment so they would actually look for a job. 
I wonder what your thoughts are 
about this. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. First of 
all, let me just say for those individ-uals who, without any fault of their own, were victims of the trickle-down economics that have failed us from 40 years ago to even today, those individ-uals who but for the shift in policies and having this negative impact be-cause of trickle-down economics which doesn’t work except for perhaps on an essay paper, they struggled. They struggled. They lost their homes; they 
lost their family; they lost their health care; and they lost their health. 
The people’s budget recognizes the 
responsibility that government has to those individuals. So to extend the un-employment benefits for the 99 weeks, I believe it is over a 2-year period, gives people an opportunity, as well as gives the policymakers an opportunity to create opportunities for these people to find jobs and to have some meager form of income while they are looking, because they basically have been left with absolutely nothing. So it is a fur-ther illustration that the people’s budget is a reflection of the people’s needs. I am so very fortunate to be as-sociated with it. 
One last thing I wanted to raise as it 
relates to our urban centers, Mr. Speaker, right now in Washington, D.C., there is a conference of the urban mayors from the State of New Jersey. I am going to have an opportunity to speak to them later on this evening. I tell you, I am very excited to talk to them about what it means to support the Progressive budget, the alternative Progressive Caucus budget, and what it means to their communities, whether it is for education, for teachers, for aides, for paraprofessionals, for police, for nurses, for hospitals, whatever. They will understand that this is a budget that recognizes that where the majority of the people live in this country there is a budget that ac-knowledges that their needs are para-mount to the success of collective suc-cess of our economy and our country. 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ELLISON. That’s right. I thank 
the gentlelady for yielding back to me. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out 
that, again, the Progressive Caucus budget is in dramatic contrast to the Republican budget. Take the Repub-lican budget, for example. The Repub-lican budget calls for repealing the Af-fordable Care Act. This is a piece of legislation that has extended health care access to literally millions and millions and millions of people. The Republicans want to snatch health care access out of people who now, for the first time in their life, have acquired it; and they are doing it by saying: Oh, we want you to have freedom, and we think ObamaCare infringes on your freedom, so now be free to be sick with no access to health care other than an emergency room. 
That is their idea of freedom, I sup-
pose. 
They want to partially privatize 
Medicare. Is that what we need is pri-vatization of Medicare? 
A few years ago, the Republicans 
wanted to privatize Social Security. They wanted to say: We are going to take all the money you saved, and we are going to put it in some Wall Street account. Of course, they will be admin-istered for a ‘‘reasonable fee’’—I put that in quotes—but don’t worry about it. Everything will be fine. 
Then we see stock market prices fall 
and plummet. They go up and they go down. But when you are talking about 
something like Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid, these have to be stable and reliable, and they want to privatize it as they have proposed to other important programs. 
They want to turn Medicaid and food 
stamps into block grants for States. What does that mean? In some States, maybe the Governor will do the right thing. I am pretty confident in Min-nesota our Governor would do the right thing. Our unemployment is at a record low. In our State, our wages have been climbing. We actually have a surplus in the State of Minnesota. Our next-door neighbor, Wisconsin, is run by Scott Walker. They have a big, ugly deficit, which is embarrassing, given that he is supposed to be this fiscal conservative. But facts don’t seem to bother some people. 
My point is that the Republicans 
want to block grant these programs. If you block grant it in Minnesota, it will be less money. Whenever there is a budget pinch, they will use that money for other things other than the in-tended purpose. But if you send it to a State like Wisconsin with a Governor like Scott Walker, the people who are intended to benefit from that money may never ever see it at all. And so this is a very important program not to block grant these programs. 
Tax reforms that lower rates and 
eliminate any taxation on profits re-ported abroad—come on. As a matter of fact, if just cutting taxes to the bone and cutting taxes for rich people as much as we possibly can would be good for the economy, wouldn’t we have avoided the recession of 2008? We should have more jobs than we could possibly imagine with these guys. We should have never had any recession, and every American should be paid, I don’t know, $100,000 a year if just cut-ting taxes was good for the economy. Cutting taxes is good for some people, but it is not good for the economy overall. The evidence is all around us. The Republicans want to turn the rest of the world into a tax haven for multi-nationals. 
Now, the President has been trying 
to set the record straight. He has been trying to signal what an economy where there is shared prosperity should look like. But the fact is that, if you look at the Republican budget and you contrast it with other proposals, it cer-tainly fails the test of being good for the American people. The Progressive Caucus budget, on the other hand, passes the test. We do programs that actually help the American people: universal pre-K, robust support for title I, and debt-free college to ensure every child gets a quality education. When you contrast their budget and you look at our budget, it is clear which one the American people find to be most meritorious. 
So we ask people to look at the Pro-
gressive Caucus budget. We ask people to read it; share it with your friends; offer your views on it. We ask people to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1755 March 18, 2015 
just support the budget that they think 
makes a lot of sense. 
Probably we will be debating the 
budgets next week. Probably we will have a vote. We think it is important for Americans to tune in to this de-bate. Because if you are an American person and you are busy, you are try-ing to raise kids, you are trying get to work on time, and you are trying to earn a living, you don’t have time to be plugged in to politics like some of us who do this our whole lives. You are busy. But you are smart and you know what is going on. 
I am going to ask Americans to actu-
ally slow down and say: Hey, look, what is going on in this budget? What does the Republican budget look like? They want to cut taxes. They don’t want overseas corporations to return those profits and pay taxes on that. The Progressive Caucus wants to let the little kids go to school, let the teenagers and the young adults go to school. They want to train our work-force, and they want to invest in our Nation’s infrastructure. 
I guarantee this is what the people in 
this country want to see. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
gentlewoman for upholding the Pro-gressive Caucus message, and I wish you very great success in the people’s budget. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I am thankful for this oppor-tunity to share the good news about the Progressive budget and to inform those who are here as well as those who are at home what this budget rep-resents. 
One last issue that I think I would 
like to address that we may not have clearly or substantively articulated has to do with environmental issues. This budget acknowledges the dev-astating impact that we have had on the environment, and it takes concrete steps to reverse it, forcing polluters to pay for the carbon that is causing so much of our climate change, elimi-nating fossil fuel subsidies for Big Oil that, frankly, don’t need government support, and ensuring EPA has the re-sources it needs to help reduce our car-bon footprint. 
We have spent this last 45, 50 min-
utes—I am thankful for this oppor-tunity—sharing the good news about the people’s budget, the Progressive budget, and I hope that anyone who has a need for additional information will seek this information out online. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
STRENGTHENING HIGHER 
EDUCATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KNIGHT ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
the designee of the majority leader. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, too 
many Americans struggle to realize the dream of higher education. Our current 
system is unaffordable, inflexible, and outdated, and it has resulted in too many students unable to complete col-lege, saddled with loan debt, and ill- equipped to compete in our modern economy. 
In recent years, burdensome Federal 
regulations, a lack of transparency, and a dizzying maze of student aid pro-grams have only contributed to the problem. Students and families deserve better. 
Mr. Speaker, when my husband and I 
were in high school and contemplating the possibility of college, we were penniless people. In his case, his par-ents had no formal education—they couldn’t read and write—and my fam-ily had very limited education, but we understood then that the way out of poverty was to go to college, work hard, and get a good job. Folks like us who had no resources could do that. It is very difficult for people in this day and time to do what he and I did. He graduated from college with a very small debt. I graduated from college with absolutely no debt because of working my way through. It did take me 7 years to do it, but I was able to do it. 
Mr. Speaker, we want to be able to 
provide an environment in this country where people with very limited re-sources can do what my husband and I and millions of other young people did in the past, which is get a higher edu-cation without going deeply into debt to do so. 
The upcoming reauthorization of the 
Higher Education Act provides Con-gress an opportunity to help every in-dividual—regardless of age, location, or background—access and complete high-er education if they choose. 
To inform the reauthorization proc-
ess, the Education and the Workforce Committee has held 15 hearings over the last several years. After receiving feedback from students, institutions, innovators, administrators, and re-searchers, the committee established a set of key principles that will guide our reform of the postsecondary education law. 
First, we must empower students and 
families to make informed decisions when it comes to selecting the institu-tion that meets their unique needs. To-day’s higher education resources are incomplete and inaccurate and often complicate the financial aid process, misguiding students about their aca-demic and financial options. Devel-oping a more streamlined and trans-parent system, as well as enhancing fi-nancial literacy services, will help stu-dents better understand the higher education landscape and make choices based on easy-to-understand, relevant information. 
Second, we must simplify and im-
prove student aid. Currently, the Fed-eral Government operates more than 10 aid programs, each with its own set of rules and requirements. Many stu-dents, particularly first-generation and low-income students, are overwhelmed 
by the complexity of the current sys-tem, which can ultimately deter them from accessing the aid that will help make college a reality. 
b1545 
Consolidating this patchwork of aid 
programs will simplify the application and eligibility process and help more students understand, manage, and repay their debt. 
Third, we must promote innovation, 
access, and completion. In recent years, as the postsecondary student population has changed, many institu-tions have developed new approaches to delivering higher education, including competency-based curriculums and on-line classes. 
The Federal Government should 
make every effort to support these in-novations, as they have enabled more Americans to earn a degree or certifi-cate faster with less cost and without additional disruption to their daily lives. 
Finally, we must ensure strong ac-
countability by limiting the Federal role. The current administration has subjected institutions to onerous regu-lations and requirements, which have created a costly and time-consuming process, hampered innovation, and jeopardized academic freedom. 
Eliminating ineffective Federal bur-
dens will provide States and institu-tions the flexibility they need to de-liver effectively a high-quality edu-cation to their students. 
We are confident that these pillars 
will translate into meaningful Federal reforms that reflect the evolving needs of students and the workforce. 
Yesterday, the Subcommittee on 
Higher Education and Workforce Training held its first hearing of the 114th Congress, where we heard policy recommendations on how we can strengthen America’s higher education system to serve students, families, workers, and taxpayers better. 
Former Indiana Governor and Purdue 
University President Mitch Daniels testified: 
It is my great hope that this Congress will 
have the courage to see the challenges and treat reauthorization of the Higher Edu-cation Act as an opportunity for reform. 
He continued: 
The country needs a reauthorization that 
will reduce the costs of higher education’s regulatory burdens, simplify and improve student aid, and create an environment more conducive to innovation in higher education. 
Dr. Christine Keller, vice president of 
the Association of Public and Land- grant Universities, stressed the need for ‘‘access to clear, meaningful data . . . to answer questions and provide essential information for higher edu-cation stakeholders—for students and families to make more informed deci-sions about where to attend college, for policymakers to determine allocations of public resources and evaluate insti-tutional effectiveness, and for college leaders to facilitate innovation and successful student outcomes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1756 March 18, 2015 
After outlining several opportunities 
for simplifying Federal aid, Mr. Mi-chael Bennett, associate vice president for financial aid services at St. Peters-burg College, recommended ‘‘a new re-payment model that will simplify and streamline the repayment process by collapsing the various existing plans into two basic plans . . . simplifying repayment for students would cer-tainly decrease default rates and the taxpayers’ burden of having to shoul-der the costs of defaulted loans.’’ 
In the coming months, there will be 
many conversations and what can be done to maintain the strength of our robust higher education system. We have a responsibility to act now to pre-serve our unique role in the world as a summit of opportunity. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND  
THE WORKFORCE FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I submit for publi-
cation in the C ONGRESSIONAL RECORD the at-
tached copy of the rules of the Committee on Education and the Workforce for the U.S. House of Representatives for the 114th Con-gress: 
RULE 1 . REGULAR , ADDITIONAL , AND SPECIAL  
MEETINGS  
(a) Regular meetings of the Committee 
shall be held on the second Wednesday of each month at 10:00 a.m., while the House is in session. The Committee shall meet for the consideration of a bill or resolution pending before the Committee or the transaction of other committee business on regular meet-ing days fixed by the Committee if notice is given in accordance with paragraph (g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(b) The Chair may call and convene, as he 
or she considers necessary, additional meet-ings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Com-mittee business. 
(c) If at least three members of the Com-
mittee desire that a special meeting of the Committee be called by the Chair, those members may file in the offices of the Com-mittee their written request to the Chair for that special meeting. Immediately upon the filing of the request, the staff director of the Committee shall notify the Chair of the fil-ing of the request. If, within three calendar days after the filing of the request, the Chair does not call the requested special meeting to be held within seven calendar days after the filing of the request, a majority of the members of the Committee may file in the offices of the Committee their written notice that a special meeting of the Committee will be held, specifying the date and hour thereof, and the measure or matter to be considered at that special meeting. Immediately upon the filing of the notice, the staff director of the Committee shall notify all members of the Committee that such meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour and the measure or matter to be considered. Such notice shall also be made publicly available in electronic form and shall satisfy the notice requirements in clause (g)(3)(A(ii) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives. The Committee shall meet on that date and hour and only the measure or matter specified in that notice may be con-
sidered at that special meeting. 
(d) Legislative meetings of the Committee 
and its subcommittees shall be open to the public, including radio, television, and still photography coverage, unless such meetings are closed pursuant to the requirements of the Rules of the House of Representatives. No business meeting of the Committee, other than regularly scheduled meetings, may be held without each member being given rea-sonable notice. 
(e) The Chair of the Committee or of a sub-
committee, as appropriate, shall preside at meetings or hearings. In the absence of the Chair of the Committee or of a sub-committee, members shall preside as pro-vided in clause 2(d) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. No person other than a Member of Congress or Congres-sional staff may walk in, stand in, or be seat-ed at the rostrum area during a meeting or hearing of the Committee or subcommittee unless authorized by the Chair. 
RULE 2 . STANDING SUBCOMMITTEES AND  
JURISDICTION  
(a) There shall be four standing sub-
committees. In addition to conducting over-sight in the area of their respective jurisdic-tions as required in clause 2 of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives, each subcommittee shall have the following juris-diction: 
Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elemen-
tary, and Secondary Education. —Education 
from early learning through the high school level, including but not limited to elemen-tary and secondary education, special edu-cation, homeless education, and migrant education; overseas dependent schools; ca-reer and technical education; school safety and alcohol and drug abuse prevention; school lunch and child nutrition programs; educational research and improvement in-cluding the Institute of Education Sciences; environmental education; pre-service and in- service teacher professional development in-cluding Title II of the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act and Title II of the High-
er Education Act; early care and education programs including the Head Start Act and 
the Child Care and Development Block Grant 
Act; adolescent development and training 
programs, including but not limited to those providing for the care and treatment of cer-tain at-risk youth, including the Juvenile 
Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act and 
the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act; and all 
matters dealing with child abuse and domes-tic violence, including the Child Abuse Pre-
vention and Treatment Act and child adoption. 
Subcommittee on Higher Education and Work-
force Training. —Education and training be-
yond the high school level, including but not limited to higher education generally, post-secondary student assistance and employ-ment services, and the Higher Education Act; 
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; all domestic volunteer programs; all programs related to the arts and humanities, museum and library services, and arts and artifacts indemnity; postsecondary career and technical education, apprenticeship pro-grams, and job training, including the Work-
force Innovation and Opportunity Act, voca-
tional rehabilitation, and training programs from immigration funding; science and tech-nology programs; adult basic education (family literacy); all welfare reform pro-grams, including work incentive programs and welfare-to-work requirements; poverty programs, including the Community Services 
Block Grant Act and the Low Income Home 
Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP); the Native American Programs Act; the Institute of 
Peace; and all matters dealing with pro-grams and services for the elderly including nutrition programs and the Older Americans 
Act. 
Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. — 
Wages and hours of workers, including but not limited to the Davis-Bacon Act, the 
Walsh-Healey Act, the Service Contract Act, 
and the Fair Labor Standards Act; workers’ 
compensation including the Federal Employ-
ees’ Compensation Act, the Longshore and Har-
bor Workers’ Compensation Act, and the Black 
Lung Benefits Act; the Migrant and Seasonal 
Agricultural Worker Protection Act; the Family 
and Medical Leave Act; the Worker Adjustment 
and Retraining Notification Act; the Employee 
Polygraph Protection Act of 1988; trade and im-
migration issues as they affect employers and workers; workers’ safety and health, in-cluding but not limited to occupational safe-ty and health, mine safety and health, and migrant and agricultural worker safety and health; and all matters related to equal em-ployment opportunity and civil rights in em-ployment. 
Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, 
and Pensions. —All matters dealing with rela-
tionships between employers and employees, including but not limited to the National 
Labor Relations Act, the Labor-Management 
Relations Act, and the Labor-Management Re-
porting and Disclosure Act; the Bureau of 
Labor Statistics; and employment-related health and retirement security, including pension, health, and other employee benefits and the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act (ERISA). 
(b) The majority party members of the 
Committee may provide for such temporary, ad hoc subcommittees as determined to be appropriate. 
RULE 3 . EX OFFICIO MEMBERSHIP  
The Chair of the Committee and the rank-
ing minority party member (‘‘Ranking Mem-ber’’) shall be ex officio members, but not voting members, of each subcommittee to which such Chair or Ranking Member has not been assigned. 
RULE 4 . SUBCOMMITTEE SCHEDULING  
(a) Subcommittee chair shall set meeting 
or hearing dates after consultation with the Chair and other subcommittee chair with a view toward avoiding simultaneous sched-uling of Committee and subcommittee meet-
ings or hearings, wherever possible. No such meetings or hearings, however, shall be held outside of Washington, D.C., or during a re-cess or adjournment of the House of Rep-resentatives without the prior authorization of the Committee Chair. Where practicable, 14 days’ notice will be given of such meeting or hearing. 
(b) Available dates for subcommittee meet-
ings during the session shall be assigned by the Chair to the subcommittees as nearly as practicable in rotation and in accordance with their workloads. As far as practicable, the Chair shall not schedule simultaneous subcommittee markups, a subcommittee markup during a full Committee markup, or any hearing during a markup. 
RULE 5 . SUBCOMMITTEE RULES  
The rules of the Committee shall be the 
rules of its subcommittees. 
RULE 6 . SPECIAL ASSIGNMENT OF MEMBERS  
To facilitate the oversight and other legis-
lative and investigative activities of the Committee, the Chair of the Committee may, at the request of a subcommittee chair, make a temporary assignment of any mem-ber of the Committee to such subcommittee for the purpose of constituting a quorum and of enabling such member to participate in any public hearing, investigation, or study by such subcommittee to be held outside of Washington, D.C. Any member of the Com-mittee may attend public hearings of any subcommittee and any member of the Com-mittee may question witnesses only when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1757 March 18, 2015 
they have been recognized by the Chair for 
that purpose. 
RULE 7 . HEARING PROCEDURE  
(a) The Chair, in the case of hearings to be 
conducted by the Committee, and the appro-priate subcommittee chair, in the case of hearings to be conducted by a subcommittee, shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least one week before the commencement of that hearing unless the Chair of the Com-mittee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Member, determines that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date or the Committee so determines by majority vote in the presence of the number of mem-bers required under the rules of the Com-mittee for the transaction of business. In the latter event, the Chair or the subcommittee chair, as the case may be, shall have such an announcement promptly published in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. To the extent practicable, the Chair or the subcommittee chair shall make public announcement of the final list of witnesses scheduled to testify at least 48 hours before the commencement of the hear-ing. The staff director of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record as soon as prac-ticable after such public announcement is made. 
(b) Subcommittees are authorized to hold 
hearings, receive exhibits, hear witnesses, and report to the Committee for final action, together with such recommendations as may be agreed upon by the subcommittee. 
(c) All opening statements at hearings con-
ducted by the Committee or any sub-committee will be made part of the perma-nent written record. Opening statements by members may not be presented orally, unless the Chair of the Committee or any sub-committee determines that one statement from the Chair or a designee will be pre-sented, in which case the Ranking Member or a designee may also make a statement. If a witness scheduled to testify at any hearing 
of the Committee or any subcommittee is a constituent of a member of the Committee or subcommittee, such member shall be enti-tled to briefly introduce such witness at the hearing. 
(d) To the extent practicable, witnesses 
who are to appear before the Committee or a subcommittee shall file with the staff direc-tor of the Committee, at least 48 hours in ad-vance of their appearance, a written state-ment of their proposed testimony, together with a brief summary thereof, and shall limit their oral presentation to a summary thereof. The staff director of the Committee shall promptly furnish to the staff director of the minority a copy of such testimony submitted to the Committee pursuant to this rule. The Chair of the Committee, or a mem-ber designated by the Chair, may administer oaths to witnesses. 
(e) When any hearing is conducted by the 
Committee or any subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the minority party mem-bers on the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chair by a majority of those minority party members before the completion of such hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with re-spect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. The minor-ity party may waive this right by calling at least one witness during a Committee hear-ing or subcommittee hearing. 
(f) In the conduct of hearings of sub-
committees sitting jointly, the rules other-wise applicable to all subcommittees shall likewise apply to joint subcommittee hear-ings for purposes of such shared consider-ation. RULE 8 . QUESTIONING OF HEARING WITNESSES  
(a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), and (d), a 
Committee member may question hearing witnesses only when the member has been recognized by the Chair for that purpose, and only for a five-minute period until all mem-bers present have had an opportunity to question a witness. The questioning of wit-nesses in both Committee and subcommittee hearings shall be initiated by the Chair, fol-lowed by the Ranking Member and all other members alternating between the majority and minority party. The Chair shall exercise discretion in determining the order in which members will be recognized. In recognizing members to question witnesses in this fash-ion, the Chair shall take into consideration the ratio of the majority to minority party members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to place the members of the majority party in a disadvantageous posi-tion. 
(b) The Chair may permit a specified num-
ber of members to question a witness for longer than five minutes. The time for ex-tended questioning of a witness under this clause shall be equal for the majority party and the minority party and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(c) The Chair may permit Committee staff 
for the majority and the minority party members to question a witness for equal specified periods. The time for extended questioning of a witness under this clause shall be equal for the majority party and the minority party and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(d) In an investigative hearing or in an ex-
ecutive session, the Chair’s authority to ex-tend questioning under subsection (b) and (c) of this rule shall be equal for the majority and the minority party and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate, and shall only be conducted by counsel for the majority and the minority party when authorized under subsection (c) of this rule. 
RULE 9 . SUBPOENA AUTHORITY  
The power to authorize and issue sub-
poenas is delegated to the Chair of the full Committee, as provided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chair shall notify the Ranking Member prior to issuing any subpoena under such authority. To the extent practicable, the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Member at least 24 hours in advance of a subpoena being issued under such authority, excluding Saturdays, Sun-days, and federal holidays. As soon as prac-ticable after issuing any subpoena under such authority, the Chair shall notify in writing all members of the Committee of the issuance of the subpoena. 
RULE 10 . DEPOSITION PROCEDURE  
(a) In accordance with the Committee re-
ceiving authorization by the House of Rep-resentatives for the taking of depositions in furtherance of a Committee investigation, the Chair, upon consultation with the Rank-ing Member, may order the taking of deposi-tions pursuant to notice or subpoena as con-templated by this rule. 
(b) The Chair or majority staff shall con-
sult with the Ranking Member or minority staff no less than three business days before any notice or subpoena for a deposition is issued. After such consultation, all members shall receive written notice that a notice or subpoena for a deposition will be issued. 
(c) A notice or subpoena issued under this 
rule shall specify the date, time, and place of the deposition and the method or methods by which the deposition will be recorded. Prior to testifying, a deponent shall be provided with a copy of the Committee’s rules, the House Resolution authorizing the taking of 
the deposition, and Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(d)(1) A deposition shall be conducted by 
one or more members or Committee counsel as designated by the Chair or Ranking Mem-ber. 
(2) A deposition shall be taken under oath 
or affirmation administered by a member or a person otherwise authorized to administer oaths and affirmations. 
(3) A deposition shall be, unless waived by 
the deponent, attended by a member of the Committee. 
(e) A deponent may be accompanied at a 
deposition by counsel to advise the deponent of the deponent’s rights. Only members and Committee counsel, however, may examine the deponent. No one may be present at a deposition other than members, Committee staff designated by the Chair or Ranking Member, such individuals as may be required to administer the oath or affirmation and transcribe or record the proceedings, the de-ponent, and the deponent’s counsel (includ-ing personal counsel and counsel for the en-tity employing the deponent if the scope of the deposition is expected to cover actions taken as part of the deponent’s employ-ment). Observers or counsel for other persons or entities may not attend. 
(f)(1) Unless the majority, minority, and 
deponent agree otherwise, questions in a dep-osition shall be propounded in rounds, alter-nating between the majority and minority. A single round shall not exceed 60 minutes per side, unless the members or counsel con-ducting the deposition agree to a different length of questioning. In each round, a mem-ber or Committee counsel designated by the Chair shall ask questions first, and the mem-ber or Committee counsel designated by the Ranking Member shall ask questions second. 
(2) Any objection made during a deposition 
must be stated concisely and in a non-argu-mentative and non-suggestive manner. Depo-nent may refuse to answer a question only to preserve a privilege. When the deponent has objected and refused to answer a question to preserve a privilege, the Chair may rule on any such objection after the deposition has adjourned. If the Chair overrules any such objection and thereby orders a deponent to answer any question to which a privilege ob-jection was lodged, such ruling shall be filed with the clerk of the Committee and shall be provided to members and the deponent no less than three days before the ruling is en-forced at a reconvened deposition. If a mem-ber of the Committee appeals in writing the ruling of the Chair, the appeal shall be pre-served for Committee consideration. A depo-nent who refuses to answer a question after being directed to answer by the Chair in writing may be subject to sanction, except that no sanctions may be imposed if the rul-ing of the Chair is reversed on appeal. In all cases, when deposition testimony for which an objection has been made is offered for ad-mission in evidence before the Committee, all properly lodged objections then made shall be timely and shall be considered by the Committee prior to admission in evi-dence before the Committee. 
(g) Deposition testimony shall be tran-
scribed by stenographic means and may also be video recorded. The clerk of the Com-mittee shall receive the transcript and any video recording and promptly forward such to minority staff at the same time the clerk distributes such to other majority staff. 
(h) The individual administering the oath 
shall certify on the transcript that the depo-nent was duly sworn. The transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true, ver-batim record of the testimony, and the tran-script and any exhibits shall be filed, as shall any video recording, with the clerk of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1758 March 18, 2015 
Committee. In no case shall any video re-
cording be considered the official transcript of a deposition or otherwise supersede the certified written transcript. 
(i) After receiving the transcript, majority 
staff shall make available the transcript for review by the deponent or deponent’s coun-sel. No later than ten business days there-after, the deponent may submit suggested changes to the Chair. Committee majority staff may direct the clerk of the Committee to note any typographical errors, including any requested by the deponent or minority staff, via an errata sheet appended to the transcript. Any proposed substantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments to the deposition testimony must be submitted by the deponent as an af-fidavit that includes the deponent’s reasons therefore. Any substantive changes, modi-fications, clarifications, or amendments shall be included as an appendix to the tran-script, a copy of which shall be promptly for-warded to minority staff. 
(j) The Chair and Ranking Member shall 
consult regarding the release of deposition transcript or electronic recordings. If either objects in writing to a proposed release of a deposition transcript or electronic recording or a portion thereof, the matter shall be promptly referred to the Committee for reso-lution. 
RULE 11 . QUORUMS  
One-third of the members of the Com-
mittee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for taking any action other than amending Committee rules, closing a meet-ing from the public, reporting a measure or recommendation, or in the case of the Com-mittee or a subcommittee authorizing a sub-poena. For the enumerated actions, a major-ity of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum. Any two members shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of tak-ing testimony and receiving evidence. 
RULE 12 . REFERRAL OF BILLS , RESOLUTIONS , 
AND OTHER MATTERS  
(a) The Chair shall consult with sub-
committee chair regarding referral to the appropriate subcommittees of such bills, res-olutions, and other matters that have been referred to the Committee. Once copies of a bill, resolution, or other matter are avail-able to the Committee, the Chair shall, with-in three weeks of such availability, provide notice of referral, if any, to the appropriate subcommittee. 
(b) Referral to a subcommittee shall not be 
made until three days have elapsed after written notification of such proposed referral to all subcommittee chair, at which time such proposed referral shall be made unless one or more subcommittee chair shall have given written notice to the Chair of the full Committee and to the chair of each sub-committee that he or she intends to question such proposed referral at the next regularly scheduled meeting of the Committee, or at a special meeting of the Committee called for that purpose, at which time referral shall be made by the majority members of the Com-mittee. All bills shall be referred under this rule to the subcommittee of proper jurisdic-tion without regard to whether the author is or is not a member of the subcommittee. Upon a majority vote of the Committee, a bill, resolution, or other matter referred to a subcommittee in accordance with this rule may be recalled at any time for the Commit-tee’s direct consideration or for reference to another subcommittee. 
(c) The Chair shall announce the date, 
place, and subject matter of a Committee meeting, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which members have notice thereof; but this requirement may be waived if the Chair of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Member, de-
termines that there is good cause or the Committee so determines by majority vote in the presence of the number of members re-quired under the rules of the Committee for the transaction of such business. 
(d) When a bill or resolution is being con-
sidered by the Committee or a sub-committee, members shall provide the clerk in a timely manner a sufficient number of written copies of any amendment offered, so as to enable each member present to receive a copy thereof prior to taking action. A point of order may be made against any amendment not reduced to writing. A copy of each such amendment shall be maintained in the public records of the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be. 
(e) In determining the order in which 
amendments to a matter pending before the Committee or a subcommittee will be con-sidered, the Chair may give priority to: 
(1) The Chair’s mark, and (2) Amendments, otherwise in order, that 
have been filed with the Committee at least 24 hours prior to the Committee or sub-committee business meeting on said measure or matter. 
RULE 13 . VOTES  
(a) With respect to each roll call vote on a 
motion to report any bill, resolution, or mat-ter of a public character, and on any amend-ment offered thereto, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those members voting for and against, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
(b) In accordance with clause 2(h) of Rule 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the Chair of the Committee or a sub-committee is authorized to postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or mat-ter or on adopting an amendment. Such Chair may resume proceedings on a post-poned request at any time after reasonable notice. When proceedings resume on a post-poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
RULE 14 . RECORDS AND ROLLCALLS  
(a) Written records shall be kept of the 
proceedings of the Committee and of each subcommittee, including a record of the votes on any question on which a roll call is demanded. The result of each such roll call vote shall be made available by the Com-mittee or subcommittee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee or subcommittee and shall be made available on the Committee’s website within 48 hours of such record vote. Information so available for public inspec-tion and on the Committee’s website shall include a description of the amendment, mo-tion, order, or other proposition; the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, 
order, or proposition; and the names of those members present but not voting. The text of an amendment offered to a measure or mat-ter considered in Committee shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than 24 hours after its final disposition in Committee. A record vote may be de-manded by one-fifth of the members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one member. 
(b) In accordance with Rule VII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, any official permanent record of the Committee (including any record of a legislative, over-sight, or other activity of the Committee or any subcommittee) shall be made available for public use if such record has been in ex-istence for 30 years, except that— (1) any record that the Committee (or a 
subcommittee) makes available for public use before such record is delivered to the Ar-chivist under clause 2 of Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives shall be made available immediately, including any record described in subsection (a) of this Rule; 
(2) any investigative record that contains 
personal data relating to a specific living in-dividual (the disclosure of which would be an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy), any administrative record with respect to personnel, and any record with respect to a hearing closed pursuant to clause 2(g)(2) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives shall be available if such record has been in existence for 50 years; or 
(3) except as otherwise provided by order of 
the House of Representatives, any record of the Committee for which a time, schedule, or condition for availability is specified by order of the Committee (entered during the Congress in which the record is made or ac-quired by the Committee) shall be made available in accordance with the order of the Committee. 
(c) The official permanent records of the 
Committee include noncurrent records of the Committee (including subcommittees) deliv-ered by the Clerk of the House of Represent-atives to the Archivist of the United States for preservation at the National Archives and Records Administration, which are the property of and remain subject to the rules and orders of the House of Representatives. 
(d)(1) Any order of the Committee with re-
spect to any matter described in paragraph (2) of this subsection shall be adopted only if the notice requirements of Committee Rule 12(c) have been met, a quorum consisting of a majority of the members of the Committee is present at the time of the vote, and a ma-jority of those present and voting approve the adoption of the order, which shall be sub-mitted to the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives, together with any accom-panying report. 
(2) This subsection applies to any order of 
the Committee which— 
(A) provides for the non-availability of any 
record subject to subsection (b) of this rule for a period longer than the period otherwise applicable; or 
(B) is subsequent to, and constitutes a 
later order under clause 4(b) of Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, regarding a determination of the Clerk of the House of Representatives with respect to au-thorizing the Archivist of the United States to make available for public use the records delivered to the Archivist under clause 2 of Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives; or 
(C) specifies a time, schedule, or condition 
for availability pursuant to subsection (b)(3) of this Rule. 
RULE 15 . REPORTS  
(a) Reports of the Committee. All Com-
mittee reports on bills or resolutions shall comply with the provisions of clause 2 of Rule XI and clauses 2, 3, and 4 of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(1) No such report shall be filed until cop-
ies of the proposed report have been avail-able to all members at least 36 hours prior to such filing in the House of Representatives. No material change shall be made in the re-port distributed to members unless agreed to by the Ranking Member; but any member or members of the Committee may file, as part of the printed report, individual, minority, or dissenting views, without regard to the preceding provisions of this rule. 
(2) Such 36-hour period shall not conclude 
earlier than the end of the period provided under clause 4 of Rule XIII of the Rules of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1759 March 18, 2015 
the House of Representatives after the Com-
mittee approves a measure or matter if a member, at the time of such approval, gives notice of intention to file supplemental, mi-nority, or additional views for inclusion as part of the printed report. 
(3) To the extent practicable, any report 
prepared pursuant to a Committee or sub-committee study or investigation shall be available to members no later than 48 hours prior to consideration of any such report by the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be. 
(b) Disclaimers. (1) A report on activities of the Committee 
required under clause 1 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives shall include the following disclaimer in the docu-ment transmitting the report to the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
This report has not been officially adopted 
by the Committee on Education and the Workforce or any subcommittee thereof and therefore may not necessarily reflect the views of its members. 
Such disclaimer need not be included if the 
report was circulated to all members of the Committee at least seven days prior to its submission to the House of Representatives and provision is made for the filing by any member, as part of the printed report, of in-dividual, minority, or dissenting views. 
(2) All Committee or subcommittee reports 
printed pursuant to legislative study or in-vestigation and not approved by a majority vote of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, shall contain the following dis-claimer on the cover of such report: 
This report has not been officially adopted 
by the Committee on Education and the Workforce (or pertinent subcommittee there-of) and therefore may not necessarily reflect the views of its members. 
The minority party members of the Com-
mittee or subcommittee shall have three cal-endar days, excluding weekends and holi-days, to file, as part of the printed report, supplemental, minority, or additional views. 
(c) Reports of Subcommittees. Whenever a 
subcommittee has ordered a bill, resolution, or other matter to be reported to the Com-mittee, the chair of the subcommittee re-porting the bill, resolution, or matter to the Committee, or any member authorized by the subcommittee to do so, may report such bill, resolution, or matter to the Committee. It shall be the duty of the chair of the sub-committee to report or cause to be reported promptly such bill, resolution, or matter, and to take or cause to be taken the nec-essary steps to bring such bill, resolution, or matter to a vote. 
(1) In any event, the report, described in 
the proviso in subsection (c)(2) of this rule, of any subcommittee on a measure which has been approved by the subcommittee shall be filed within seven calendar days (exclusive of days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the staff director of the Committee a written request, signed by a majority of the members of the subcommittee, for the re-porting of that measure. Upon the filing of any such request, the staff director of the Committee shall transmit immediately to the chair of the subcommittee a notice of the filing of that request. 
(2) Bills, resolutions, or other matters fa-
vorably reported by a subcommittee shall automatically be placed upon the agenda of the Committee as of the time they are re-ported. No bill or resolution or other matter reported by a subcommittee shall be consid-ered by the full Committee unless it has been delivered or electronically sent to all mem-bers and notice of its prior transmission has been in the hands of all members at least 48 hours prior to such consideration. A member of the Committee shall receive, upon his or 
her request, a paper copy of such bill, resolu-tion, or other matter reported. When a bill is reported from a subcommittee, such measure shall be accompanied by a section-by-section analysis; and, if the Chair of the Committee so requires (in response to a request from the Ranking Member of the Committee or for other reasons), a comparison showing pro-posed changes in existing law. 
RULE 16 . APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES , NOTICE  
OF CONFERENCE MEETINGS , AND CONFERENCE  
MOTION  
(a) Whenever in the legislative process it 
becomes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chair shall recommend to the Speaker as conferees the names of those members of the subcommittee which handled the legislation in the order of their seniority upon such sub-committee and such other Committee mem-bers as the Chair may designate with the ap-proval of the majority party members. Rec-ommendations of the Chair to the Speaker shall provide a ratio of majority party mem-bers to minority party members no less fa-vorable to the majority party than the ratio of majority members to minority party members on the full Committee. In making assignments of minority party members as conferees, the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Member of the Committee. 
(b) After the appointment of conferees pur-
suant to clause 11 of Rule I of the Rules of the House of Representatives for matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee, the Chair shall notify all members appointed to the conference of meetings at least 48 hours before the commencement of the meet-ing. If such notice is not possible, then no-tice shall be given as soon as possible. 
(c) The Chair is directed to offer a motion 
under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Representatives whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
RULE 17 . MEASURES TO BE CONSIDERED UNDER  
SUSPENSION  
A member of the Committee may not seek 
to suspend the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives on any bill, resolution, or other matter which has been modified after such measure is ordered reported, unless notice of such action has been given to the Chair and Ranking Member of the full Committee. 
RULE 18 . BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE  
HEARINGS AND MEETINGS  
(a) Television, Radio and Still Photog-
raphy.— 
(1) Whenever a hearing or meeting con-
ducted by the Committee or any sub-committee is open to the public, those pro-ceedings shall be open to coverage by tele-vision, radio, and still photography subject to the requirements of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives and except when the hearing or meeting is closed pursuant to the Rules of the House of Representatives and of the Committee. The coverage of any hearing or meeting of the Committee or any subcommittee thereof by television, radio, or still photography shall be under the direct supervision of the Chair of the Committee, the subcommittee chair, or other member of the Committee presiding at such hearing or meeting and may be ter-minated by such member in accordance with the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(2) Personnel providing coverage by the 
television and radio media shall be then cur-rently accredited to the Radio and Tele-vision Correspondents’ Galleries. 
(3) Personnel providing coverage by still 
photography shall be then accredited to the Press Photographers’ Gallery. 
(b) Audio and Video Coverage of Com-
mittee Hearings and Meetings.—To the max-imum extent practicable, the Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of 
each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the pub-lic to easily listen to and view the pro-ceedings and shall maintain the recordings 
of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. Such coverage shall be fair and nonpartisan in accordance with clause 4(b) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives and other applica-ble rules of the House of Representatives and of the Committee. Personnel providing such coverage shall be employees of the House of Representatives or currently accredited to the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. 
RULE 19 . COMMITTEE STAFF  
(a) The employees of the Committee shall 
be appointed by the Chair in consultation with subcommittee chair and other majority party members of the Committee within the budget approved for such purposes by the Committee. 
(b) The staff appointed by the minority 
shall have their remuneration determined in such manner as the minority party members of the Committee shall determine within the budget approved for such purposes by the Committee. 
RULE 20 . SUPERVISION AND DUTIES OF  
COMMITTEE STAFF  
The staff of the Committee shall be under 
the general supervision and direction of the Chair, who shall establish and assign the du-ties and responsibilities of such staff mem-bers and delegate authority as he or she de-termines appropriate. The staff appointed by the minority shall be under the general su-pervision and direction of the minority party members of the Committee, who may dele-gate such authority as they determine ap-propriate. All Committee staff shall be as-signed to Committee business and no other duties may be assigned to them. 
RULE 21 . AUTHORIZATION FOR TRAVEL  
(a) Consistent with the primary expense 
resolution and such additional expense reso-lutions as may have been approved, the pro-visions of this rule shall govern travel of Committee members and staff. Travel to be paid from funds set aside for the full Com-mittee for any member or any staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authoriza-tion of the Chair. Travel may be authorized by the Chair for any member and any staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee or any subcommittee thereof and meetings, conferences, and investigations that involve activities or subject matter under the gen-eral jurisdiction of the Committee. The Chair shall review travel requests to assure the validity to Committee business. Before such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the fol-lowing: 
(1) The purpose of the travel; (2) The dates during which the travel is to 
be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made; 
(3) The location of the event for which the 
travel is to be made; and 
(4) The names of members and staff seek-
ing authorization. 
(b)(1) In the case of travel outside the 
United States of members and staff of the Committee for the purpose of conducting hearings, investigations, studies, or attend-ing meetings and conferences involving ac-tivities or subject matter under the legisla-tive assignment of the Committee or perti-nent subcommittees, prior authorization must be obtained from the Chair, or, in the case of a subcommittee, from the sub-committee chair and the Chair. Before such authorization is given, there shall be sub-mitted to the Chair, in writing, a request for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1760 March 18, 2015 
such authorization. Each request, which 
shall be filed in a manner that allows for a reasonable period of time for review before such travel is scheduled to begin, shall in-clude the following: 
(A) The purpose of travel; (B) The dates during which the travel will 
occur; 
(C) The names of the countries to be vis-
ited and the length of time to be spent in each; 
(D) an agenda of anticipated activities for 
each country for which travel is authorized together with a description of the purpose to be served and the areas of Committee juris-diction involved; and 
(E) The names of members and staff for 
whom authorization is sought. 
(2) Requests for travel outside the United 
States may be initiated by the Chair or the chair of a subcommittee (except that indi-viduals may submit a request to the Chair for the purpose of attending a conference or meeting) and shall be limited to members and permanent employees of the Committee. 
(3) The Chair shall not approve a request 
involving travel outside the United States while the House is in session (except in the case of attendance at meetings and con-ferences or where circumstances warrant an exception). 
(4) At the conclusion of any hearing, inves-
tigation, study, meeting, or conference for which travel outside the United States has been authorized pursuant to this rule, each subcommittee (or members and staff attend-ing meetings or conferences) shall submit a written report to the Chair covering the ac-tivities of the subcommittee and containing the results of these activities and other per-tinent observations or information gained as a result of such travel. 
(c) Members and staff of the Committee 
performing authorized travel on official busi-ness shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, or regulations of the House of Representatives and of the Committee on House Administration pertaining to such travel, including rules, procedures, and limi-tations prescribed by the Committee on House Administration with respect to do-mestic and foreign expense allowances. 
(d) Prior to the Chair’s authorization for 
any travel, the Ranking Member shall be given a copy of the written request therefor. 
RULE 22 . BUDGET AND EXPENSES  
(a) The Chair, in consultation with the ma-
jority party members of the Committee, shall prepare a preliminary budget. Such budget shall include necessary amounts for staff personnel, for necessary travel, inves-tigation, and other expenses of the Com-mittee; and, after consultation with the mi-nority party membership, the Chair shall in-clude amounts budgeted to the minority party members for staff personnel to be under the direction and supervision of the minority party, travel expenses of minority party members and staff, and minority party office expenses. All travel expenses of minor-ity party members and staff shall be paid for out of the amounts so set aside and budg-eted. The Chair shall take whatever action is necessary to have the budget as finally ap-proved by the Committee duly authorized by the House of Representatives. After such budget shall have been adopted, no change shall be made in such budget unless approved by the Committee. The Chair or the chair of any standing subcommittee may initiate necessary travel requests as provided in Committee Rule 21 within the limits of their portion of the consolidated budget as ap-proved by the House, and the Chair may exe-cute necessary vouchers therefor. 
(b) Subject to the Rules of the House of 
Representatives and procedures prescribed by the Committee on House Administration, 
and with the prior authorization of the Chair of the Committee in each case, there may be expended in any one session of Congress for necessary travel expenses of witnesses at-tending hearings in Washington, D.C.: 
(1) Out of funds budgeted and set aside for 
each subcommittee, not to exceed $5,000 for expenses of witnesses attending hearings of each such subcommittee; 
(2) Out of funds budgeted for the full Com-
mittee majority, not to exceed $5,000 for ex-penses of witnesses attending full Committee hearings; and 
(3) Out of funds set aside to the minority 
party members, (A) Not to exceed, for each of the subcommittees, $5,000 for expenses of witnesses attending subcommittee hearings, and (B) Not to exceed $5,000 for expenses of witnesses attending full Committee hear-ings. 
(c) A full and detailed monthly report ac-
counting for all expenditures of Committee funds shall be maintained in the Committee office, where it shall be available to each member of the Committee. Such report shall show the amount and purpose of each ex-penditure, and the budget to which such ex-penditure is attributed. 
RULE 23 . CHANGES IN COMMITTEE RULES  
The Committee shall not consider a pro-
posed change in these rules unless the text of such change has been delivered or electroni-cally sent to all members and notice of its prior transmission has been in the hands of all members at least 48 hours prior to such consideration; a member of the Committee shall receive, upon his or her request, a paper copy of the proposed change. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL  
SERVICES FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I submit 
for publication the attached copy of the rules of the Committee on Financial Services of the U.S. House of Representatives as adopted on January 14, 2015, for the 114th Congress: 
RULE1 
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) The rules of the House are the rules of 
the Committee on Financial Services (here-inafter in these rules referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or res-olution, if printed copies are available, are privileged motions in the Committee and shall be considered without debate. A pro-posed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sun-days, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day). 
(b) Each subcommittee is a part of the 
Committee, and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. 
(c) The provisions of clause 2 of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. 
R
ULE2 
MEETINGS  
Calling of Meetings 
(a)(1) The Committee shall regularly meet 
on the first Tuesday of each month when the House is in session. 
(2) A regular meeting of the Committee 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chairman of the Committee (hereinafter 
in these rules referred to as the ‘‘Chair’’), there is no need for the meeting. 
(3) Additional regular meetings and hear-
ings of the Committee may be called by the Chair, in accordance with clause 2(g)(3) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(4) Special meetings shall be called and 
convened by the Chair as provided in clause 2(c)(2) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
Notice for Meetings 
(b)(1) The Chair shall notify each member 
of the Committee of the agenda of each reg-ular meeting of the Committee at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sun-days, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) before the time of the meeting. 
(2) The Chair shall provide to each member 
of the Committee, at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) before the time of each regular meeting for each measure or matter on the agenda a copy of— 
(A) the measure or materials relating to 
the matter in question; and 
(B) an explanation of the measure or mat-
ter to be considered, which, in the case of an explanation of a bill, resolution, or similar measure, shall include a summary of the major provisions of the legislation, an expla-nation of the relationship of the measure to present law, and a summary of the need for the legislation. 
(3) At least 24 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, the Chair shall cause the text of such legislation to be made publicly avail-able in electronic form. 
(4) The provisions of this subsection may 
be waived by a two-thirds vote of the Com-mittee or by the Chair with the concurrence of the ranking minority member. 
R
ULE3 
MEETING AND HEARING PROCEDURES  
In General 
(a)(1) Meetings and hearings of the Com-
mittee shall be called to order and presided over by the Chair or, in the Chair’s absence, by a member designated by the Chair to carry out such duties. 
(2) Meetings and hearings of the committee 
shall be open to the public unless closed in accordance with clause 2(g) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(3) Any meeting or hearing of the Com-
mittee that is open to the public shall be open to coverage by television broadcast, radio broadcast, and still photography in ac-cordance with the provisions of clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the House (which are incorporated by reference as part of these rules). Operation and use of any Committee operated broadcast system shall be fair and nonpartisan and in accordance with clause 4(b) of rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. 
(4) To the extent feasible, members and 
witnesses may use the Committee equipment for the purpose of presenting information electronically during a meeting or hearing, provided the information is transmitted to the appropriate Committee staff in an appro-priate electronic format at least one busi-ness day before the meeting or hearing so as to ensure display capacity and quality. The content of all materials must relate to the pending business of the Committee and con-form to the Rules of the House. The con-fidentiality of the material will be main-tained by the technical staff until its official presentation to the Committee members. For the purposes of maintaining the official records of the Committee, printed copies of all materials presented, to the extent prac-ticable, must accompany the presentations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1761 March 18, 2015 
(5) No person, other than a Member of Con-
gress, Committee staff, or an employee of a Member when that Member has an amend-ment under consideration, may stand in or be seated at the rostrum area of the Com-mittee rooms unless the Chair determines otherwise. 
Quorum 
(b)(1) For the purpose of taking testimony 
and receiving evidence, two members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
(2) A majority of the members of the Com-
mittee shall constitute a quorum for the pur-poses of reporting any measure or matter, of authorizing a subpoena (other than a sub-poena authorized and issued by the Chair pursuant to subsection (e)(1)), of closing a meeting or hearing pursuant to clause 2(g) of rule XI of the Rules of the House (except as provided in clause 2(g)(2)(A) and (B)) or of re-leasing executive session material pursuant to clause 2(k)(7) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(3) For the purpose of taking any action 
other than those specified in paragraph (2), one-third of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
Voting 
(c)(1) No vote may be conducted on any 
measure or matter pending before the Com-mittee unless the requisite number of mem-bers of the Committee is actually present for such purpose. 
(2) A record vote of the Committee shall be 
provided on any question before the Com-mittee upon the request of one-fifth of the members present. 
(3) No vote by any member of the Com-
mittee on any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
(4) In addition to any other requirement of 
these rules or the Rules of the House, includ-ing clause 2(e)(1)(B) of rule XI, the Chair shall make the record of the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded publicly available for inspection at the of-fices of the Committee and in electronic form on the Committee’s Web site not later than one business day after such vote is taken. Such record shall include in elec-tronic form the text of the amendment, mo-tion, order, or other proposition, the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members of the Committee present but not voting. With respect to any record vote on any motion to report or record vote on any amendment, a record of such votes shall be included in the report of the Committee showing the total number of votes cast for and against and the names of those members of the Committee present but not voting. 
(5) P
OSTPONED RECORD VOTES.—(A) Subject 
to subparagraph (B), the Chairman may post-pone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amend-ment. The Chairman may resume pro-ceedings on a postponed request at any time, but no later than the next meeting day. 
(B) In exercising postponement authority 
under subparagraph (A), the Chairman shall take all reasonable steps necessary to notify members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. 
(C) When proceedings resume on a post-
poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
(D) The Chair’s authority to postpone re-
corded votes will not be used to prejudice a member with regard to the offering of an-other amendment. In the application of this rule, the Chair will consult regularly with the ranking minority member regarding the 
scheduling of the resumption of postponed votes. 
Hearing Procedures 
(d)(1)(A) The Chair shall make public an-
nouncement of the date, place, and subject matter of any committee hearing at least one week before the commencement of the hearing, unless the Chair, with the concur-rence of the ranking minority member, or the Committee by majority vote with a quorum present for the transaction of busi-ness, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, in which case the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. 
(B) Not less than three days before the 
commencement of a hearing (excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) announced under this paragraph, the Chair shall provide to the members of the Committee a concise summary of the subject of the hearing, or, in the case of a hearing on a measure or matter, a copy of the measure or materials relating to the matter in ques-tion and a concise explanation of the meas-ure or matter to be considered. At the same time the Chair provides the information re-quired by the preceding sentence, the Chair shall also provide to the members of the Committee a list of the witnesses expected to appear before the Committee at that hear-ing. The witness list may not be modified within 24 hours of a hearing, unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines there is good cause for such modification. 
(2) To the greatest extent practicable— (A) each witness who is to appear before 
the Committee shall file with the Committee two business days in advance of the appear-ance sufficient copies (including a copy in electronic form), as determined by the Chair, of a written statement of proposed testi-mony and shall limit the oral presentation to the Committee to brief summary thereof; and 
(B) each witness appearing in a non-gov-
ernmental capacity shall include with the written statement of proposed testimony a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of the amount and source (by agency and program) of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) received during the current fiscal year or either of the two preceding fiscal years. Such disclo-sure statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness ap-pears. 
(3) The requirements of paragraph (2)(A) 
may be modified or waived by the Chair when the Chair determines it to be in the best interest of the Committee. 
(4)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the 
five-minute rule shall be observed in the in-terrogation of witnesses before the Com-mittee or any of its subcommittees until each present member thereof has had an op-portunity to question the witnesses. No member shall be recognized for a second pe-riod of five minutes to interrogate witnesses until each present member of the Committee or such subcommittee has been recognized once for that purpose. 
(B) The Chair may permit a specified num-
ber of members to question one or more wit-nesses for a specified period of time not to exceed 60 minutes in the aggregate, equally divided between and controlled by the Chair and the ranking minority member. 
(5) Whenever any hearing is conducted by 
the Committee on any measure or matter, the minority party members of the Com-mittee shall be entitled, upon the request of a majority of them before the completion of 
the hearing, to call witnesses with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. The Chair, with the concurrence of the ranking minority mem-ber, will determine the date, time, and place of such hearing. 
(6) At any hearing of the Committee, open-
ing statements by members of the Com-mittee shall be limited to 10 minutes in the aggregate. The Chair shall control five min-utes and recognize members in the Chair’s sole discretion. The ranking minority mem-ber shall control five minutes; the Chair shall recognize members for such five min-utes according to the direction of the rank-ing minority member as communicated to the Chair. 
(7) Notwithstanding any member’s oral de-
livery of an opening statement, written opening statements by any member of the Committee submitted to the Chair within 5 legislative days after the adjournment of a hearing shall be made a part of the official hearing record thereof. 
Subpoenas and Oaths 
(e)(1) The power to authorize and issue sub-
poenas is delegated to the Chair. The Chair will provide written notice to the ranking minority member at least 48 hours in ad-vance of the authorization and issuance of a subpoena, except when exigent cir-cumstances exist that do not permit such amount of notice, in which case the Chair shall provide such notice as soon as possible. 
(2) Authorized subpoenas shall be signed by 
the Chair or by any member designated by the Committee, and may be served by any person designated by the Chair or such mem-ber. 
(3) The Chair, or any member of the Com-
mittee designated by the Chair, may admin-ister oaths to witnesses before the Com-mittee. 
R
ULE4 
PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING MEASURES OR  
MATTERS  
(a) No measure or matter shall be reported 
from the Committee unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. 
(b) The Chair of the Committee shall re-
port or cause to be reported promptly to the House any measure approved by the Com-mittee and take necessary steps to bring a matter to a vote. 
(c) The report of the Committee on a meas-
ure which has been approved by the Com-mittee shall be filed within seven calendar days (exclusive of days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the clerk of the Com-mittee a written request, signed by a major-ity of the members of the Committee, for the reporting of that measure pursuant to the provisions of clause 2(b)(2) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House. 
(d) All reports printed by the Committee 
pursuant to a legislative study or investiga-tion and not approved by a majority vote of the Committee shall contain the following disclaimer on the cover of such report: ‘‘This report has not been officially adopted by the Committee on Financial Services and may not necessarily reflect the views of its Mem-bers.’’ 
(e) The Chair is directed to offer a motion 
under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
R
ULE5 
SUBCOMMITTEES  
Establishment and Responsibilities of 
Subcommittees 
(a)(1) There shall be five subcommittees of 
the Committee as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1762 March 18, 2015 
(A)SUBCOMMITTEE ON CAPITAL MARKETS AND  
GOVERNMENT SPONSORED ENTERPRISES .—The 
jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enter-prises includes— 
(i) securities, exchanges, and finance; (ii) capital markets activities, including 
business capital formation and venture cap-ital; 
(iii) activities involving futures, forwards, 
options, and other types of derivative instru-ments; 
(iv) the Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion; 
(v) secondary market organizations for 
home mortgages, including the Federal Na-tional Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation; 
(vi) the Federal Housing Finance Agency; 
and 
(vii) the Federal Home Loan Banks. 
(B)SUBCOMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS AND CONSUMER CREDIT .—The jurisdic-
tion of the Subcommittee on Financial Insti-tutions and Consumer Credit includes— 
(i) all agencies, including the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve System, and the Na-tional Credit Union Administration, which directly or indirectly exercise supervisory or regulatory authority in connection with, or provide deposit insurance for, financial insti-tutions, and the establishment of interest rate ceilings on deposits; 
(ii) all matters related to the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection; 
(iii) the chartering, branching, merger, ac-
quisition, consolidation, or conversion of fi-nancial institutions; 
(iv) consumer credit, including the provi-
sion of consumer credit by insurance compa-nies, and further including those matters in the Consumer Credit Protection Act dealing with truth in lending, extortionate credit transactions, restrictions on garnishments, fair credit reporting and the use of credit in-formation by credit bureaus and credit pro-viders, equal credit opportunity, debt collec-tion practices, and electronic funds trans-fers, including consumer transactions using mobile devices; 
(v) creditor remedies and debtor defenses, 
Federal aspects of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, credit and debit cards, and the preemption of State usury laws; 
(vi) consumer access to financial services, 
including the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and the Community Reinvestment Act; 
(vii) the terms and rules of disclosure of fi-
nancial services, including the advertise-ment, promotion and pricing of financial services, and availability of government check cashing services; 
(viii) deposit insurance; and (ix) consumer access to savings accounts 
and checking accounts in financial institu-tions, including lifeline banking and other consumer accounts. 
(C)SUBCOMMITTEE ON HOUSING AND INSUR -
ANCE .—The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee 
on Housing and Insurance includes— 
(i) insurance generally; terrorism risk in-
surance; private mortgage insurance; govern-ment sponsored insurance programs, includ-ing those offering protection against crime, fire, flood (and related land use controls), earthquake and other natural hazards; the Federal Insurance Office; 
(ii) housing (except programs administered 
by the Department of Veterans Affairs), in-cluding mortgage and loan insurance pursu-ant to the National Housing Act; rural hous-ing; housing and homeless assistance pro-grams; all activities of the Government Na-tional Mortgage Association; housing con-struction and design and safety standards; 
housing-related energy conservation; hous-ing research and demonstration programs; fi-nancial and technical assistance for non-profit housing sponsors; housing counseling and technical assistance; regulation of the housing industry (including landlord/tenant relations); and real estate lending including regulation of settlement procedures; 
(iii) community development and commu-
nity and neighborhood planning, training and research; national urban growth policies; urban/rural research and technologies; and regulation of interstate land sales; and 
(iv) the qualifications for and designation 
of Empowerment Zones and Enterprise Com-munities (other than matters relating to tax benefits). 
(D)SUBCOMMITTEE ON MONETARY POLICY AND  
TRADE .—The jurisdiction of the Sub-
committee on Monetary Policy and Trade in-cludes— 
(i) financial aid to all sectors and elements 
within the economy; 
(ii) economic growth and stabilization; (iii) defense production matters as con-
tained in the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended; 
(iv) domestic monetary policy, and agen-
cies which directly or indirectly affect do-mestic monetary policy, including the effect of such policy and other financial actions on interest rates, the allocation of credit, and the structure and functioning of domestic fi-nancial institutions; 
(v) coins, coinage, currency, and medals, 
including commemorative coins and medals, proof and mint sets and other special coins, the Coinage Act of 1965, gold and silver, in-cluding the coinage thereof (but not the par value of gold), gold medals, counterfeiting, currency denominations and design, the dis-tribution of coins, and the operations of the Bureau of the Mint and the Bureau of En-graving and Printing; 
(vi) development of new or alternative 
forms of currency; 
(vii) multilateral development lending in-
stitutions, including activities of the Na-tional Advisory Council on International Monetary and Financial Policies as related thereto, and monetary and financial develop-ments as they relate to the activities and ob-jectives of such institutions; 
(viii) international trade, including but not 
limited to the activities of the Export-Im-port Bank; 
(ix) the International Monetary Fund, its 
permanent and temporary agencies, and all matters related thereto; and 
(x) international investment policies, both 
as they relate to United States investments for trade purposes by citizens of the United States and investments made by all foreign entities in the United States. 
(E)SUBCOMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND INVES -
TIGATIONS .—The jurisdiction of the Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investigations includes— 
(i) the oversight of all agencies, depart-
ments, programs, and matters within the ju-risdiction of the Committee, including the development of recommendations with re-gard to the necessity or desirability of enact-ing, changing, or repealing any legislation within the jurisdiction of the Committee, and for conducting investigations within such jurisdiction; and 
(ii) research and analysis regarding mat-
ters within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, including the impact or probable im-pact of tax policies affecting matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
(2) In addition, each such subcommittee 
shall have specific responsibility for such other measures or matters as the Chair re-fers to it. 
(3) Each subcommittee of the Committee 
shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, exe-
cution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its general responsibility. 
Referral of Measures and Matters to 
Subcommittees 
(b)(1) The Chair shall regularly refer to one 
or more subcommittees such measures and matters as the Chair deems appropriate given its jurisdiction and responsibilities. In making such a referral, the Chair may des-ignate a subcommittee of primary jurisdic-tion and subcommittees of additional or se-quential jurisdiction. 
(2) All other measures or matters shall be 
subject to consideration by the full Com-mittee. 
(3) In referring any measure or matter to a 
subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Committee. 
(4) The Chair, in his or her sole discretion, 
may discharge a subcommittee from consid-eration of any measure or matter referred to a subcommittee of the Committee. 
Composition of Subcommittees 
(c)(1) Members shall be elected to each sub-
committee and to the positions of chair and ranking minority member thereof, in accord-ance with the rules of the respective party caucuses. The Chair of the Committee shall designate a member of the majority party on each subcommittee as its vice chair. The Chair may designate one member of the Committee who previously has served as the chairman of the Committee as the Chairman Emeritus. 
(2) The Chair and ranking minority mem-
ber of the Committee shall be ex officio members with voting privileges of each sub-committee of which they are not assigned as members and may be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum in such subcommit-tees. The Chairman Emeritus shall be an ex officio member without voting privileges of each subcommittee to which he or she is not assigned and shall not count for purposes of establishing a quorum in such subcommit-tees. 
(3) The subcommittees shall be comprised 
as follows: 
(A) The Subcommittee on Capital Markets 
and Government Sponsored Enterprises shall be comprised of 30 members, 17 elected by the majority caucus and 13 elected by the minority caucus. 
(B) The Subcommittee on Financial Insti-
tutions and Consumer Credit shall be com-prised of 30 members, 17 elected by the ma-jority caucus and 13 elected by the minority caucus. 
(C) The Subcommittee on Housing and In-
surance shall be comprised of 21 members, 12 elected by the majority caucus and 9 elected by the minority caucus. 
(D) The Subcommittee on Monetary Policy 
and Trade shall be comprised of 21 members, 12 elected by the majority caucus and 9 elected by the minority caucus. 
(E) The Subcommittee on Oversight and 
Investigations shall be comprised of 21 mem-bers, 12 elected by the majority caucus and 9 elected by the minority caucus. 
Subcommittee Meetings and Hearings 
(d)(1) Each subcommittee of the Com-
mittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the full Committee on any measure or matter referred to it, consistent with sub-section (a). 
(2) No subcommittee of the Committee 
may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the Committee. 
(3) The chair of each subcommittee shall 
set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chair with a view toward as-suring the availability of meeting rooms and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1763 March 18, 2015 
avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Com-
mittee and subcommittee meetings or hear-ings. 
Effect of a Vacancy 
(e) Any vacancy in the membership of a 
subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the func-tions of the subcommittee as long as the re-quired quorum is present. 
Records 
(f) Each subcommittee of the Committee 
shall provide the full Committee with copies of such records of votes taken in the sub-committee and such other records with re-spect to the subcommittee as the Chair deems necessary for the Committee to com-ply with all rules and regulations of the House. 
R
ULE6 
STAFF  
In General 
(a)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
the professional and other staff of the Com-mittee shall be appointed, and may be re-moved by the Chair, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of the Chair. 
(2) All professional and other staff provided 
to the minority party members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed, and may be re-moved, by the ranking minority member of the Committee, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of such member. 
(3) It is intended that the skills and experi-
ence of all members of the Committee staff be available to all members of the Com-mittee. 
Subcommittee Staff 
(b) From funds made available for the ap-
pointment of staff, the Chair of the Com-mittee shall, pursuant to clause 6(d) of rule X of the Rules of the House, ensure that suf-ficient staff is made available so that each subcommittee can carry out its responsibil-ities under the rules of the Committee and that the minority party is treated fairly in the appointment of such staff. 
Compensation of Staff 
(c)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
the Chair shall fix the compensation of all professional and other staff of the Com-mittee. 
(2) The ranking minority member shall fix 
the compensation of all professional and other staff provided to the minority party members of the Committee. 
R
ULE7 
BUDGET AND TRAVEL  
Budget 
(a)(1) The Chair, in consultation with other 
members of the Committee, shall prepare for each Congress a budget providing amounts for staff, necessary travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and its sub-committees. 
(2) From the amount provided to the Com-
mittee in the primary expense resolution adopted by the House of Representatives, the Chair, after consultation with the ranking minority member, shall designate an amount to be under the direction of the ranking mi-nority member for the compensation of the minority staff, travel expenses of minority members and staff, and minority office ex-penses. All expenses of minority members and staff shall be paid for out of the amount so set aside. 
Travel 
(b)(1) The Chair may authorize travel for 
any member and any staff member of the Committee in connection with activities or subject matters under the general jurisdic-tion of the Committee. Before such author-
ization is granted, there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the following: 
(A) The purpose of the travel. (B) The dates during which the travel is to 
occur. 
(C) The names of the States or countries to 
be visited and the length of time to be spent in each. 
(D) The names of members and staff of the 
Committee for whom the authorization is sought. 
(2) Members and staff of the Committee 
shall make a written report to the Chair on any travel they have conducted under this subsection, including a description of their itinerary, expenses, and activities, and of pertinent information gained as a result of such travel. 
(3) Members and staff of the Committee 
performing authorized travel on official busi-ness shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration. 
R
ULE8 
COMMITTEE ADMINISTRATION  
Records 
(a)(1) There shall be a transcript made of 
each regular meeting and hearing of the Committee, and the transcript may be print-ed if the Chair decides it is appropriate or if a majority of the members of the Committee requests such printing. Any such transcripts shall be a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the pro-ceedings, subject only to technical, gram-matical, and typographical corrections au-thorized by the person making the remarks. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require that all such transcripts be sub-ject to correction and publication. 
(2) The Committee shall keep a record of 
all actions of the Committee and of its sub-committees. The record shall contain all in-formation required by clause 2(e)(1) of rule XI of the Rules of the House and shall be available in electronic form and for public inspection at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. 
(3) All Committee hearings, records, data, 
charts, and files shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the Chair, shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House shall have access thereto as provided in clause 2(e)(2) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(4) The records of the Committee at the 
National Archives and Records Administra-tion shall be made available for public use in accordance with rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chair shall notify the ranking minority member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the rule, to withhold a record other-wise available, and the matter shall be pre-sented to the Committee for a determination on written request of any member of the Committee. 
Committee Publications on the Internet 
(b) The Chair shall maintain an official 
Committee website for the purpose of car-rying out the official responsibilities of the Committee, including communicating infor-mation about the Committee’s activities. The ranking minority member may main-tain an official website. To the maximum ex-tent feasible, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form on the official Committee website maintained by the Chair. 
Audio and Video Coverage of Committee 
Hearings and Meetings 
(c)(1) To the maximum extent feasible, the 
Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that al-
lows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings; and 
(2) maintain the recordings of such cov-
erage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ 
AFFAIRS FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I sub-
mit for publication the attached copy of the rules of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for the U.S. House of Representatives for the 114th Congress: 
JURISDICTION OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON  
VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Rule X of the Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives establishes the standing com-mittees of the House and their jurisdiction. Under that rule, all bills, resolutions, and other matters relating to the subjects within the jurisdiction of any standing committee shall be referred to such committee. Clause 1(s) of Rule X establishes the jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs as fol-lows: 
(1) Veterans’ measures generally. (2) Cemeteries of the United States in 
which veterans of any war or conflict are or may be buried, whether in the United States or abroad (except cemeteries administered by the Secretary of the Interior). 
(3) Compensation, vocational rehabilita-
tion, and education of veterans. 
(4) Life insurance issued by the Govern-
ment on account of service in the Armed Forces. 
(5) Pensions of all the wars of the United 
States, general and special. 
(6) Readjustment of servicemembers to 
civil life. 
(7) Servicemembers’ civil relief. (8) Veterans’ hospitals, medical care, and 
treatment of veterans. 
RULE 1 —GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF HOUSE RULES —The 
Rules of the House are the rules of the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs and its sub-committees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are non-debatable privileged motions in Committees and subcommittees. 
(b) S
UBCOMMITTEES —Each subcommittee of 
the Committee is a part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. 
(c) I
NCORPORATION OF HOUSE RULE ON COM-
MITTEE PROCEDURE —Rule XI of the Rules of 
the House, which pertains entirely to Com-mittee procedure, is incorporated and made part of the rules of the Committee to the ex-tent applicable. Pursuant to clause 2(a)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chair-man of the full Committee is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chair-man considers it appropriate. 
(d) V
ICECHAIRMAN —Pursuant to clause 2(d) 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman of the full Committee shall des-ignate the Vice Chairman of the Committee. 
RULE 2 —REGULAR AND ADDITIONAL MEETINGS  
(a) R EGULAR MEETINGS —The regular meet-
ing day for the Committee shall be at 10 a.m. on the second Wednesday of each month in such place as the Chairman may designate. However, the Chairman may dispense with a regular Wednesday meeting of the Com-mittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1764 March 18, 2015 
(b) A DDITIONAL MEETINGS —The Chairman 
of the Committee may call and convene, as he considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Com-mittee business. The Committee shall meet for such purpose pursuant to the call of the Chairman. 
(c) N
OTICE —The Chairman shall notify 
each member of the Committee of the agen-da of each regular and additional meeting of the Committee at least 24 hours before the time of the meeting, except under cir-cumstances the Chairman determines to be of an emergency nature. Under such cir-cumstances, the Chairman shall make an ef-fort to consult the ranking minority mem-ber, or in such member’s absence, the next ranking minority party member of the Com-mittee. 
RULE 3 —MEETINGS AND HEARINGS GENERALLY  
(a) O PEN MEETINGS AND HEARINGS —Meet-
ings and hearings of the Committee and each of its subcommittees shall be open to the public unless closed in accordance with clause 2(g) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(b) A
NNOUNCEMENT OF HEARING —The Chair-
man, in the case of a hearing to be conducted by the Committee, and the subcommittee Chairman, in the case of a hearing to be con-ducted by a subcommittee, shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least one week be-fore the commencement of that hearing un-less the Committee or the subcommittee de-termines that there is good cause to begin the hearing at an earlier date. In the latter event, the Chairman or the subcommittee Chairman, as the case may be, shall consult with the ranking minority member and make such public announcement at the ear-liest possible date. The clerk of the Com-mittee shall promptly notify the Daily Clerk of the Congressional Record and the Com-mittee scheduling service of the House Infor-mation Resources as soon as possible after such public announcement is made. 
(c) W
IRELESS TELEPHONE USEPROHIBITED — 
No person may use a wireless telephone dur-ing a Committee or subcommittee meeting or hearing. 
(d) M
EDIA COVERAGE —Any meeting of the 
Committee or its subcommittees that is open to the public shall be open to coverage by radio, television, and still photography in ac-cordance with the provisions of clause 4(f) of House rule XI as follows: 
(1) If audio or visual coverage of the hear-
ing or meeting is to be presented to the pub-lic as live coverage, that coverage shall be conducted and presented without commer-cial sponsorship. 
(2) The allocation among the television 
media of the positions or the number of tele-vision cameras permitted by a committee or subcommittee chair in a hearing or meeting room shall be in accordance with fair and eq-uitable procedures devised by the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Cor-respondents’ Galleries. 
(3) Television cameras shall be placed so as 
not to obstruct in any way the space between a witness giving evidence or testimony and any member of the committee or the visi-bility of that witness and that member to each other. 
(4) Television cameras shall operate from 
fixed positions but may not be placed in posi-tions that obstruct unnecessarily the cov-erage of the hearing or meeting by the other media. 
(5) Equipment necessary for coverage by 
the television and radio media may not be installed in, or removed from, the hearing or meeting room while the committee is in ses-
sion. 
(6)(A) Except as provided in subdivision 
(B), floodlights, spotlights, strobelights, and flashguns may not be used in providing any method of coverage of the hearing or meet-ing. 
(B) The television media may install addi-
tional lighting in a hearing or meeting room, without cost to the Government, in order to raise the ambient lighting level in a hearing or meeting room to the lowest level nec-essary to provide adequate television cov-erage of a hearing or meeting at the current state of the art of television coverage. 
(7) If requests are made by more of the 
media than will be permitted by a com-mittee or subcommittee chair for coverage of a hearing or meeting by still photography, that coverage shall be permitted on the basis of a fair and equitable pool arrangement de-vised by the Standing Committee of Press Photographers. 
(8) Photographers may not position them-
selves between the witness table and the members of the committee at any time dur-ing the course of a hearing or meeting. 
(9) Photographers may not place them-
selves in positions that obstruct unneces-sarily the coverage of the hearing by the other media. 
(10) Personnel providing coverage by the 
television and radio media shall be currently accredited to the Radio and Television Cor-respondents’ Galleries. 
(11) Personnel providing coverage by still 
photography shall be currently accredited to the Press Photographers’ Gallery. 
(12) Personnel providing coverage by the 
television and radio media and by still pho-tography shall conduct themselves and their coverage activities in an orderly and unob-trusive manner. 
(e) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TESTIMONY  
(1) Each witness who is to appear before 
the Committee or a subcommittee shall file with the clerk of the Committee, at least 48 hours in advance of his or her appearance, or at such other time as designated by the Chairman after consultation with the Rank-ing Member, a written statement of his or her proposed testimony. Each witness shall, to the greatest extent practicable, also pro-vide a copy of such written testimony in an electronic format prescribed by the Chair-man. Each witness shall limit any oral pres-entation to a summary of the written state-ment. (2) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House: 
(A) In the case of a witness appearing in a 
non-governmental capacity, a written state-ment of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign govern-ment, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness and related to the sub-ject matter of the hearing. 
(B) The disclosure required by this Rule 
shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or con-tract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing and the amount and country of origin of any pay-ment or contract related to the subject mat-ter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
(f) C
ALLING AND QUESTIONING WITNESSES  
(1) Committee and subcommittee members 
may question witnesses only when they have been recognized by the Chairman of the Com-mittee or subcommittee for that purpose, and only for a 5-minute period until all mem-bers present have had an opportunity to question a witness. The 5-minute period for questioning a witness by any one member may be extended only with the unanimous consent of all members present. The ques-
tioning of witnesses in both Committee and subcommittee hearings shall be initiated by the Chairman, followed by the ranking mi-nority party member and all other members alternating between the majority and minor-ity. Except as otherwise announced by the Chairman at the beginning of a hearing, members who are present at the start of the hearing will be recognized before other mem-bers who arrive after the hearing has begun. In recognizing members to question wit-nesses in this fashion, the Chairman shall take into consideration the ratio of the ma-jority to minority members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to dis-advantage the members of the majority. 
(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of para-
graph (1) regarding the 5-minute rule, the Chairman after consultation with the rank-ing minority member may designate an equal number of members of the Committee or subcommittee majority and minority party to question a witness for a period not longer than 30 minutes. In no event shall the Chairman allow a member to question a wit-ness for an extended period under this rule until all members present have had the op-portunity to ask questions under the 5- minute rule. The Chairman after consulta-tion with the ranking minority member may permit Committee staff for its majority and minority party members to question a wit-ness for equal specified periods of time. 
(3) Non-Committee Members may be in-
vited to sit at the dais for Committee hear-ings with the unanimous consent of all Mem-bers present. Further, non-Committee Mem-bers may be recognized for questioning of witnesses but only after all Committee Mem-bers have first been recognized. 
(4) When a hearing is conducted by the 
Committee or a subcommittee on any meas-ure or matter, the minority party members on the Committee shall be entitled, upon re-quest to the Chairman of a majority of those minority members before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of the hearing thereon. 
(g) S
UBPOENAS —Pursuant to clause 2(m) of 
Rule XI of the Rules of the House, a sub-poena may be authorized and issued by the Committee or a subcommittee in the con-duct of any investigation or series of inves-tigations or activities, only when authorized by a majority of the members voting, a ma-jority being present. 
(h) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS — 
(1) The text of all bills or resolutions for 
markup, and any amendments in the nature of a substitute to such bills or resolution to be first recognized by the Chairman, shall be made available, via written or electronic no-tice, to Committee members at least 48 hours prior to a scheduled markup, except as agreed to by unanimous consent. 
(2) Subject to the second sentence of this 
paragraph, it shall not be in order for the Committee to consider any amendment pro-posed to a bill or resolution under consider-ation by the Committee, or proposed to an amendment in the nature of a substitute no-ticed under paragraph (1), unless a written or electronic copy of such amendment has been delivered to each Member of the Committee (or Subcommittee for purposes of Sub-committee markups) at least 24 hours before the meeting at which the amendment is to be proposed. This paragraph may be waived by unanimous consent and shall apply only when the 48-hour written notice has been provided in accordance with paragraph (1). 
(i) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE SCOR-
ING—The Committee shall not include any 
bill or resolution for consideration during a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1765 March 18, 2015 
committee markup which is not accom-
panied by an accounting from the Congres-sional Budget Office of the mandatory and discretionary costs or savings associated with such bill or resolution. 
The accounting from the Congressional 
Budget Office need not be official, but is ex-pected to provide Committee members with an approximation of the budgetary impact a bill or resolution may have prior to any vote to favorably forward or report such bill or resolution. The requirements of this para-graph may be waived by a majority of Com-mittee members, a quorum being present. 
RULE 4 —QUORUM AND RECORD VOTES ; 
POSTPONEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS  
(a) W ORKING QUORUM —A majority of the 
members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for business and a majority of the members of any subcommittee shall con-stitute a quorum thereof for business, except that two members shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and re-ceiving evidence. 
(b) Q
UORUM FOR REPORTING —No measure or 
recommendation shall be reported to the House of Representatives unless a majority of the Committee was actually present. 
(c) R
ECORD VOTES—A record vote may be 
demanded by one-fifth of the members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one member. With respect to any record vote on any motion to amend or report, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those mem-bers voting for and against, shall be included in the report of the Committee on the bill or resolution. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST PROXY VOTING — 
No vote by any member of the Committee or a subcommittee with respect to any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
(e) P
OSTPONING PROCEEDINGS —Committee 
and subcommittee chairmen may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is or-dered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment, and may resume proceedings within two legisla-tive days on a postponed question after rea-sonable notice. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain sub-ject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was post-poned. 
RULE 5 —SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) E STABLISHMENT AND JURISDICTION — 
(1) There shall be four subcommittees of 
the Committee as follows: 
(A) Subcommittee on Disability Assistance 
and Memorial Affairs, which shall have legis-lative, oversight and investigative jurisdic-tion over compensation; general and special pensions of all the wars of the United States; life insurance issued by the Government on account of service in the Armed Forces; cemeteries of the United States in which vet-erans of any war or conflict are or may be buried, whether in the United States or abroad, except cemeteries administered by the Secretary of the Interior; burial benefits; the Board of Veterans’ Appeals; and the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
(B) Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-
tunity, which shall have legislative, over-sight and investigative jurisdiction over edu-cation of veterans, employment and training of veterans, vocational rehabilitation, vet-erans’ housing programs, readjustment of servicemembers to civilian life, and servicemembers civil relief. 
(C) Subcommittee on Health, which shall 
have legislative, oversight, and investigative jurisdiction over the Veterans Health Ad-ministration (VHA) including medical serv-ices, medical support and compliance, med-
ical facilities, medical and prosthetic re-search, and major and minor construction. 
(D) Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations, which shall have oversight and in-vestigative jurisdiction over veterans’ mat-ters generally, information technology, pro-curement, and over such matters as may be referred to the subcommittee by the Chair-man of the full Committee for its oversight or investigation and for its appropriate rec-ommendations. The subcommittee shall have legislative jurisdiction over such bills or res-olutions as may be referred to it by the Chairman of the full Committee. 
(2) Each subcommittee shall have responsi-
bility for such other measures or matters as the Chairman refers to it. 
(b) V
ACANCIES —Any vacancy in the mem-
bership of a subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining members to exe-cute the functions of that subcommittee. 
(c) R
ATIOS —On each subcommittee, there 
shall be a ratio of majority party members to minority party members which shall be consistent with the ratio on the full Com-mittee. 
(d) R
EFERRAL TO SUBCOMMITTEES —The 
Chairman of the Committee may refer a measure or matter, which is within the gen-eral responsibility of more than one of the subcommittees of the Committee, as the Chairman deems appropriate. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chairman of the Committee may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall re-port thereon to the Committee. 
(e) P
OWERS AND DUTIES — 
(1) Each subcommittee is authorized to 
meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Sub-committee chairmen shall set dates for hear-ings and meetings of their respective sub-committees after consultation with the Chairman of the Committee and other sub-committee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Com-mittee and subcommittee meetings or hear-ings whenever possible. 
(2) Whenever a subcommittee has ordered a 
bill, resolution, or other matter to be re-ported to the Committee, the Chairman of the subcommittee reporting the bill, resolu-tion, or matter to the full Committee, or any member authorized by the subcommittee to do so shall notify the Chairman and the ranking minority party member of the Com-mittee of the Subcommittee’s action. 
(3) A member of the Committee who is not 
a member of a particular subcommittee may sit with the subcommittee during any of its meetings and hearings, but shall not have authority to vote, cannot be counted for a quorum, and cannot raise a point of order at the meeting or hearing. 
(4) Non-Committee Members may be in-
vited to sit at the dais for subcommittee hearings with the unanimous consent of all Members present. Further, non-Committee Members may be recognized for questioning of witnesses but only after all subcommittee Members have first been recognized for ques-tioning. 
(5) Each subcommittee shall provide the 
Committee with copies of such record votes taken in subcommittee and such other records with respect to the subcommittee as the Chairman of the Committee deems nec-essary for the Committee to comply with all rules and regulations of the House. 
RULE 6 —GENERAL OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITY  
(a) P URPOSE —Pursuant to clause 2 of Rule 
X of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall carry out oversight responsibilities. In order to assist the House in— 
(1) Its analysis, appraisal, evaluation of— (A) The application, administration, execu-
tion, and effectiveness of the laws enacted by the Congress, or 
(B) Conditions and circumstances, which 
may indicate the necessity or desirability of enacting new or additional legislation, and 
(2) Its formulation, consideration and en-
actment of such modifications or changes in those laws, and of such additional legisla-tion, as may be necessary or appropriate, the Committee and its various subcommittees, consistent with their jurisdiction as set forth in Rule 5, shall have oversight respon-sibilities as provided in subsection (b). 
(b) R
EVIEW OF LAWS AND PROGRAMS —The 
Committee and its subcommittees shall re-view and study, on a continuing basis, the applications, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within the ju-risdiction of the Committee or sub-committee, and the organization and oper-ation of the Federal agencies and entities having responsibilities in or for the adminis-tration and execution thereof, in order to de-termine whether such laws and the programs thereunder are being implemented and car-ried out in accordance with the intent of the Congress and whether such programs should be continued, curtailed, or eliminated. In ad-dition, the Committee and its subcommit-tees shall review and study any conditions or circumstances which may indicate the neces-sity or desirability of enacting new or addi-tional legislation within the jurisdiction of the Committee or subcommittee (whether or not any bill or resolution has been intro-duced with respect thereto), and shall on a continuing basis undertake future research and forecasting on matters within the juris-diction of the Committee or subcommittee. 
(c) O
VERSIGHT PLAN.—Not later than Feb-
ruary 15 of the first session of a Congress, the Committee shall meet in open session, with a quorum present, to adopt its over-sight plans for that Congress for submission to the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, in accordance with the provi-sions of clause 2(d) of Rule X of the Rules of the House. 
(d) O
VERSIGHT BY SUBCOMMITTEES —The ex-
istence and activities of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations shall in no way limit the responsibility of the other sub-committees of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for carrying out oversight duties. 
RULE 7 —BUDGET ACT RESPONSIBILITIES  
(a) B UDGET ACTRESPONSIBILITIES —Pursu-
ant to clause 4(f)(1) of Rule X of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall submit to the Committee on the Budget not later than six weeks after the President submits his budget, or at such time as the Committee on the Budget may request— 
(1) Its views and estimates with respect to 
all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fis-cal year that are within its jurisdiction or functions; and 
(2) An estimate of the total amounts of 
new budget authority, and budget outlays re-sulting therefrom, to be provided or author-ized in all bills and resolutions within its ju-risdiction that it intends to be effective dur-ing that fiscal year. 
RULE 8 —RECORDS AND OTHER MATTERS  
(a) T RANSCRIPTS —There shall be a tran-
script made of each regular and additional meeting and hearing of the Committee and its subcommittees. Any such transcript shall be a substantially verbatim account of re-marks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections authorized by the person making the remarks involved. 
(b) R
ECORDS — 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1766 March 18, 2015 
(1) The Committee shall keep a record of 
all actions of the Committee and each of its subcommittees. The record shall contain all information required by clause 2(e)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House and shall be available for public inspection at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. 
(2) There shall be kept in writing a record 
of the proceedings of the Committee and each of its subcommittees, including a record of the votes on any question on which a recorded vote is demanded. The result of each such record vote shall be made avail-able by the Committee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order or other proposition and the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or propo-sition, and the names of those members present but not voting. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY OF ARCHIVED RECORDS — 
The records of the Committee at the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the rank-ing minority member of any decision, pursu-ant to clause 3 or clause 4 of Rule VII of the Rules of the House, to withhold a record oth-erwise available, and the matter shall be pre-sented to the Committee for a determination on written request of any member of the Committee. 
(d) A
VAILABILITY OF PUBLICATIONS —Pursu-
ant to clause 2(e)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules 
of the House, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form to the maximum extent feasible. 
RULE 9 —TRAVEL  
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR TRAVEL —All re-
quests for travel, funded by the Committee, for Members and staff in connection with ac-tivities or subject matters under the general jurisdiction of the Committee, shall be sub-mitted to the Chair for approval or dis-approval. All travel requests should be sub-mitted to the Chair at least five working days in advance of the proposed travel. For all travel funded by any other source, notice shall be given to the Chair at least five working days in advance of the proposed travel. All travel requests shall be submitted to the Chair in writing and include the fol-lowing: 
(1) The purpose of the travel. (2) The dates during which the travel is to 
occur. 
(3) The names of the locations to be visited 
and the length of time to be spent in each. 
(4) The names of members and staff of the 
Committee for whom the authorization is sought. Travel by the minority shall be sub-mitted to the Chair via the Ranking Mem-ber. 
(b) T
RIPREPORTS —Members and staff shall 
make a written report to the Chair within 15 working days on all travel approved under this subsection. Reports shall include a de-scription of their itinerary, expenses, and ac-tivities, and pertinent information gained as a result of such travel. 
When travel involves majority and minor-
ity Members or staff, the majority shall sub-mit the report to the Chair on behalf of the majority and minority. The minority may append additional remarks to the report at their discretion. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF HOUSE RULES —Mem-
bers and staff of the Committee performing authorized travel on official business shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and regulations of the House and of the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
RULE 10 —FACILITY NAMING  
(a) F ACILITY NAMING —No Department of 
Veterans Affairs (VA) facility or property shall be named after any individual by the 
Committee unless: 
(1) Such individual is deceased and was: (A) A veteran who (i) was instrumental in 
the construction or the operation of the fa-cility to be named, or (ii) was a recipient of the Medal of Honor or, as determined by the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, otherwise performed military service of an extraordinarily distinguished character; 
(B) A Member of the United States House 
of Representatives or Senate who had a di-rect association with such facility; 
(C) An Administrator of Veterans’ Affairs, 
a Secretary of Veterans Affairs, a Secretary of Defense or of a service branch, or a mili-tary or other Federal civilian official of com-parable or higher rank; or 
(D) An individual who, as determined by 
the Chairman and Ranking Minority Mem-ber, performed outstanding service for vet-erans. 
(2) Each Member of the Congressional dele-
gation representing the State in which the designated facility is located must indicate in writing such Member’s support of the pro-posal to name such facility after such indi-vidual. Evidence of a Member’s support in writing may either be in the form of a letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member or co- sponsorship of legislation proposing to name the particular VA facility in question. 
(3) The pertinent State department or 
chapter of each Congressionally chartered veterans’ organization having a national membership of at least 500,000 must indicate in writing its support of such proposal. 
(b) The above criteria for naming a VA fa-
cility may be waived by unanimous consent. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 3 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 19, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
796. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-
curity Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to Mexico, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, Trans-mittal No.: 15-04; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
797. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting the ‘‘Calendar Year 2014 Reports on the Science and Technology Re-invention Laboratory Personnel Manage-ment Demonstration Projects’’, pursuant to Sec. 1107(d) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008, as amended (Pub. L. 110-181), and Sec. 1107(g) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub. L. 113-66); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
798. A letter from the Acting Director, Di-
rectorate of Whistleblower Protection Pro-grams, OSHA, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Proce-dures for the Handling of Retaliation Com-plaints Under Section 806 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, as Amended [Docket No.: OSHA-2011-0126] (RIN: 1218-AC53) received March 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education 
and the Workforce. 
799. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Sec. 73.622(i), Post- Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Tele-vision Broadcast Stations (Lansing, Michi-gan) [MB Docket No.: 15-2] [RM-11744] re-ceived March 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
800. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting a report on the extensions of hydro-power construction deadlines under Sec. 13 of the Federal Power Act, pursuant to the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992, section 1701(c)(5); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
801. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear 
Waste Technical Review Board, transmitting in accordance with the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-203, ‘‘A Report to the U.S. Congress and the Sec-retary of Energy’’, for the period January 1, 2008, through December 31, 2012; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
802. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than trea-ties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
803. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-143); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
804. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emer-gencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Somalia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
805. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by Sec. 1705(e)(6) of the Cuban Democ-racy Act of 1992, as amended by Sec. 102(g) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Soli-darity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996, 22 U.S.C. 6004(e)(6), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a semiannual report de-tailing telecommunications-related pay-ments made to Cuba pursuant to Department of the Treasury licenses during the period from July 1 through December 31, 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
806. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting two re-ports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Re-form Act of 1998; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
807. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting authorization for nine of-ficers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
808. A letter from the District of Columbia 
Auditor, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Ex-amination of Non-Governmental Organiza-tions (NGOs) Receiving Local District Funds to Provide Homeless Services in Fiscal Year (FY) 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
809. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1767 March 18, 2015 
in accordance with the provisions of Sec. 
17(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, Pub. L. 101-576, the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 (as amended), the GPRA Modernization Act of 2010, the provisions of Sec. 5 (as amended) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, and the Reports Consolidation Act of 2000, the Corporation’s 2014 Annual Report; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
810. A letter from the General Counsel, Na-
tional Endowment for the Humanities, trans-mitting a report pursuant to the Federal Va-cancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
811. A letter from the Chief Counsel for Ad-
ministrative Law, Office of the United States Trade Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a report pursu-ant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
812. A letter from the Director, Adminis-
trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the ‘‘Executive Summary of the 2014 Annual Report of the Director of the Administrative Office of the Unites States Courts’’ and ‘‘Judicial Business of the United States Courts’’, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 604(a)(4); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
813. A letter from the Board of Trustees, 
National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust, transmitting the Annual Management Report for Fiscal Year 2014, pursuant to Sec. 105 of the Railroad Retirement and Sur-vivors’ Improvement Act of 2001; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
814. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Procurement, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (RINs: 2700-AE01 and 2700-AE09) received March 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
815. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s ‘‘FY 2012 Annual Report to Congress on the Child Support Program’’, pursuant to Sec. 452(a) of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
816. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Beginning of Construction for Secs. 45 and 48 [Notice 2015-25] received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
817. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2015 Calendar Year Resident Popu-lation Figures [Notice 2015-23] received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
818. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Notice under Sec. 529A [Notice 2015- 18] received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
819. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Safe Harbor Method for Determining a Wagering Gain or Loss from Slot Machine Play [Notice 2015-21] received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
820. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — User Fees and Change of Address for Submission of Applications for Approval of Sec. 403(b) Pre-approved Plans (Rev. Proc. 2015-22) received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
821. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Health Insurance Providers Fee [TD 9711] (RIN: 1545-BM52) received March 12, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
822. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Alternative Simplified Credit Election [TD 9712] (RIN: 1545-BL78) received March 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
823. A letter from the Chairman, United 
States World War One Centennial Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s periodic report for the period ending December 31, 2014, pursuant to Public Law 112-272, section 5(b)(1); jointly to the Committees on Finan-cial Services, Natural Resources, and Over-sight and Government Reform. 
824. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting a draft of proposed legislation titled ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; jointly to the Commit-tees on Armed Services, Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, Vet-erans’ Affairs, Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and Foreign Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1021. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove the integrity of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–46, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1021 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and 
Mr. C OHEN ): 
H.R. 1415. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to strengthen enforcement of spousal court-ordered property distributions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
(for herself and Mr. I
SRAEL ): 
H.R. 1416. A bill to prevent application of 
sequestration to payment for certain physi-cian-administered drugs under part B of the Medicare program in fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 1417. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide parity to Puerto Rico hospitals with respect to inpa-tient hospital payments under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 1418. A bill to amend part B of the 
title XVIII of the Social Security Act to apply deemed enrollment to residents of Puerto Rico and to provide a special enroll-ment period and a reduction in the late en-rollment penalties for certain residents of Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BECERRA (for himself, Mr. 
L
EVIN, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. P IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 1419. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to improve the Social Se-curity Administration’s ability to fight fraud, prevent errors, and protect the Social Security Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and 
Mr. R
OONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 1420. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, to establish a surveil-lance system regarding traumatic brain in-jury, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SEN of Washington, Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
NORTON , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. K USTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
and Mr. R UIZ): 
H.R. 1421. A bill to prevent harassment at 
institutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. 
H
UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 1422. A bill to amend the Federal 
Credit Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwell-ing from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1423. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act, the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1768 March 18, 2015 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude 
from the definition of health insurance cov-erage certain medical stop-loss insurance ob-tained by certain plan sponsors of group health plans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH ): 
H.R. 1424. A bill to amend the Federal In-
secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to allow the marketing, distribution, or sale of solid antimicrobial copper alloys with cer-tain claims, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to exclude certain solid antimicrobial copper alloys from regu-lation as drugs or devices, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. O
LSON , and Mr. L AM-
BORN ): 
H.R. 1425. A bill to amend titles 10 and 32, 
United States Code, to require congressional approval before any change may be made to the oaths required for appointment as an of-ficer in the Armed Forces, enlistment in the Armed Forces, or appointment as a cadet or midshipman at a military service academy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself 
and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas): 
H.R. 1426. A bill to ensure public access to 
published materials concerning scientific re-search and development activities funded by Federal science agencies; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. 
D
EGETTE , and Mr. W HITFIELD ): 
H.R. 1427. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself 
and Mr. C
ONYERS ): 
H.R. 1428. A bill to extend Privacy Act 
remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BOST (for himself and Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ): 
H.R. 1429. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to allow for petitions for reconsid-eration of size standards for small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself, Mr. 
K
IND, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
REED, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. S CHOCK , and 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut): 
H.R. 1430. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the look-through treatment of payments be-tween related controlled foreign corpora-tions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 1431. A bill to amend the National 
Labor Relations Act and the Railway Labor Act to prohibit the preemption of State stalking laws; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 1432. A bill to amend the National 
Labor Relations Act and the Railway Labor Act to prohibit the preemption of State iden-tity theft laws; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , Ms. M OORE , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , and Ms. C LARKE of New 
York): 
H.R. 1433. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide tax incentives for the establishment of supermarkets in certain underserved areas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Ms. B ASS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Ms. E STY, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. D AVIS 
of California, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. 
KENNEDY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. D ELAURO , 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
KEATING , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 1434. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide for the refi-nancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself, Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia): 
H.R. 1435. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-quire States to develop policies on positive school climates and school discipline; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1436. A bill to require that certain 
Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1437. A bill to amend the Coquille Res-
toration Act to clarify certain provisions re-lating to the management of the Coquille Forest; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1438. A bill to require that certain 
Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Ms. L EE, Miss R ICEof New York, 
Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
DOGGETT , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. 
BONAMICI , and Ms. M ENG): 
H.R. 1439. A bill to provide paid family and 
medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS (for himself and 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN ): 
H.R. 1440. A bill to amend the Age Dis-
crimination in Employment Act of 1967 to treat employment as a field emergency med-ical service practitioner in the same manner as employment as a firefighter for purposes of such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. C
OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1769 March 18, 2015 
H.R. 1441. A bill to emphasize manufac-
turing in engineering programs by directing the National Institute of Standards and Technology, in coordination with other ap-propriate Federal agencies including the De-partment of Defense, Department of Energy, and National Science Foundation, to des-ignate United States manufacturing univer-sities; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. 
Z
ELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
REED, Mr. K ATKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York): 
H.R. 1442. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Of-fice Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. K
IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. Z INKE, and Ms. 
SINEMA ): 
H.R. 1443. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself, Mr. 
C
HABOT , and Ms. M ENG): 
H.R. 1444. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to prohibit the use of reverse auc-tions for procurements of covered contracts; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. HARDY (for himself and Mr. 
S
TIVERS ): 
H.R. 1445. A bill to provide that there shall 
be no net increase in the acres of certain Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, the National Park Service, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, or the Forest Service unless the Federal budget is balanced for the year in which the land would be purchased; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia (for himself 
and Mr. P
ETERSON ): 
H.R. 1446. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act to provide privacy protections that enable certain indi-viduals to remove their profiles from the healthcare.gov website, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. 
K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. P OLIS): 
H.R. 1447. A bill to amend the Carl D. Per-
kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to improve the Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. 
C
OHEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): 
H.R. 1448. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to carry out a transit acces-sibility innovation program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1449. A bill to repeal certain impedi-
ments to the administration of the firearms laws; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 1450. A bill to permit employees to re-
quest, and to ensure employers consider re-quests for, flexible work terms and condi-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, House Administra-tion, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1451. A bill to provide for the land ex-
change involving Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County, Florida; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1452. A bill to authorize Escambia 
County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SONof Connecticut, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
VEASEY ): 
H.R. 1453. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modernize payments for ambulatory surgical centers under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. B
ASS, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. F ARR, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
TAKANO , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): 
H.R. 1454. A bill to modify the definition of 
armor piercing ammunition to better cap-ture its capabilities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mr. 
R
YANof Ohio): 
H.R. 1455. A bill to require the Food and 
Drug Administration to expedite review of pharmaceuticals that are approved for mar-keting in the European Union; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD (for himself, Mr. 
S
TIVERS , and Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H.R. 1456. A bill to provide a biennial budg-
et for the United States Government; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself, Mr. S
CHIFF , 
Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S AR-BANES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. N UNES , Mr. D ENHAM , 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. B ASS, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. T ROTT , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
CAPUANO ): 
H. Res. 154. A resolution calling on the 
President to work toward equitable, con-structive, stable, and durable Armenian- Turkish relations based upon the Republic of Turkey’s full acknowledgment of the facts and ongoing consequences of the Armenian Genocide, and a fair, just, and comprehensive international resolution of this crime against humanity; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H. Res. 155. A resolution electing a Member 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mrs. C
ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T ED 
LIEU of California, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California): 
H. Res. 156. A resolution recognizing the 
cultural and historical significance of Nowruz; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. C
LARKE of 
New York, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): 
H. Res. 157. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Social Work Month and World Social Work Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 158. A resolution condemning Dalit 
untouchability, the practice of birth-descent discrimination against Dalit people, which is widely practiced in India, Nepal, the Asian diaspora, and other South Asian nations, and calling on these countries to recognize the human rights of the Dalit people and end all forms of untouchability within their borders; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. C LAY, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
DELANEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1770 March 18, 2015 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. L YNCH , and 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois): 
H. Res. 159. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the current record breaking wealth gap is a national problem for the nation’s economic security, and that broad-based, generational and systemic inequities continue to distort economic progress and opportunity for tens of millions of Americans -especially low and middle-income Americans and communities of color; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 1415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Article I, Section 8 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause: Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 1417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. ter-ritories, as enumerated in Article IV, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 1418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. ter-ritories, as enumerated in Article IV, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H.R. 1419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 1420. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 1421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 1422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
U.S. Constitution to regulate commerce. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, paragraph 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 1424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 16 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 1426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 1427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 1 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 1428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 
By Mr. BOST: 
H.R. 1429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 1430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 1431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 1432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 1433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 3 (relating to 
the power to interstate commerce). 
By Mr. COURTNEY: 
H.R. 1434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 1435. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1 of the Con-
stitution, and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, of Section 8, of Article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1437. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, of Section 8, of Article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1438. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, of Section 8, of Article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 1439. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution and Article I. Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS: 
H.R. 1440. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 1441. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 1442. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 1443. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (The Prop-
erty Clause) 
The Property Clause states that Congress 
has the power to make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. The Supreme Court in Fort Leavenworth Rail-road v. Lowe (1885), reasoned that the au-thority of the federal government over fed-eral lands is ‘‘necassarily paramount.’’ The Court opinion went on to further reason that state governments also have rights though with regards to certain activites that take place on federal lands within state borders. The Act provides guidelines for controlling populations of bison in Grand Canyon Na-tional Park and requires the Secretary to corrdinate with the appropriate State Wild-life Management Agency, thus making it constitutionally permissible. 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 1444. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1771 March 18, 2015 
United States Constitution, which provides 
Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 1445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution’’. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 1447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power of Congress to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grant Congress the author-ity to enact this bill. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 of the Constitution 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 1450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section III, Clause II 
By Mr. NUNES: 
H.R. 1453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 1454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 1455. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. The Constitution’s Commerce Clause allows Congress to enact laws when reasonably re-lated to the regulation of interstate com-merce. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.R. 1456. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1 of the Con-
stitution 
The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 140: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 167: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 173: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 223: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 231: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 233: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 262: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 282: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 304: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. K ILMER , and 
Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 395: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 400: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 408: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 504: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 531: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 540: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 546: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. C OSTELLO  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 588: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 595: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 602: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 631: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 650: Mr. D ENT, Mr. B YRNE , and Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 663: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut. 
H.R. 670: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 711: Ms. G RANGER , Ms. T SONGAS , and 
Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 722: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 727: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
HAHN, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
SCHRADER , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 729: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
ESHOO , and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 750: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 782: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 804: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 818: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 822: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 825: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. H.R. 900: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 903: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 920: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 967: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 977: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 986: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 996: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina. 
H.R. 999: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. R OSS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1009: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1027: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1042: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. K APTUR , 
and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C RAMER , and 
Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1084: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1091: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1105: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1120: Mr. D ENTand Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka. 
H.R. 1131: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. C ON-
YERS . 
H.R. 1139: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1148: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1149: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1185: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 1188: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1206: Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
RUSH, and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1249: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1269: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California. 
H.R. 1302: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1310: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1332: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , and 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1339: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1358: Mr. N ADLER and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1368: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1378: Ms. T ITUS and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1411: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.J. Res. 29: Mr. R USSELL . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. D UFFY . 
H. Con. Res. 23: Mr. B UCK, Mr. N ORCROSS , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S INEMA , 
Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. E NGEL . 
H. Res. 110: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:26 Jan 19, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H18MR5.REC H18MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1591 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 2015 No. 46 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Merciful God, enthroned above all 
powers, thank You for bestowing on us the dignity of being called Your chil-dren. You are mighty in power and we are grateful for the masterpiece of an-other day. Lord, forgive us when we forget that You are still in charge of what happens in our Nation and world. This world belongs to You, and though the wrong seems very strong, Your sov-ereignty still prevails. Your power is far beyond any conceivable authority. 
Guide our Senators with Your sov-
ereignty. Use them, Lord, to solve the critical problems in our time, contrib-uting to the peace and stability of this land we love. Bless those who support them in their work as You surround us all with the shield of Your divine favor. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is 
hard to believe what we saw yesterday. Democrats actually filibustered a bill to help victims of modern slavery ap-
parently because leftwing lobbyists told them to. Yes, their historic mis-take is callous and extreme, but more than that it is tragic. 
I mentioned the story of Melissa yes-
terday. Melissa was sold into sexual slavery before she had even become a teenager. She still bears the scars of her years of torment, the beatings, the shackling, the emotional cruelty. When Melissa finally escaped, she wasn’t em-braced as a victim, she was branded as a criminal. 
Melissa’s story is heartbreaking, but 
it is anything but unique. Stories such as hers remind us how important the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act is. It is stories such as hers that re-mind us that no excuse about not read-ing a bill and no command from left-wing lobbyists could justify filibus-tering the critical help this human rights bill would provide. 
So we have not given up on the thou-
sands of victims in this country who suffer as Melissa did—shaken and shackled but still hanging on to hope. Democrats owe these victims, not lob-byists, help—help the Senate is so close to passing. 
A strong majority of the Senate, in-
cluding several Democrats, have al-ready voted in favor of this human rights bill. Now all it takes is a few more Democrats of courage to ignore the lobbyists and do what is right. All that will mean is the Democrats on the Judiciary Committee supporting the very same bill they voted for just a few weeks earlier. 
Apparently, all of these Senators 
were for this human rights bill before they were against it, and it is not like the bipartisan provision now suddenly in question is anything new. As the Congressional Research Service notes, bipartisan provisions such as this one ‘‘have been enacted in a variety of con-texts since 1970,’’ appearing in author-izing legislation as diverse as the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, the Legal Services Corporation Act, 
the Department of Defense Authoriza-tion Act, the Foreign Assistance Act, and others—language that is quite common and has been voted for numer-ous times by our friends on the other side of the aisle. 
That is why the distinguished Demo-
cratic leader, my friend, had been such a strong supporter of the bipartisan Hyde provision for so many years and why he said during his tenure as major-ity leader: ‘‘My belief in the sanctity of life is why I have repeatedly voted against using taxpayer money for abor-tions.’’ That was my friend, the Demo-cratic leader. That is the declared view of my friend. It is what he said just a few short years ago before he and his party voted to filibuster a bill that would help the victims of modern slav-ery. 
So this afternoon we invite Demo-
crats to ignore the lobbyists and do the right thing. We invite every Democrat to help us write a happy ending to this story, where the forces of hope and hu-manity, not powerful lobbyists, pre-vail. 
f 
THE SENATE BUDGET 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter, several weeks ago the White House released an unserious budget that would have raised taxes by nearly $2 trillion and increase the na-tional debt by more than $7 trillion. In other words, it was more of the same old tired, failed policies of the past. Hardly anyone took that budget seri-ously mostly because it was not meant to be taken seriously. 
Contrast that with the balanced 
budget the Senate will introduce this morning. It is a budget that controls spending, reduces the deficit, and im-proves programs such as Medicaid. It is a budget that will support economic growth and more opportunity for hard- working families while protecting our most vulnerable citizens. It is a budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.000 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1592 March 18, 2015 
that will allow us to repeal and replace 
a program that hurts the middle class, ObamaCare. It will allow us to repeal and replace a program that hurts the middle class, ObamaCare. 
I thank the chairman of the Budget 
Committee, Senator E
NZI, for his good 
work on this sensible budget. 
We have heard some talk of shrink-
ing deficits these days. Of course, Re-publicans are proud to take credit for helping force some fiscal responsibility on the Obama administration, but we know these deficits will soon shoot up dramatically if Washington does not start making more commonsense choices. 
The reality is our country still has 
many tough fiscal challenges to con-front. These are not challenges that can just be taxed away. These are not challenges that can be denied away ei-ther. But by working together these are challenges we can overcome, and the way we can overcome them is with sensible ideas to get spending under control and make government more ef-ficient, more effective, and more ac-countable, just as the Senate’s budget proposes to do. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have one final matter. For all the issues that may divide Democrats and Republicans these days, there is one thing many of us can agree on—trade is good for America. There is bipartisan agreement that trade is good for Amer-ican wages with export-related manu-facturing jobs paying nearly 20 percent more than other kinds of jobs, and there is bipartisan agreement that trade is good for American jobs overall. 
According to one study, trade sup-
ports nearly 40 million jobs nation-ally—about one out of every five jobs and more than one-half million jobs in my State of Kentucky alone. In fact, Kentucky’s exports in goods and serv-ices have already increased dramati-cally since the enactment of trade agreements with countries such as Australia, from about $10 billion a year to almost $30 billion a year. Trade is good for Kentucky and trade is good for America, and that is why this is an issue where the White House and Con-gress are working together to support American jobs and wages. 
While the United States has histori-
cally been a world leader in opening more markets to the products our country makes and grows, we have fall-en woefully behind in recent years. 
Thankfully, emerging agreements 
with countries in Europe and the Pa-cific present us with a real chance to catch up. These agreements present us with the unique opportunity to export more of what we make over there so we can create more American jobs right here at home. But we cannot make this important progress for America’s mid-dle class without passing the right kind of trade legislation in Congress first. There is bipartisan agreement—at 
least in principle—to do exactly that, but the details will obviously be impor-tant. We want to ensure we get those details of that legislation right so we can get the best agreements possible for the American people. We certainly don’t want to be considering legisla-tion that would make these goals hard-er to achieve—undermining future eco-nomic and job growth. 
The good news is our country has 
decades of experience with the kind of bipartisan trade promotion legislation that allows for the best deals for Amer-ican workers to be negotiated by Amer-ica’s trade representatives and then ap-proved by Congress. Several members of my conference will speak about that issue on the floor today. Like many of our Democratic friends, these Senators are interested in getting the best deals possible for the American people—the kind of deals that would only be pos-sible with truly effective and bipar-tisan trade legislation. So they will ex-plain this important issue, and that is just what is needed. They will explain it in further detail. 
Before I leave the floor, I wish to rec-
ognize the good work of the chairman of the Finance Committee for being an incredible advocate on this issue, and allow me to also recognize the ranking member of the Finance Committee for working hard to try to get this right. We all look forward to working with these Members, and all Members, on this very important issue. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
THANKING SENATOR PAUL 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, just as an 
aside, most everybody knows at this point that on New Year’s Day I fell and hurt myself and injured my right eye. 
During this period of time, the Pre-
siding Officer—who by the way is a medical doctor, an ophthalmologist— has been so kind and thoughtful and considerate in visiting with me, giving me encouragement and some expert ad-vice as to what he has seen in the past and given me hope for better sight out of my right eye. I appreciate it very much. 
I want the people of Kentucky to 
know how thoughtful and considerate and kind the Presiding Officer has been to me over these past few months. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, instead of 
being bogged down in another Repub-lican-contrived fight, I have proposed a path forward that is very simple and very direct. While we work toward an agreement to pass trafficking legisla-tion—and there is work being done on that as we speak—we should move to the Executive Calendar and consider 
the nomination of a very fine person, Loretta Lynch. 
Democrats are fully committed to 
voting for Lynch’s nomination and re-turning immediately to the trafficking bill. The Senate can do two things at the same time. We can certainly work on coming up with a path forward on trafficking and also do something to move forward and have a vote for a new Attorney General. 
The chief law enforcement officer of 
this country—the man who is now the Attorney General—said months ago he wants to leave. He has been winding down. It is not right for this country not to have a fully engaged Attorney General. 
I am disappointed that with all the 
work the Senate needs to accomplish, the majority leader is bound and deter-mined to waste the rest of this week with the same votes we took yesterday. I was told we are going to have the same votes today that we had yester-day, and we will have the same votes on Thursday that we are going to have today and that we had on Tuesday. 
Albert Einstein, a genius, said the 
pure definition of insanity is somebody who does the same thing over and over again and comes up with the same re-sult. It is insane to keep going forward on these votes that everyone knows are going to turn out the same way. 
Loretta Lynch has waited 130 days. 
There is no reason to delay her con-firmation another minute. We can vote for her confirmation now and move back to the trafficking bill right now. 
f 
THE HOUSE BUDGET 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Gandhi 
said, ‘‘Action expresses priorities.’’ Ac-tion expresses priorities. Congressional Republicans’ actions on the budget clearly demonstrate how little regard they have for the American middle class. I want to get into a few exam-ples. Their budget proposal—the one the House is going to send to us soon— ends Medicare as we know it, replacing it with another voucher program. It takes health care away from 16.4 mil-lion Americans now insured through the Affordable Care Act. It guts Med-icaid and undercuts millions of fami-lies who rely on it to fund nursing homes and other care. It cuts billions in education funding—billions—and it cuts job training and employment serv-ices for 4 million American workers. The list goes on and on. 
But we know one thing their budget 
does not do. It doesn’t cut a single tax loophole for the superwealthy to re-duce the deficit. Not one. Instead, this budget is brimming with more tax breaks for the megarich—many new tax breaks. In fact, the Republican budget would drastically cut the tax bill for the average millionaire while raising taxes on the middle class. That is not just irresponsible, it is immoral. 
Of course, lowering taxes for million-
aires and billionaires will add to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.002 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1593 March 18, 2015 
deficit, not cut it. Republicans claim 
they are reducing the deficit, but that is not true. In truth, they are using mirrors and a lot of smoke in an effort to fool the American people. 
House Republicans are really hiding 
the ball—moving the ball—claiming massive savings without explaining how. They are, for lack of a better de-scription, cooking the books, using speculative and what they call ‘‘dy-namic scoring.’’ What is dynamic scor-ing? This is an effort to claim they are balancing the budget. Dynamic scoring says, here is all this tax revenue and other money we are going to get and it will help significantly. The fact is ev-eryone knows there isn’t any truth to that. It is only some numbers on paper. They are relying on transparent tricks to hide their refusal to protect our military from sequestration and budget cuts. Yet Republicans say of their own budget plan, we do not rely on gim-micks or creative accounting to bal-ance our budget. 
The definition of ‘‘gimmick’’ is a 
concealed, devious aspect or feature of something, as a plan or a deal—a con-
cealed, devious aspect or feature. 
Well, we have a perfect example of a 
gimmick in the Republican budget that the House is working on and we are told they will complete. It sounds like a gimmick to me. At least one Repub-lican from the House agrees with me. Congressman K
ENBUCK of Colorado 
said yesterday, ‘‘It’s all hooey.’’ The budget is all hooey. But as Dana Milbank said in today’s Washington Post, speaking of the House Repub-licans’ plan: ‘‘True, the budget does not rely on gimmicks. The budget is a gim-mick.’’ That is a direct quote. 
We don’t need gimmicks. We need a 
responsible budget and this is not a re-sponsible budget. This is not respon-sible governance. 
Unfortunately, though, this is the 
budget we have come to expect from today’s Republican Party—a party that is so committed to supporting the superwealthy that they are throwing America’s middle class and the mili-tary overboard. 
Democrats are focused on the middle 
class. We want to create jobs, invest in the future, and make sure that all Americans benefit from an improving economy. 
We are more than happy to work 
with our Republican colleagues in order to make our goals a reality. Un-fortunately, helping the middle class just doesn’t seem to be a priority for congressional Republicans. 
Mr. President, would the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 
hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and with the time equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half, and the majority controlling the sec-ond half. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this is 
the Executive Calendar of the U.S. Sen-ate. This Executive Calendar tells us the nominations that are pending be-fore the U.S. Senate where action is needed. There is one name to be found on this calendar on page 4—a name which has been sitting on this calendar longer than any nominee for Attorney General of the United States of Amer-ica over the last 30 years. This name has been sitting on this calendar for 20 days, which doesn’t seem like an ex-traordinarily long period of time. How-ever, it turns out that the previous nominees for Attorney General were moved so quickly on this Senate cal-endar that the last five combined, by Democratic and Republican Presidents, took less time to be confirmed than this one name. What is that name? It is Loretta E. Lynch of New York to be Attorney General—a name that was submitted to the U.S. Senate by Presi-dent Barack Obama to make history— a name, a nominee to make history. This is the first African-American woman in the history of the United States to be nominated to serve as At-torney General. It is a civil rights milestone that her name has been sub-mitted. 
I sat through the Senate Judiciary 
Committee hearing, and it was a packed room. All the TV cameras were there. Loretta Lynch came and sat at the table, with her father behind her, with her family around her, with close friends gathered from all over the United States, and this woman calmly, in a dignified way, gave the most com-pelling testimony I have heard of any witness before the Senate Judiciary Committee, including those who came before us seeking to be appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court. She was excel-lent. No one laid a glove on her. No one raised any concern about her nomina-tion. And then, when the public wit-nesses were invited to come in from both the Republican and Democratic sides to comment on her nomination, Senator P
ATRICK LEAHY of Vermont 
asked all of them gathered: Is there any one of you who opposes the nomi-nation of Loretta Lynch to be Attor-ney General? Not one. Not one. 
Yet, here we are now, with this nomi-
nation pending longer than any Attor-ney General nomination in the last 30 years. Why? Why has the Senate Re-publican leadership decided to target this good woman and to stop her from serving as the first female African- American Attorney General of the United States of America? There is no good reason. There is no substantive reason. She has been an extraordinary 
prosecutor in New York. She has the support of so many outstanding organi-zations. The National District Attor-neys Association supports Loretta Lynch, as do the Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association, the Inter-national Association of Chiefs of Po-lice, the Major Cities Chiefs Associa-tion, the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys. The FBI Agents Association supports Loretta Lynch, and a long list of Republican- and Democratic-ap-pointed former U.S. Attorneys, includ-ing Patrick Fitzgerald from my State of Illinois, and former FBI Director Louis Freeh, appointed by a Repub-lican President, and Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson from the George W. Bush administration. The list goes on and on. 
The fact is there is no substantive 
reason to stop this nomination. The Republican majority leader announced over the weekend that he was going to hold this nomination of Loretta Lynch until the bill which is pending before the Senate passes, whenever that may be. 
So Loretta Lynch, the first African- 
American woman nominated to be At-torney General, is asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar. That is unfair. It is unjust. It is beneath the decorum and dignity of the U.S. Senate. 
This woman deserves fairness. She 
seeks to lead the Department of Jus-tice, and the U.S. Senate should be just in its treatment of her nomination. To think that we would jeopardize her op-portunity to serve this Nation and to make history is fundamentally unfair. 
What is the issue? The issue is this 
important bill. It is a bill which relates to human trafficking. As chairman of the constitution subcommittee, I have held hearings on this subject and it is heartbreaking to hear how primarily young women have been enslaved and exploited not just around the world but in the United States. I support this leg-islation. I think we should move it for-ward. What is holding this up is very simple: one sentence. Out of a 112-page bill, there is 1 sentence on pages 50 and 51 that relates to the issue of abortion. 
I needn’t tell anyone following this 
debate how controversial and divisive that issue can be and has been for so many decades in the United States. The fact is that issue has nothing to do with human trafficking. It should be debated at another moment, another time, on another bill. But, sadly, this 1 sentence in this 100-page bill is holding it up from being considered on the floor. 
If the senior Senator from Texas, 
who is the lead sponsor on this bill, would come to the floor and simply re-move this one sentence, this bill would pass. It would pass this afternoon, overwhelmingly. There is no question about it. He knows it. We have told him that. We have offered that to him, but he refuses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.003 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1594 March 18, 2015 
So this good bill language is on the 
calendar, the Senate is mired in con-troversy, and Loretta Lynch sits on the calendar for another day. 
It has been 130 days since President 
Obama announced the nomination of this woman to serve as our Attorney General. That is more than three times the period of time it took for us to con-firm Attorney General Ashcroft. It is more than 2
1⁄2times as long as it took 
to confirm Attorney General Mukasey and twice as long as it took to confirm Attorney General Holder. 
It is time for us to give Loretta 
Lynch an opportunity to continue to serve America and to make civil rights history by allowing this African-Amer-ican woman to step forward and serve. It is time to stop holding her hostage to a political debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate that has nothing to do with her obvious qualifications to serve this Nation. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, if there is 
one thing Americans have made clear, it is that they want their leaders to do something about the economy. The re-cession may have officially ended al-most 6 years ago, but millions of Amer-icans are still struggling economically and opportunities are still few and far between. 
One big thing we can do to help the 
economy and expand opportunities for American workers is pass trade pro-motion authority or what we refer to as TPA. Our prior trade agreements have been a boon to the economy, pro-viding American workers with jobs and American farmers, ranchers, and man-ufacturers with new markets for their goods. In my home State of South Da-kota, 74 percent of exports go to coun-tries with which the United States has a free-trade agreement. Between 2005 and 2014, South Dakota saw a 110-per-cent increase in exports to free-trade agreement countries. That has been a huge benefit to South Dakota farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers. 
Speaking of farmers and trade, today 
is National Agriculture Day. I would just like to add as an aside that the substantial agriculture trade surplus the United States currently enjoys is a tribute to the efficiency and the pro-ductivity of America’s farmers and ranchers. I salute American farmers, ranchers, and agribusinesses that pro-vide America and the world with a safe and abundant food supply. 
Passing trade promotion authority is 
one way we can ensure an even greater global expansion of U.S. agricultural 
trade. Currently, the administration is in the process of negotiating two new trade agreements that would open vast new markets for American products and put American goods on a level playing field internationally. The first of these agreements, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, is being negotiated with a 
number of Asia-Pacific nations, includ-ing Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam. Currently, American goods face heavy tariffs in many of these countries—at times as high as 85 percent. Tariffs of that size put American goods at incredible dis-advantage compared to their foreign competitors. Tariffs provide a powerful disincentive for citizens in other na-tions to purchase American products. Removing this disincentive would in-crease foreign demand for U.S. prod-ucts, which would mean more business for U.S. farmers, ranchers, and manu-facturers and more jobs and opportuni-ties for American workers. 
Just to give an example of how im-
portant trade is to American agri-culture, we currently export half of U.S. wheat, milled rice production, and soybean production; 70 percent of al-mond, walnut, and pistachio produc-tion; more than 75 percent of cotton production; 40 percent of grapes; 20 per-cent of cherries; 20 percent of apples; 20 percent of poultry and pork produc-tion; and 10 percent of beef production. 
If you think about it, there are ap-
proximately now 260 preferential trade agreements worldwide. Only 20 of those involve the United States. Every time we have entered into a new trade agreement where we have been able to eliminate tariffs and duties on a lot of our products, we see an explosion in ex-ports into those particular markets. That is why negotiating the strongest possible transpacific trade agreement, as well as the agreement the United States is negotiating with the Euro-pean Union, has to be a priority. For that, we have to have trade promotion authority. 
Trade promotion authority has been 
the means by which nearly every U.S. free-trade agreement has been nego-tiated. The idea behind TPA is very simple: Congress sets the negotiating priorities the administration must fol-low and then requires the administra-tion to consult with Congress during the negotiating process. In return, Con-gress promises a simple up-or-down vote on the final agreement, instead of a lengthy amendment process that could leave the final agreement look-ing nothing like the deal the adminis-tration negotiated. 
The promise of that up-or-down vote 
on a final agreement is the key. That is what gives our trading partners the confidence they need to put their best offers on the table, which allows for a successful conclusion of negotiations. Trade promotion authority dem-onstrates that Congress and the admin-istration are on the same page when it comes to the content of trade agree-ments and that the final agreement 
will be either accepted or rejected, not amended beyond recognition. 
Trade promotion authority expired in 
2007. Republicans have been pushing for renewing it ever since. The President is also on board. He called for trade pro-motion authority in this year’s State of the Union Address. 
This is an excellent chance, I would 
add, for Democrats and Republicans to accomplish something significant for the American people and to show that Washington is working again. 
Unfortunately, while the President 
and Republicans are united on this issue, many Senate Democrats con-tinue to oppose trade promotion au-thority legislation. The chairman of the Senate Finance Committee is cur-rently engaged in negotiations on a TPA bill with the committee’s ranking member, the senior Senator from Or-egon. I am hopeful and I know a lot of us on the committee and many of us in this Chamber are hopeful that these ef-forts will yield legislation both Repub-licans and Democrats can support. 
Republicans are very open to sugges-
tions and improvements. In fact, I ex-pect the final agreement will include many elements advocated by the senior Senator from Oregon and other Senate Democrats, such as greater trans-parency surrounding trade negotia-tions. However, the one thing Repub-licans cannot support is an attempt to undermine the core of trade promotion authority—that guaranteed up-or-down vote that gives other countries the confidence to put forward their best of-fers in trade negotiations. Simply put, we cannot afford to weaken TPA. 
I know the senior Senator from Utah, 
who is the chairman of the Senate Fi-nance Committee—who is on the floor right now; and we will hear from him in just a few minutes—is working very hard to ensure that we have a strong TPA agreement that we can bring to the floor of the Senate, that we can pass through the Congress, and that we can put on the President’s desk so that we can enable these trade negotiations to continue in a way that will lead to a conclusion, to a result that is good for American manufacturers and serv-ice industries and American farmers and ranchers. 
If we fail to pass TPA, which will 
likely spell the failure of the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership and the United States-European Union trade agree-ment, we will not be maintaining the status quo. Just because we are not ne-gotiating agreements does not mean other countries will not be. Other countries will secure favorable treat-ment of their goods, and American goods will fall further and further be-hind. That is not something we can af-ford in this economy. 
If we pass TPA, on the other hand, 
that will allow the transpacific trade agreement and the United States-Euro-pean Union trade agreement to move forward, which means American pro-ducers will benefit from new markets 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.004 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1595 March 18, 2015 
for their goods and American workers 
will benefit from new jobs and opportu-nities. Since 2009, exports have ac-counted for more than 1 million new jobs here in the United States. If we pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the United States-European Union trade agreements, we could be looking at more than 1 million more new jobs over the next few years. 
It is time to pass TPA, to get these 
agreements concluded, and to let American workers and businesses start experiencing the benefits. It has been far too long. Mr. President, 2007 is when the last TPA expired. We are los-ing ground by the day when we are not in the room and a part of negotiating new trade agreements that are bene-ficial to American businesses, farmers, and ranchers. 
I wish to point out one more time 
that there are approximately now 260 preferential trade agreements world-wide, only 20 of which involve the United States. So if we want to partici-pate in a growing global economy where 95 percent of the world’s popu-lation lives, we have to become aggres-sive in creating the trading opportuni-ties that will enable our businesses to prosper, to create good-paying jobs here in the United States, to raise in-comes for middle-income families in this country, and to give us as a coun-try an opportunity to lead the world when it comes to an economy that ben-efits all people—not just those here in the United States but all around the world. We have the wherewithal, the know-how, the technology, the cre-ativity, and the innovation in our economy to make that possible, to make it happen. That is why these trade agreements are so essential. 
These trade agreements, as I pointed 
out, do not happen unless we have trade promotion authority in place to make sure they happen. If we do not have it in place and these trade agree-ments do not get done, it is not that America—that we are just going to be standing still, we are going to be losing ground as countries around the world that are aggressively trying to nego-tiate trade agreements and improve the economies of their countries con-tinue to do that, leaving us further and further behind. 
So I hope we can get this passed 
through the Senate Finance Com-mittee, passed through the Senate, the House of Representatives, and on the President’s desk where it can be signed into law. The sooner that happens, the better it will be for our economy, for jobs, for American businesses, and for American farmers and ranchers. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to join my colleagues, and I ap-preciated the wonderful remarks of the senior Senator from South Dakota, Mr. T
HUNE . He is working very hard on that 
committee and really making a dif-ference, as I think most people on the committee are trying to do. But he 
makes a difference, and I truly appre-ciated his remarks today. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues on 
the floor to talk about the importance of Trade Promotion Authority, or TPA, to the health of our Nation’s economy. At the beginning of this Congress, I, along with many of my colleagues, stated publicly that trade was one of the few areas where the new Repub-lican Congress would be able to find common ground with President Obama. I still believe that is the case. 
I chatted with him just last week— 
one of the few conversations I have had with him since he has been President— and I was very appreciative. He would like to get this done, and he is right. 
The Obama administration is cur-
rently negotiating some of the most ambitious trade agreements in our Na-tion’s history. The first is the Trans- Pacific Partnership, or TPP, an Asia- Pacific trade agreement being nego-tiated between the United States and 11 other countries. On the other side of the world, the United States is negoti-ating a bilateral trade agreement with 28 countries of the European Union; that is called T-TIP. 
Together, these two trade agree-
ments have the potential to greatly ex-pand access to U.S. trade with other countries, allowing our job creators to sell more American-made goods and services. They are in demand. We just have to get in the game. This helps us create and support more high-paying export-related jobs at home. Of these two agreements, the TPP negotiations, or the Trans-Pacific Partnership nego-tiations, are further advanced. Accord-ing to administration officials, the agreement could be concluded over the next few months. That is good news. 
Now, I wish talk about the bad news. 
Without renewal of effective TPA pro-cedures, the administration will simply not be able to conclude a strong TPP agreement. 
Why is TPA, or trade promotion au-
thority, so important? 
TPA is a compact between the Sen-
ate, the House, and the administration. Under this compact, the administra-tion agrees to pursue specified objec-tives and consult with Congress as it negotiates trade agreements. Both the House and the Senate agree to allow for expedited consideration of trade agreements without amendments. This is essential for the conclusion and pas-sage of strong trade agreements. 
Put simply, without TPA, our trad-
ing partners will not put their best of-fers on the table because they will have no guarantees the agreement they sign will be the same one Congress will vote on in the end. The distinguished Sen-ator from South Dakota made that very clear. They don’t want to agree with our Trade Representative and then have countless amendments in the House and the Senate that could 
change the whole agreement they had agreed to. That is why trade promotion authority became such an important part of our international relations. As former Deputy USTR Miriam 
Sapiro said in a recent speech: 
Neither our Asian nor our European part-
ners want to get into the real give-and-take that’s necessary to reach a final agreement until they are sure that the president has the authority that he needs to conclude the deal. Absent that, they are content to wait. 
In other words, if we want good trade 
agreements, we must have strong TPA procedures in place, and we need to be clear on one other point: The specifics of those procedures matter. They mat-ter a great deal. This is bipartisanship at its best. 
Our goal should not be to pass just 
any TPA bill. Our goal should be to pass the strongest bill possible. That is the only way to ensure we get the best possible deal out of our trade negotia-tions, which is, in the end, the purpose of TPA. We have used the same basic TPA structure for every major trade agreement over the last four decades and, quite frankly, the results speak for themselves. 
As my colleagues have so eloquently 
stated today, we do not need new, un-tested changes to establish TPA proce-dures that can hamper the process and make it harder for both our nego-tiators to reach a good deal and for Congress to be able to vote on agree-ment up or down. 
When Republicans took control of 
the Senate this year and I became the chairman of the Senate Finance Com-mittee, I made renewing TPA my top trade priority for this Congress. I set out to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to craft the best possible bill. We already had a good framework in place—the bill I intro-duced last year with former Chairman 
Baucus and Chairman Camp, which had broad support in Congress, in the ad-ministration, and in the business com-munity. 
My goal has been to see if we could 
improve upon that product in order to broaden support for TPA. I am cer-tainly willing to do that, but I have made it clear throughout this process that I cannot agree to any bill that would dilute the effectiveness of TPA as a tool to negotiate and enact strong trade agreements. 
Recently, I had the opportunity to 
talk personally with President Obama about TPA, as I mentioned. I think he understands the importance of getting a strong TPA bill through Congress. That is why I am willing to work with him to make the advancement of our Nation’s trade agenda a higher pri-ority. I am hoping the President will do his part to help persuade the Mem-bers of his party to support an effective TPA bill. He says he will, and I believe him. 
Make no mistake. Our competitors 
are not sitting on their laurels when it comes to trade. There are literally hundreds of trade agreements under ne-gotiation throughout the world, and the United States is party to only a few. 
This hurts our exporters badly. This 
bill is really necessary. We need to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.005 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1596 March 18, 2015 
better. We need to do everything we 
can to ensure that the United States is not only a participant in international trade but a leader. The only way we can do that is by passing a strong TPA bill. 
I stand ready and willing to work 
with the White House and my col-leagues in the Senate to get an effec-tive TPA bill introduced out of com-mittee and onto the Senate floor as soon as possible. 
We cannot afford to miss this oppor-
tunity. This is a grand opportunity for us. It is bipartisan down the line, and I think it would be a great accomplish-ment for the Congress of the United States to get this done. But, more im-portantly, it would be a great accom-plishment for the President and this administration to have this done. It would give him the tools to do a lot of the things that need to be done. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
Portman amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services sys-tems to improve the identification and as-sessment of child victims of sex trafficking. 
Portman amendment No. 271, to amend the 
definition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth. 
Vitter amendment No. 284 (to amendment 
No. 271), to amend section 301 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citizens of the United States at birth. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I did not 
come down to speak on this particular bill. I am back for week No. 4 of waste of the week. 
In recent weeks, I have highlighted 
what I describe as excess spending of taxpayer dollars. We have talked about double dipping in unemployment insur-ance, where if we could close this loop-
hole, we could save the taxpayer $5.7 billion in savings. 
We have also talked about duplica-
tion in Federal economic development programs. There are 50-some programs that provide for workforce training spread among a number of agencies. Surely we can reduce that number sig-nificantly. And if we could do so, we could save the taxpayer $200 million. 
And last week—somewhat tongue in 
cheek, nevertheless not small change— I talked about a $387,000 grant issued by the National Institutes of Health in which 18 New Zealand white rabbits were given, four times a day, 30-minute massages to determine whether they would be relieved of some soreness after they were given some physical ex-ercise. Then four massages a day, 30 minutes apiece, costing $387,000, to prove that a massage helped to make them feel better or removed some of those aches and pains. 
I think we could have asked any ath-
lete from any college. As we are mov-ing into college basketball’s March Madness and Final Four that we all en-gage in at this time of year, we could ask any college athlete, or any person for that matter who is doing work in the yard: Do you think 4 30-minute massages a day would help you feel a little better and help you with some of those aches and pains? Do we need to spend $387,000 of taxpayer dollars in order to prove this and give rabbits massages? 
So up we go with the chart. Waste of 
the week. This is week No. 4, and I would like to talk about a so-called bonus that has been given by our Fed-eral Government that is quite egre-gious. 
I am sure many look forward to a po-
tential bonus at the end of the year— though it doesn’t apply in our business here. A bonus sounds like something that comes along with something that was earned, but what if it was a bonus you didn’t earn? Is it still a bonus or does it become fraud? 
Internal Revenue Service Commis-
sioner John Koskinen recently con-firmed to the Senate that unless action is taken, an amnesty bonus would be available to millions who have broken our immigration laws. All of this stems from the President’s announcement in November of 2014 to grant 3 years of tentative legal status to as many as 4 million individuals who crossed Amer-ica’s borders into this country ille-gally. Fortunately, President Obama’s Executive amnesty has been tempo-rarily blocked by a Federal court. Hopefully, that blockage will survive all legal challenges to undo it. But if this amnesty plan moves forward, 4 million illegal individuals will be granted Social Security numbers. 
Why does this matter? Well, when 
you are granted a Social Security num-ber, it triggers certain benefits, includ-ing eligibility for the earned income tax credit for up to 3 prior years in fu-ture tax filing years. The earned income tax credit is a 
benefit for working people who have low to moderate income. It is an incen-tive and a reward for those who choose to work, and it does help to reduce the number of those who are dependent on government welfare programs. It al-lows some individuals to receive pay-ments from the U.S. Treasury just by filing a tax return. It reduces the amount of tax an individual owes and it may also provide a tax refund. 
Why is this issue qualified as waste 
of the week? Since the President is try-ing to legalize an additional 4 million individuals, if his action is upheld by the court, 4 million people will now have retroactive access to this benefit and taxpayers foot the bill for these 4 million illegal immigrants who will be in a position to earn this tax credit. 
The Joint Committee on Taxation 
says this so-called amnesty bonus for those who have come into our country illegally will drain about $2.1 billion from the United States Treasury. 
I am for legal immigration. The 
United States has a rich history as a destination where people from all over the world can come to make a better life for themselves. We are a nation of immigrants. As a matter of fact, I am the son of an immigrant. My mother came here with her family, and it has been the narrative of our family. Legal immigration is what has made America the great prosperous country it is today. But we also are a nation of laws, and Congress should help ensure that legal immigrants to our country can benefit from the opportunities they need to succeed, but that doesn’t in-clude rewarding those who are gaming our immigration system to receive benefits they do not legally qualify for. 
To address this matter, I have joined 
with Senator G
RASSLEY and several 
other of my colleagues to introduce legislation that would correct this issue. If we can correct this issue, we will save the taxpayers an estimated $2.1 billion in future spending. 
So up we go with the thermometer 
here, and we will be adding another $2.1 billion to the money that can be saved our taxpayers by eliminating duplica-tion, by pursuing awards that are not legally given, by looking at the way the Federal Government wastes money by giving rabbits back rubs, and we are going to continue to fill this up until we hopefully reach the $100 billion goal. That is not small change. 
I continue to hear from Hoosiers and 
others who write and say: Yes, we haven’t been able to address the big issues of debt and deficit, but we can go after government waste. And those who say we can’t afford to cut spending a nickel because we have cut so much so far clearly have not paid attention to the billions of dollars that can be saved the taxpayers simply by addressing the waste and illegal use of the taxpayer money. 
I look forward to sharing some more 
of these in coming weeks, and I thank the sponsor of the bill here for giving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.007 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1597 March 18, 2015 
me the time to come down and add an-
other waste of the week to the list climbing toward our goal of $100 billion in savings for the taxpayer, who is overtaxed already. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak on the pending business, the Jus-tice for Victims of Human Trafficking Bill. 
The Senate is now on the second 
week of the trafficking bill and my col-leagues in the minority refuse to allow this body to amend or pass this bipar-tisan bill. When this legislation was re-ported out of committee, not a single Democrat on the committee raised any concern with the inclusion of the pro-tections offered by the Hyde amend-ment. This was hardly surprising, after all, Democrats have previously voted in favor of legislation that includes similar long standing statutory protec-tions—such as the Affordable Care Act. That is why it’s so shocking that Democrats—out of nowhere—have had a change of heart on the Hyde amend-ment, and are now obstructing efforts to help victims of human trafficking. 
I urge my colleagues who are filibus-
tering this legislation to consider the gravity of their actions. While Demo-crats play politics as usual, thousands of victims—many of whom are chil-dren—are assaulted and abused every day, hoping someone will hear their cries for help. We cannot and must not allow political gamesmanship to stand in the way of helping thousands of vic-tims of human trafficking. Now is the time we must work together to protect our Nation’s most vulnerable from a horrific trade that robs our children of their childhood and rejects the sanc-tity of life. 
Let us honor our commitment to pro-
tect children from abuse, neglect and rape. Let us put aside politics and do the right thing by moving forward on this bill. 
Mr. COATS. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
am here today for two reasons. One is to manage the bill at hand for the next few hours, and the other is to talk a little bit about Loretta Lynch, and how I hope we can resolve both these issues. 
I believe when it comes to the human 
trafficking bill on the floor, as well as my bill, the safe harbor bill—which is not the one on the floor, but it is also a strong bipartisan bill that passed out of the Judiciary Committee with every single person voting for it, 20 to 0. I want to talk a little bit about the bill so people don’t forget it. It is expected to be an amendment to the bill on the 
floor when we get these issues resolved. 
I am hopeful that at some point 
here—and I hope it is today—we are going to turn the corner on some of the language we have been hearing on the floor. I think it is becoming a sad situ-ation, especially sad for the victims of trafficking, and I think we have a mo-ment in time today and tomorrow where we can actually work on this and try to resolve it. I believe this great august body, which has dealt with many large issues in the past—100 people who I think have come to this place with good will—should be able to resolve it in some way, get through this, and get this bill done. 
As we continue to work on the issues 
with the bill at hand, Senator C
ORNYN ’s 
bill, I also want to talk about the bill I have and why both these bills are im-portant and actually work together. 
On trafficking. First, we know the 
numbers. More than 27 million people around the world are victims of some kind of trafficking each year. It is not always sex trafficking. Sometimes it is labor trafficking and other things. When it comes to sex trafficking, the average age of a victim when she is trafficked is 13 years old. She is not even old enough to go to a high school prom, not even old enough to get a driver’s license. 
When you look at the statistics 
around the world, it is the third big-gest international criminal enterprise in the world. The first is the illegal trafficking of drugs. I don’t think that is a surprise. The second is the illegal trafficking of guns, and the third is the illegal trafficking of children, mostly little girls. But what people don’t al-ways realize when they think about trafficking—I think they often think about kids who are found in the bottom of a boat. That does happen, horrible stories like that. But when it comes to the United States of America, 83 per-cent of the victims—83 percent of the victims—are from our own country. They are from our own country. They are girls such as Tamara Vandermoon of Minnesota. She was 12 when she was first sold for sex. She was not even a teenager. She was just mad at her mom, and she ran away. A pimp found her and made her all kinds of prom-ises—promises that sounded pretty good when you are a scared kid away from home. It happened when she was the most vulnerable. He took advan-tage of her before she even had a chance to grow up and be an adult. She has worked to change her life around through services and help in our State. 
Our State has been the leader in this 
area. That is one of the things why I introduced the safe harbor bill, which I hope will be the first amendment to this bill after we resolve these issues. My bill also is sponsored with Senator C
ORNYN . He and I have worked together 
on this bill. 
Another example—because people al-
ways use numbers. I used a bunch of numbers at the beginning of this speech, but I think sometimes people 
know behind those numbers, every sin-gle one of those numbers, is a child. 
Two weeks ago, out of the U.S. Attor-
ney’s office in Minnesota, our case was charged, and it happened a few months ago. It was a 12-year-old in Rochester, MN, which is an idyllic community, a beautiful place. This little 12-year-old got a text. She was with a girl who was a little older than herself. The text in-vited them to a party. She thought that was pretty cool. She goes to the McDonald’s parking lot. She is at the McDonald’s parking lot, and this pimp puts her in the car. She thinks she is going to a party. She gets carted up to the Twin Cities. She gets raped. He takes sexually explicit pictures of her. He puts them on Craigslist. She gets sold the next day to two other guys, raped by two other guys. 
Finally they were able to track down 
this perpetrator. He has been charged with a very serious crime by the U.S. Attorney’s office. This happened in Minnesota. We can ask Senator H
EITKAMP , who has been involved in 
this issue. It happens in the oil patches in North Dakota. It happens on the streets of Washington, DC. It happens all over this country. 
We may say, why is everyone talking 
about this now in this day and age? I look at this, as a former prosecutor, as back when people viewed domestic vio-lence as a crime that was behind doors, that no one wanted to talk about it, and no one realized it was a crime. They thought of it as a family issue. 
When we start seeing kids who are in 
situations of domestic violence are multiple times more likely to commit crimes themselves because they grow up seeing it, we realize it is not just an issue between two people. As horrible as the injuries are to the immediate victim, it is also an issue for their en-tire family and for the entire commu-nity. We learned that about domestic violence. We learned that about child abuse. Now we are starting to see this about trafficking. 
We can’t have a 12-year-old who is a 
criminal, right? The 12-year-old is a victim of this. The 12-year-old doesn’t know what they are doing. They are only 12 years old, but they are a vic-tim, they are not a criminal. That is the focus of the Safe Harbor Act. 
I want to thank my colleague, Re-
publican E
RIKPAULSEN in the House, 
who has taken this bill on. We have worked together on it. A version of it has passed the House. We like ours a little bit better because it has the na-tional sex trafficking strategy in it, and that is the bill we are going to be putting on as an amendment. E
RIKhas 
been a true leader on this issue, and we just talked yesterday about it. This bill actually now has—a version of it, my safe harbor bill—has passed the House twice. It doesn’t have the issues with the Hyde amendment. Hopefully it will be the first bill, the first amend-ment, when we resolve these other issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.008 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1598 March 18, 2015 
What does the bill do? What it does is 
looks at what has been working in States across the country. According to a report by Polaris—a group that is among many groups as a leader on sex trafficking—it shows that 15 States across the country have taken these safe harbor laws. The laws basically say we are not going to treat these kids as criminals. We are going to make sure they are treated as victims, that they get the services they need. And mostly then from a law enforce-ment perspective—from someone who was a prosecutor for 8 years, ran an of-fice of 400 people and saw these cases coming in and out of our doors all the time—what it means is these victims will then better testify against the peo-ple whom we want to get. Those are the perps. Those are the people running the rings. Those are the johns who are buying the sex. By having this ap-proach, we have a much better chance of going after the people who are doing this. 
The Ramsey County attorney’s office 
out of St. Paul, MN, with their leader John Choi, was able to get a 40-year sentence last year of someone who was running one of these rings. We have had numerous prosecutions in Min-nesota. 
This idea of having a shelter, a place 
for the victims to go—because other-wise what is going to happen if they don’t think they are going to get help or maybe get some job training, have a place to stay, they are going to go right back to the pimp, and then they are not going to be willing to testify and tell their story. That is what has happened through history, and that has enabled the rings to get worse and worse. 
The other thing we know that has en-
abled them to get worse is the Inter-net. We love the Internet, but it has al-lowed people to market things on all kinds of Web sites and in all kinds of devious ways. They are able to sell young girls and young boys on these Web sites. They get a text and they show up and think they are going to a party. That is what is happening. It is behind closed doors and it is hidden. That is one of the reasons we are see-ing this increase and these problems coming up, in addition to the realiza-tion we are not going to tolerate this anymore. 
We have 15 States across the country 
that already have the safe harbor laws. Another 12 States are making good progress in this direction. It is not starting from scratch. As I said, my home State is one of the first ones, but we are seeing them. What our bill does is create incentives for States to adopt these kinds of laws. It is not involving a lot of money. It is taking existing programs and trying to create incen-tives so that States will adopt these laws. 
The other piece of the bill is that it 
allows victims of these crimes to qual-ify for certain Federal job programs that they may not qualify for now. It also creates a national strategy, as I 
mentioned, to combat human traf-ficking. 
I always found when I was a pros-
ecutor that people didn’t care who took on the case, whether it was a local prosecutor or the State AG or the U.S. Attorney’s office. They just wanted people to get the job done. They didn’t actually understand the jurisdictional divisions. By making this national sex trafficking strategy the idea—and I have seen this with the Violence Against Women Act—it may not be that we are mandating people do a cer-tain thing, but we put out there some best practices that local offices can cover. We look at what is working in certain States. Then we put those out there because we have a national sex trafficking strategy, and we give peo-ple ideas of what they can do best. 
Those are parts of the bill. It is pret-
ty straightforward. Again, it is not the bill on the floor right now which, of course, has an important purpose, to help fund some of the shelters and pay for it by an increase on the fees on per-petrators, but it is a part of the solu-tion. 
Another part of the solution we 
haven’t talked too much about over the last few days, because there have been a lot of other things going on, I think we have to also remember the role of the private sector. We certainly have seen this in our State, where Marilyn Carlson Nelson, who is a won-derful business leader, headed up Carl-son Companies for many years. Carlson Companies owns the Radisson Hotels. She has made training of her workforce a major part of this because it is the people on the frontline—and you can see Delta and all the others, American, United, a lot of the airlines are making this a priority as well. They are train-ing their workers because they are on the frontline, and they are going to see this happen. They are going to see the victims. They are going to figure out something is going on that is wrong, so they can at least report it to their ho-tel’s security or whatever authorities they think they need to; they can stop it right there on the ground floor and report it to the authorities. 
We shouldn’t forget that. Because un-
less these private sector entities who see it happening come forward—this isn’t in any of our bills. This is some-thing they are doing on their own. Un-less they do that, we can have all the laws we want on the books, but it is really hard to catch these things from happening. I am proud of the work they have done. 
My good friend Cindy McCain, H
EIDI 
HEITKAMP , and I went to Mexico last 
spring with the major focus on sex traf-ficking. We met with the attorney gen-eral of Mexico and met with the head of their law enforcement in Mexico City about this very topic. Because Mexico, along with many other coun-tries, has girls who do come in and are brought in for purposes of sex traf-ficking. I do want to emphasize, how-ever, this is not just an international 
problem, but over 83 percent of the vic-tims are from our country. But they have been coordinating with us on a number of successful prosecutions by giving us information so when the cases come to the United States, we view this. They have their own internal problems with this and other things as well, obviously, in Mexico. We went there not to say you are doing some-thing wrong. We went there to say we have our own problems, and so do you. 
Let’s figure out how we can work to-gether on this issue. 
Again, Cindy McCain is an example 
of someone who on the private side has been very involved with her foundation in working on this issue and helping with shelters and other things. The pri-vate sector piece of this, they can be called trafficking facilitators, unknow-ingly, because they are allowing this to happen. But in a way, they are a major part of the solution. I do not want us to forget that as we go forward and as they work with us to address the needs of the victims, and mostly to be able to catch these cases and bring them to law enforcement. 
That is kind of a tour through what 
the safe harbor bill does. Again, Sen-ator C
ORNYN and I have talked about it 
being the first amendment to the bill. I am very aware that we need to work out the issues on the underlying bill, and I am hopeful after days of acri-mony that at some point we are going to be able to work together. I am hop-ing there will be a different flavor to people’s discussions about this issue today. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
The Loretta Lynch nomination now 
has been tied into this. I have a little bit of a different approach because I do not think we should be slowing it down anymore. I understand that we have to work out the issues on the sex traf-ficking, and there is plenty of blame that can go around. But I think the major focus should be on working it out instead of playing this blame game. 
Loretta Lynch, on the other hand—I 
do not understand why our friends on the other side of the aisle have been de-laying this for so long. I understand this is a major job, but this is a woman who has had 900 written questions and an 8-hour job interview, to my mind, where members of the Judiciary Com-mittee could ask her whatever they wanted, in several rounds of questions, if they wanted. She also met with members of that committee. I am sure that anyone who wanted to met with her—I know she has met with at least 59 Senators to date. That is a pretty major job interview. Twenty-five U.S. Attorneys from Republican and Demo-cratic administrations have approved and suggested that she is more than fit for this job. 
How do I come down on this? I come 
down on this as a perspective of know-ing that Attorney General Holder wants to leave. I think he has done some really good things. I know some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Mar 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.010 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1599 March 18, 2015 
of my colleagues have not been a big 
fan of his. This is an opportunity for them to put someone new in. We will start with that. 
The second thing is this is someone 
who is highly qualified. Coming from a State where we have indicted 20 people for criminal activity related to al- Shabaab with their terrorist activities in Somalia, we have recently indicted a number of people who decided they were going to go fight with ISIS, com-ing out of our State. And I am proud of our communities, our Muslim and So-mali communities, that have been working with law enforcement on this. This has been an effort, because no kid should be going over there and no par-ent wants their kid to go join a ter-rorist organization. 
That being said, to keep our commu-
nities safe, we have to be very aggres-sive about these cases. So given that these cases are going on right in my hometown, I would really like to have the support of an Attorney General in place, and one who is nominated before this body. And as the nominee, she is someone who is uniquely qualified to handle these kinds of cases that the citizens in my State want to have han-dled, these terrorism cases. In fact, her office is No. 1 in the country when it comes to how many terrorism cases they have successfully handled in New York. So she is a seasoned U.S. attor-ney. She is not someone who comes from a political background; she is someone who comes from a prosecutor background and is a former prosecutor and someone who wants to see that kind of commonsense, no-nonsense mentality in the Attorney General’s of-fice. 
I highly recommend that my col-
leagues not only vote for her confirma-tion but just let this come to the floor as soon as possible. 
Some of the critiques I have heard 
against her from some of my col-leagues—some have said she has been lawless, and that doesn’t quite make sense to me, especially when we look at who has been backing her from the law enforcement community, such as the 25 U.S. attorneys I mentioned. The New York police commissioner has endorsed her, as has the president of the Federal Law Enforcement Association and the president of the International Associa-tion of Chiefs of Police. These people are not exactly known for supporting lawlessness. 
The other thing that has been men-
tioned by many of my colleagues that concerns me as to the reason they gave for blocking her nomination is that she said when she was at a hearing that she would be supportive, as the chief law enforcement person for our country, of the President’s policies when it comes to immigration. 
Let’s start with the law. We know 
this is now tied up in the courts, and there are different court decisions. One court is upholding the Executive order of the President, and another court has said it is not legal. We have had dis-putes on it in the courts. All right. But 
when we look through time, we realize every President since Dwight Eisen-hower has done some kind of Executive order of varying degrees. George H.W. Bush did a major Executive order in-volving many immigrants. When we look at those through history, we real-ize those Presidents to some degree or 
other—I know the Liberian community in Minnesota. They have been for dec-ades on an emergency order, and that is why they are in our State. Every year, they have to come back, and sometimes Congress does something and sometimes the President does something. But year after year, they need this Executive order because of the status under which they came to this country. They are law-abiding citi-zens. They are working throughout our State and have been here for 15 or 20 years. And that is just one example. 
These Executive orders on immigra-
tion have been going on since Dwight Eisenhower. I don’t really have the time to look back and see what every Attorney General did at the time, but my guess is that the Attorneys General under Dwight Eisenhower and Richard Nixon and both Bushes and Bill Clinton all said: OK, this is legal. You can go ahead and do this Executive order. 
I am not saying this one is not of 
more magnitude. It is. But there was a major Executive order when George Bush was President. We know that. So why we would then somehow take that history and extrapolate it into, OK, well, Loretta Lynch is somehow law-less just because she said the President could issue an Executive order—it just doesn’t make any sense to me at all. 
We have a woman who has been pros-
ecuting these cases of terrorism for years. We have someone who has sig-nificant support from Democratic and Republican U.S. attorneys from many administrations. We have someone who really did pass her senatorial job re-view. I understand that my colleagues feel strongly about immigration and that they didn’t like what the Presi-dent did, and the President himself said he would like to tear up that piece of paper that contained the Executive action if only this body and the House would pass comprehensive immigration reform. 
When I look back through this whole 
story, one of my proudest moments was when the Senate came together on comprehensive immigration reform. I am on the Judiciary Committee, and I believe that was the best moment for the Judiciary Committee in the last few years. Under Chairman L
EAHY ’s 
leadership, our committee was able to work together across party lines, start-ing with the Gang of 8 who came up with the base concept, which was half Democrats and half Republicans, in-cluding Senator D
URBIN , Senator 
MCCAIN, Senator S CHUMER , Senator 
BENNET , Senator M ENENDEZ , Senator 
FLAKE , and the work of many other 
Members, which made it possible to get that bill done. So the Gang of 8 got that done, and 
from there we went to the committee with a bill, and we spent days voting on amendments. We voted on amend-ments that stretched over every part of the bill, whether it was the fence at the border or what would happen with un-documented workers or the work Sen-ator H
ATCH and I did on making sure 
we had the green card and visa system up to date. We have a situation in our 
country right now where we have lit-erally unlimited visas for wild hockey players. We love our hockey team in Minnesota, and they are able to recruit a bunch of Canadians. That is good for us, but doctors from the Mayo Clinic are not able to bring in a spouse if they want to come from another country. 
We have to look at this as to the un-
documented workers who are here, we have the border issues, and we also have these issues related to agriculture and the innovation economy that make this comprehensive reform so impor-tant. Let’s remember that when it comes to business issues, we have a case where 200 of our Fortune 500 com-panies were started by immigrants or kids of immigrants. Ninety of our For-tune 500 companies were started by im-migrants. Thirty percent of our U.S. Nobel laureates were born in other countries. 
I neglected to add M
ARCO RUBIO to 
the Gang of 8 as I recall in my mind ev-eryone who was in it. 
That is why I was such a fan of the 
comprehensive immigration reform— because it was so important to look at all parts of the issue. 
So now I get to Loretta Lynch. We 
passed a bill with pretty strong support here—I think it was like 68 votes or something in that neighborhood—and then it went over to the House and it sat there in a deep freeze. That bill sat there for over a year somewhere be-tween the chocolate ice cream and the frozen peas. We were never able to get it out of the House, and that is what led to the President’s Executive order, and now somehow—OK, that is fine, it was bad enough that that all happened, and I am still hopeful we will be able to get this done, but how that story leads to Loretta Lynch’s confirmation being held up is beyond belief to me. I think it is time to get her nomination voted on. I don’t think it should be related to the present difficulties we are having with this bill that I care so much about and mostly also with my safe harbor legislation, which has been slotted to be the first amendment. 
I am hopeful we will be able to work 
everything out with the bill that is on the floor right now—I truly am—be-cause I don’t think it is fitting of the Senate to keep up this fight when there are victims of sex trafficking every sin-gle day, such as that 12-year-old girl out of Rochester, MN. How are we going to explain this to that little girl, that we are fighting it out every single day instead of trying to come to a reso-lution? 
I remember when we were down in 
Mexico—H
EIDI HEITKAMP and Cindy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.011 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1600 March 18, 2015 
McCain and I—and visited one of the 
shelters there. We met all the girls who were there. There was one girl there named Paloma. All the other girls had an interpreter and they talked to us through the interpreter, but she spoke a little English. She introduced herself, and then she just started to cry and could not stop crying. As she cried, you just knew that whatever happened to her was so bad, she could not even talk about it. 
It reminded me of when Senator 
G
ILLIBRAND , Senator G RAHAM , Senator 
HOEVEN , and I were on a trip and went 
to a refugee camp in Jordan and met with a group of refugees. One of the women there said that what she had seen happen to her family in Syria was so sad that it would make stones cry. That is what I thought of when I saw Paloma, that what had happened to her—this little, young, beautiful, 12-, 13-year-old girl—what had happened to her was so sad that it would make stones cry. 
I hope my colleagues keep this in 
mind as we work on these two bills. I am tired of talking about how this hap-pened or how we got where we are. There is a way to resolve this problem, and certainly the nomination of the Attorney General of the United States 
should not be held up because of it. 
I yield the floor. I see my good friend Senator I
SAKSON  
from Georgia is here. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I en-
courage the Members of the Senate to vote favorably on cloture so we can move forward on the important bill on human trafficking. 
Mr. President, I come to the floor to 
ask unanimous consent to address the Senate as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I don’t 
normally come to the floor and address a question that was asked rhetorically on the floor the night before, but I am compelled to do so today. 
There were two instances that hap-
pened in the last week where my name and the Coca-Cola name came up, and I thought I should set the record straight. 
This weekend, in an op-ed published 
in USA TODAY, the Democratic leader, H
ARRY REID, and S HELDON WHITEHOUSE , 
the Senator from Rhode Island, made the following statement: 
Republicans in Congress who represent 
great corporations headquartered in their states ignore those corporations—Walmart in Arkansas, Coca-Cola in Georgia, VF Cor-poration in North Carolina—when they ex-plain the business case for addressing cli-mate change and are already reducing their own pollution. 
Republicans in Congress who root bois-
terously for their state university sports teams ignore the warnings of scientists and researchers at those very universities on cli-mate change. 
Then last night on the floor of the 
Senate, in his 93rd speech on global warming, Senator W HITEHOUSE made 
the following statement and asked this rhetorical question: ‘‘I don’t know whether Coca-Cola has ever spoken about climate change to Senator I
SAK-
SON. . . from Coca-Cola’s home State 
of Georgia.’’ So I came to answer that rhetorical question and to answer the reference that was made in the edi-torial by Senator R
EIDand Senator 
WHITEHOUSE . 
This is a picture of me and Senator 
COONS in Ghana, Africa. It is 5 years 
old. At the request of the Coca-Cola Company, he and I traveled the con-tinent of Africa looking at clean water projects all over that continent. Afri-can people who never had the oppor-tunity to drink clean water now have sustainable clean water plants thanks to the Coca-Cola Company. These plants are environmentally safe, envi-ronmentally friendly, noncarbon-emit-ting water purification systems. 
During the course of the years I have 
been in the U.S. Senate, the Coca-Cola Company has briefed me on the fol-lowing things about their business as it deals with climate change or carbon. 
They have saved 7 billion gallons of 
water in the United States with facil-ity improvements in the United States. They have donated 70,000 ingredient drums for reuse as rain barrels, have supported over 100 watershed projects across North America, and have partnered with the National Forest Service to provide water to 60 million Americans. 
On energy and climate, they have im-
proved cooling equipment efficiency by 60 percent in their operation since the year 2000. They own the largest heavy- duty hybrid electric truck fleet in North America and have improved en-ergy efficiency in manufacturing by 8 percent since 2008. 
In packaging, over 96 percent of total 
waste is diverted away from landfills. 
Since 2007, they have distributed 
240,000 public recycling bins. They have achieved a 70 million-pound reduction in packaging material, and innovative packaging avoids 150,000 metric tons of CO
2emissions—150,000 metric tons of 
CO 2emissions. 
As far as agriculture, they have in-
vested over $1 million to support sus-tainable agriculture in Georgia and across the United States. They have supported the planting of 25,000 acres of new orange groves in Florida and 4,100 new jobs in energy efficiency. 
That is what the Coca-Cola Company 
has advised me of since I have been in the U.S. Senate in terms of their com-mitment to a clean environment for our world and country. 
I believe the climate does change, 
but I don’t believe climate change is a religion, I think it is science. I have done everything I can as a Senator to educate myself on the carbon and cli-mate change issue. Seven years ago, I went with Senator B
OXER from Cali-
fornia to Disko Bay in Greenland with Dr. Ally, the leading glaciologist in the world, to study what he says about the possibility of carbon being the cause of 
climate change. There are mixed re-views and mixed scientific evidence on that. 
I am the first person to say we should 
reduce our carbon footprint. It is good for the atmosphere and our health. Eight years ago, when I had just en-tered the U.S. Senate, I bought a hy-brid vehicle. I still drive that hybrid Ford Escape today. I did so because I thought it was a good business and a good atmospheric decision. I didn’t buy it because someone made me; I bought it because I cared. My wife and I recy-cle because we think it is a good idea. 
There are lots of things we can do to 
reduce the footprint of carbon, but to infer in USA TODAY or in a speech that we are not cognizant of the things that are done by our corporations to reduce carbon emissions and reduce the danger to the environment is just wrong and it is just unfair. 
Senator W
HITEHOUSE wrote a great 
book, which I read, called ‘‘Virtues.’’ It is about the great virtues of living a good and healthy life, and one of those virtues is truth. The truth is that all of us care about the environment; we just don’t all subscribe to the same theory about what happens. 
We should all be praising the good 
things that corporations are doing and recognize that it is not just Democrats and not just Republicans, but it is American politicians who make the policies that determine where we go in the future. 
I think it is very important that we 
reduce carbon emissions, but I think it is important to be practical in those reductions. We can pass all the great regulations in the world that are good for the environment, but if they shut down the American economy and American business, they are probably not a very good idea. 
The environment and business should 
work in harmony together rather than be adversaries and enemies. Publica-tions like what appeared in USA TODAY over the weekend or speeches like the one that was made last night don’t do anything to foster harmony or a good commitment; instead, they raise controversy. 
I love S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE . He is a 
great U.S. Senator. I appreciate Leader R
EIDand what he does. But I don’t ap-
preciate the references that were made about Coca-Cola or about me in the ar-ticle they wrote over the weekend or the speech that was made last night. 
In fact, as I thought about what I 
would do in terms of responding to what was said, I sat down last night and made an interesting observation. Monday of this week before I left Geor-gia to come up here, I met with the Southern Company, and one of the dis-cussions that came up were the solar panels they put out in the Southwest to amend the grid out there with solar energy—something that is environ-
mentally sound and doesn’t emit car-bon. They talked about Plant Vogtle, where they are adding three or four re-actors, which is renewable energy and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.013 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1601 March 18, 2015 
recyclable, and it emits no carbon and 
is now being generated in Georgia—re-liable electricity with carbon-free gen-eration through nuclear power. 
Yesterday, I had a meeting with the 
UPS corporation, which just happens to be one of the leaders in the world using nonfossil fuel-burning waste to deliver their packages. 
You can go down the list of corporate 
America and the things they are doing to reduce carbon emissions every single day, and they deserve the credit. But they don’t need to be criticized or lec-tured by Members of the Senate for not lobbying me because they do lobby me. They believe, as I believe, that reduc-ing carbon is good, but it shouldn’t be a religion; it should be dealt with sci-entifically. It is important that we un-derstand that every contribution we can make to a carbonless environment is a good contribution, but we can’t abolish it absolutely. Every regulation we pass to improve our environment is important, but if it shuts down Amer-ican business, it probably is not the right decision to make. 
So since the question was asked rhe-
torically last night on the floor of the Senate, I thought I would come to the floor and answer it in person. I believe truth is a virtue. The truth is the Coca- Cola Company has informed me con-tinuously about the efforts they have made to reduce carbon emissions and to improve their environmental con-tribution. There is no greater evidence of that than me drinking water that just came out of a purification plant in Ghana, Africa, out of a Coca-Cola cup. I think that is about the best evidence we can possibly find that they have de-livered their message. They are doing their job. I am proud of the Coca Cola Company. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
wanted to clarify something I said when I spoke about the work the Sen-ate did on comprehensive immigration reform in relation to the Loretta Lynch nomination. I mentioned the Gang of 8, and I think I got seven of them right. I wish to clarify exactly who was a Member of the Gang of 8: Senator S
CHUMER , Senator D URBIN , 
Senator M ENENDEZ , Senator B ENNET , 
Senator M CCAIN, Senator F LAKE , Sen-
ator G RAHAM , and Senator R UBIO. That 
was the starting-off point for the com-prehensive immigration reform that passed through the Senate. 
I wish to get back to the matter at 
hand. As I stand in the Chamber today, I am going to keep reminding people of why we are really here, why the bill is on the floor—which is about sex traf-ficking—and the reason we want to try to resolve these issues and actually focus on the matter at hand and not on extraneous issues and other issues and other fights. My own Republican Con-gressman who carries my bill, the safe harbor bill—which of course is not the bill at issue but we hope will be the first amendment—has noted that we 
just need to move on and get these bills done and not play politics as usual. That is going to be my focus today as I manage this bill. 
So I thought I would read on the 
floor a book that has been a national bestseller by Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times and his wife Sheryl WuDunn. It is a book about sex traf-ficking. It is an incredible book. It fo-cuses more on international sex traf-ficking. As we know, our bills here— the one that is on the floor and the one I have authored—are about how our own country gets a handle on this, by getting better laws in place and cre-ating incentives and working with the private sector and doings things so our country, I think from my perspective, internationally can be a true leader. We can’t be a true leader and tell these states and democracies and countries that aren’t even democracies across the world that they need to do a better job if we don’t do a better job. 
To me, this should be a major tenet 
of our foreign policy. Once we get women so that they are not treated as slaves and they are not treated as chat-tel—once we get them to that cir-cumstance—countries always do bet-ter. When we have women who can work and own businesses, women who can serve in government, it changes a whole society. 
So that is why the sex trafficking bill 
is on the floor and the one that I have that will be considered as an amend-ment. The reason we need to get through where we are right now and focus on the real issue at hand is that our country can not only help the vic-tims in our own country, but by shin-ing a light on this, by being a leader on this internationally, it will help us internationally. We want to be able to work with other countries—not saying they are doing something bad when we have our own problem, but saying, Here is what we did and here is how we are handling this and we want to work with you as partners and we want to have women be treated with respect throughout the world. 
So this book, as I said, focuses on 
international sex trafficking. It is called ‘‘Half the Sky.’’ I love this name. It is a Chinese proverb. It talks about how women basically are holding up half the sky. That is what it is about. Women are holding up half the sky. We can’t forget about half the sky and just let half the sky go and let them be sold into slavery and not be treated equally and expect a society to function. 
So this is how the book starts out. It 
has a great quote from Mark Twain. I like jokes. Listen to this one: ‘‘What would men be without women? Scarce, sir, mighty scarce.’’ 
It is making the point again that 
women hold up half the sky. 
So this is the book and how it starts: 
Srey Rath is a self-confident Cambodian 
teenager whose black hair tumbles over a round, light brown face. She is in a crowded street market, standing beside a pushcart 
and telling her story calmly, with detach-ment. The only hint of anxiety or trauma is the way she often pushes her hair in front of her black eyes, perhaps a nervous tic. Then she lowers her hand and her long fingers ges-ticulate and flutter in the air with incon-gruous grace as she recounts her odyssey. 
Rath is short and small-boned, pretty, vi-
brant, and bubbly, a wisp of a girl whose neg-ligible stature contrasts with an outsized and outgoing personality. When the skies abruptly release a tropical rain shower that drenches us, she simply laughs and rushes us to cover under a tin roof, and then cheerfully continues her story as the rain drums over-head. But Rath’s attractiveness and winning personality are perilous bounties for a rural Cambodian girl, and her trusting nature and optimistic self-assuredness compound the hazard. 
When Rath was fifteen, her family ran out 
of money, so she decided to go work as a 
dishwasher in Thailand for two months to help pay the bills. Her parents fretted about her safety, but they were reassured when Rath arranged to travel with four friends who had been promised jobs in the same Thai restaurant. The job agent took the girls deep into Thailand and then handed them to gangsters who took them to Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia. Rath was dazzled by her first glimpses of the city’s clean avenues and gleaming high-rises, including at the time the world’s tallest twin buildings; it seemed safe and welcoming. But then thugs sequestered Rath and two other girls inside a karaoke lounge that operated as a brothel. One gangster in his late thirties, a man known as ‘‘the boss,’’ took charge of the girls and explained that he had paid money for them and that they would now be obliged to repay him. ‘‘You must find money to pay off the debt, and then I will send you back home,’’ he said, repeatedly reassuring them that if they cooperated they would eventu-ally be released. 
Rath was shattered when what was hap-
pening dawned on her. The boss locked her up with a customer, who tried to force her to have sex with him. She fought back, enrag-ing the customer. ‘‘So the boss got angry and hit me in the face, first with one hand and then with the other,’’ she remembers, telling her story with simple resignation. ‘‘The mark stayed on my face for two weeks.’’ Then the boss and the other gangsters raped her and beat her with their fists. 
‘‘You have to serve the customers,’’ the 
boss told her as he punched her. ‘‘If not, we will beat you to death. Do you want that?’’ Rath stopped protesting, but she sobbed and refused to cooperate actively. The boss forced her to take a pill; the gangsters called it ‘‘the happy drug’’ or ‘‘the shake drug.’’ She doesn’t know exactly what it has, but it made her head shake and induced lethargy, happiness, and compliance for about an hour. When she wasn’t drugged, Rath was teary and insufficiently compliant—she was re-quired to beam happily at all customers—so the boss said he would waste no more time on her: She would agree to do as he ordered or he would kill her. Rath then gave in. The girls were forced to work in the brothel seven days a week, fifteen hours a day. They were kept naked to make it more difficult for them to run away or to keep tips or other money, and they were forbidden to ask cus-tomers to use condoms. They were battered until they smiled constantly and simulated joy at the sight of customers, because men would not pay as much for sex with girls with reddened eyes and haggard faces. The girls were never allowed out on the street or paid a penny for their work. 
‘‘They just gave us food to eat, but they 
didn’t give us much because the customers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.014 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1602 March 18, 2015 
didn’t like fat girls,’’ Rath says. The girls 
were bused, under guard, back and forth be-tween the brothel and a tenth-floor apart-ment where a dozen of them were housed. The door of the apartment was locked from the outside. However, one night, some of the girls went out onto their balcony and pried loose a long, five-inch-wide board from a rack used for drying clothes. They balanced it precariously between their balcony and one on the next building, twelve feet away. The board wobbled badly, but Rath was des-perate, so she sat astride the board and gradually inched across. 
‘‘There were four of us who did that,’’ she 
says. ‘‘The others were too scared, because it was very rickety. I was scared, too, and I couldn’t look down, but I was even more scared to stay. We thought that even if we died it would be better than staying behind. If we stayed we would die as well.’’ 
Once on the far balcony, the girls pounded 
on the window and woke the surprised ten-ant. They could hardly communicate with him because none of them spoke the lan-guage, but the tenant let them into his apartment and then out the front door. The girls took the elevator down and wandered the silent streets until they found a police station and walked inside. The police first tried to shoo them away, then arrested the girls for illegal immigration. Rath served a year in prison under Malaysia’s tough anti- immigrant laws, and then she was supposed to be repatriated. She thought a Malaysian policeman was escorting her home when he drove her to the Thai border—but then he sold her to a trafficker, who peddled her to a Thai brothel. 
So I say to my colleagues, this is 
what we are talking about. This story is in another country, but this same story is repeated in our country day in and day out. If we are going to try to lead in Cambodia and try to change the world for these girls, we have to lead in our own country. Certainly we have to lead by focusing on the issue at hand, which is sex trafficking, and what we can do in our country. What can we do? Well, we can have better services for the victims. We can set up our law en-forcement system in a way that works by not treating—for so long, these young 12-year-olds and 13-year-olds were thought of as criminals when, in fact, they are victims. How can we say someone is not raped, how can we say the story of this girl, who thought she was going to work to have a better life for herself as a dishwasher, then gets raped—how can we say that is not rape, that it is prostitution or a crime? No. She is a victim. 
That is what the safe harbor bill— 
which I have introduced and which I am hopeful will be the first amendment once we work out these other issues— would do. It would treat these girls and boys as victims. 
So I wish to remind my colleagues 
what we are truly dealing with. This is not supposed to be a fight over abor-tion. This is a fight about how to help these young girls throughout our coun-try and by virtue of us being a leader throughout the world. 
So I am going to continue reading 
from the book, just so we are all re-minded what we are talking about. 
Rath’s saga offers a glimpse of the bru-
tality inflicted routinely on women and girls in much of the world, a malignancy that is 
slowly gaining recognition as one of the paramount human rights problems of this century. 
The issues involved, however, have barely 
registered on the global agenda. Indeed, when we began reporting about international affairs in the 1980s— 
This is a book by Nicholas Kristof 
and his wife Sheryl, whose book, ‘‘Half the Sky,’’ is a national best seller. The subhead is ‘‘Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide.’’ 
Again, why am I reading this? Be-
cause this is what we are supposed to be talking about here. This is a bill we are supposed to be getting done and not talking about extraneous issues that I think we should be able to resolve be-cause they have been resolved in the past. To do that, we have to decide that these girls are important enough to do that. 
Continuing on, they talked about 
how these issues have barely registered on the global agenda: 
Indeed, when we began reporting about 
international affairs in the 1980s, we couldn’t have imagined writing this book. We as-sumed that the foreign policy issues that properly furrowed the brow were lofty and complex, like nuclear nonproliferation. It was difficult back then to envision the Coun-cil on Foreign Relations fretting about ma-ternal mortality or genital mutilation. Back then the oppression of women was a fringe issue, the kind of worthy cause the girl scouts might raise money for— 
And I hope that is not how we are 
treating this in the Senate. I hope that is not how we are treating it, and I hope we are not treating it as a polit-ical football. 
We preferred to probe the recondite ‘‘seri-
ous issues.’’ 
So this book is the outgrowth— 
The writers write— 
of our own journey of awakening as we 
worked together as journalists for The New York Times. The first milestone in that jour-ney came in China. Sheryl is a Chinese- American who grew up in New York City, and Nicholas is an Oregonian who grew up on a sheep and cherry farm near Yamhill, Or-egon. After we married, we moved to China, where seven months later we found ourselves standing on the edge of Tiananmen Square watching troops fire their automatic weap-ons at prodemocracy protestors. The mas-sacre claimed between four hundred and eight hundred lives and transfixed the world. It was the human rights story of the world. It was the human rights story of the year, and it seemed just about the most shocking violation imaginable. 
Then the following year, we came across 
an obscure but meticulous demographic study that outlined a human rights violation that had claimed tens of thousands more lives. This study found that thirty-nine thousand baby girls die annually in China because parents don’t give them the same medical care and attention that boys re-ceive—and that is just in their first year of life. One Chinese family-planning official, Li Honggui, explained it this way: ‘‘If a boy gets sick, the parents may send him to the hospital at once. But if a girl gets sick, the parents may say to themselves, ‘‘Well, let’s see how she is tomorrow.’’ 
. . . A similar pattern emerged in other 
countries, particularly in South Asia and the Muslim world. In India, a ‘‘bride burning’’— to punish a woman for an inadequate dowry 
or to eliminate her so a man can remarry— takes place approximately once every two hours, but these rarely constitute news. 
In . . . Pakistan, five thousand women and 
girls have been doused in kerosene and set alight by family members or in-laws—or, perhaps worse, been seared with acid—for perceived disobedience in the last nine years. Imagine the outcry if the Pakistani or In-dian governments were burning women alive at those rates. Yet when the government is not directly involved, people shrug. 
Again, how does this apply to the 
matter at hand? We know there are girls who are victims of trafficking who are put into slavery—sex slavery— every single day in this country. So if we think we can be a leader when it comes to what is going on around the world and we want to hold our Nation up, then we have to be a leader in this Chamber this week and get this bill done and get these extraneous issues behind us that people feel strongly about. But, as I said, somehow we have been able to handle these issues in the past on other bills, and I hope the girls we are talking about here are just as important as those other issues. 
When a prominent dissident was arrested 
in China— 
I go back to the book— 
we would write a front-page article; when 100,000 girls were routinely kidnapped and trafficked into brothels, we didn’t even con-sider it news. Partly that is because we jour-nalists tend to be good at covering events that happen on a particular day, but we slip at covering events that happen every day— such as the . . . cruelties inflicted on women and girls. We journalists weren’t the only ones who dropped the ball on this subject. [A tiny portion] of U.S. foreign aid is specifi-cally targeted to women and girls. 
They then go on to quote a Nobel 
Prize-winning economist who has de-veloped a way to look at gender in-equality that is a striking reminder of the stakes involved. 
‘‘More than 100 million are missing,’’ Sen 
wrote in a classic essay in 1990 in ‘‘The New York Review of Books,’’ spurring a new field of research. Sen noted that in normal cir-cumstances women live longer than men, and so there are more females than males in much of the world. Even poor regions like most of Latin America and much of Africa have more females than males. Yet in places where girls have a deeply unequal status, they vanish. China has 107 males for every 100 females in its overall population . . . India has 108, and Pakistan has 111. 
I remember at the McCain Institute, 
where Cindy McCain and H EIDI 
HEITKAMP and I spoke on a panel, that 
Senator M CCAINhad just returned from 
a trip abroad and had been in a country that was experiencing enormous up-heaval. He had asked: ‘‘Where are the girls?’’ And someone said to him: ‘‘Most of them have been sold.’’ They had been sold. So this is really hap-pening, and the people in this Chamber know it is happening. That is why, again, I get back to the fact that if we want to do something about it here, we need to resolve these issues, we need to do it without going into a blame game, and we need to get this done so we can pass this bill—and not have a dispute 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.017 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1603 March 18, 2015 
over abortion—that, in fact, helps the 
very girls we are supposed to help. Only then can we be a leader in the world. 
I will go back to the book: 
The worst of these abuses tend to occur in 
poor nations, but the United States and other western countries are not immune. In America, millions of women and girls face beatings or other violence from their hus-bands or boyfriends and more than one in six undergo rape or attempted rape at some point in her life, according to the National Violence Against Women survey. Then there is forced prostitution. Teenage runaways are beaten, threatened and branded (with tat-toos) by pimps in American cities, and thou-sands of foreign women are trafficked into the United States as well. Still, in poor countries gender discrimination is often le-thal in a way that is usually not in America. In India, for example, mothers are less likely to take their daughters to be vaccinated than their sons—that alone accounts for one fifth of India’s missing females—while stud-ies have found that, on average, girls are brought to the hospital only when they are sicker than boys taken to the hospital. All told, girls in India from 1 to 5 years of age are 50 percent more likely to die than boys the same age. The best estimate is that a lit-tle Indian girl dies from discrimination every four minutes. 
A big, bearded Afghan . . . once told us 
that his wife and son were sick. He wanted both to survive, he said, but his priorities were clear: A son is an indispensable treas-ure, while a wife is replaceable. He had pur-chased medication for the boy alone. ‘‘She is always sick,’’ he gruffly said of his wife, ‘‘so it’s not worth buying medicine for her.’’ 
Again, why is this relevant to the 
matter at hand? I think these young girls and women in our own country and across the world deserve to be treated seriously. They deserve not to be treated as a political football on ex-traneous issues this Chamber likes to debate. 
This bill needs to be treated just as 
seriously—and my safe harbor bill—as any other bill. Somehow, the people in charge of these institutions have been able to work out the differences. 
Modernization and technology can aggra-
vate the discrimination. Since the 1990s, the spread of ultrasound machines has allowed pregnant women to find out the sex of their fetuses—and then get abortions if they are female. 
Again, we are talking about China. 
‘‘We don’t have to have daughters 
anymore!’’ someone said in China. 
To prevent sex-selective abortion, China 
and India now bar doctors and ultrasound technicians from telling a pregnant woman 
the sex of her fetus. Yet that is a flawed so-lution. 
According to the book: 
Research shows that when parents are 
banned from selectively aborting female fetuses, more of their daughters die as in-fants. Mothers do not deliberately dispatch infant girls they are obligated to give birth to, but they are lackadaisical about caring for them. A development economist at Brown University . . . quantified the wrenching trade-off: On average, the deaths of fifteen infant girls can be avoided by al-lowing 100 female fetuses to [die]. 
This is what is going on around the 
world right now. 
The global statistics on the abuse of girls 
are numbing. It appears that more girls have been killed in the last fifty years, precisely 
because they were girls, than men were killed in all the battles of the twentieth cen-tury. More girls are killed in this routine ‘‘gendercide’’ in any one decade than people were slaughtered in all the genocides of the twentieth century. In the nineteenth cen-tury, the central moral challenge was slav-ery. In the twentieth century, it was the bat-tle against totalitarianism. We believe that in this century the paramount moral chal-lenge will be the struggle for gender equality around the world. 
That will be the struggle to help 
these girls. 
Maybe this is the battle we are hav-
ing right now. Maybe this institution has to come up to speed. We have 20 Senators who are women. Twenty per-cent of the Senate are women. That is pretty good. It is the best we have ever gotten. But when you look at the num-bers, the numbers aren’t frequent when you look back through history. Maybe that is what we are going to have to do to have people take these bills seri-ously and not play king of the hill with a bill as serious as this one. 
I will continue to read ‘‘Half the 
Sky’’ by Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn. 
The owners of the Thai brothel to which 
Rath was sold did not beat her and did not constantly guard her. So two months later, she was able to escape and make her way back to Cambodia. 
Upon her return, Rath met a social worker 
who put her in touch with an aid group that helps girls who have been trafficked start new lives. The group, American Assistance for Cambodia, used $400 in donated funds to buy a small cart and a starter selection of goods so that Rath could become a street peddler. She found a good spot in the open area between the Thai and Cambodian cus-toms offices. . . . Travelers crossing between Thailand and Cambodia walk along this strip, the size of a football field, and it is lined with peddlers selling drinks, snacks and souvenirs. 
Rath outfitted her cart with shirts and 
hats, costume jewelry, notebooks, pens and small toys. Now her good looks and outgoing personality began to work in her favor, turn-ing her into an effective saleswoman. She saved and invested in new merchandise, her business thrived, and she was able to support her parents and two younger sisters. She married and had a son, and she began saving for his education. 
In 2008, Rath turned her cart into a stall, 
and then also acquired the stall next door. She also started a ‘‘public phone’’ business by charging people to use her cell phone. So if you ever cross from Thailand into Cam-bodia at Poipet, look for a shop on your left, halfway down the strip, where a teenage girl will call out to you, smile, and try to sell you a souvenir cap. She’ll laugh and claim she’s giving you a special price, and she’s so bubbly and appealing she’ll probably make the sale. 
Rath’s eventual triumph— 
If you remember from the first part 
of the book that I read, she was sold into slavery when she simply thought she was going to work as a dishwasher; she was sold into sex and repeatedly raped— 
is a reminder that if girls get a chance, in 
the form of an education or a microloan, they can be more than baubles or slaves; many of them can run businesses. Talk to Rath today—after you’ve purchased that cap—and you’ll find that she exudes con-
fidence as she earns a solid income that will provide a better future for her sisters and for her young son. 
Many of the stories in this book are 
wrenching, but keep in mind this central truth: Women aren’t the problem but the so-lution. The plight of girls is no more a trag-edy than an opportunity. 
I will repeat that: 
Women aren’t the problem but the solu-
tion. The plight of girls is no more a tragedy than an opportunity. 
That was a lesson we absorbed in Sheryl’s 
ancestral village, at the end of a dirt road amid the rice paddies of southern China. For many years we have regularly trod the mud paths of the Taishan region to . . . the ham-let in which Sheryl’s paternal grandfather grew up. China traditionally has been one of the most oppressive and smothering places for girls, and we could see hints of this in Sheryl’s own family history. Indeed, on our first visit, we accidentally uncovered a fam-ily secret: a long-lost stepgrandmother. Sheryl’s grandfather had traveled to Amer-ica with his first wife, but she had given birth only to daughters. So Sheryl’s grand-father gave up on her and returned her to Shunshui, where he married a younger woman as a second wife and took her to America. This was Sheryl’s grandmother, who duly gave birth to a son—Sheryl’s dad. 
The previous wife and daughters were then wiped out of the family memory. 
Something bothered us each time we ex-
plored [the town] and the surrounding vil-lages: Where were the young women? 
This is, by the way, what Senator 
MCCAINsaid when he returned from a 
country that was repressed. 
Young men were toiling industriously in 
the paddies or fanning themselves in the shade, but young women and girls were scarce. We finally discovered them and we stopped in the factories that were then spreading throughout the [Guangdong] Prov-ince, the epicenter of China’s economic erup-tion. These factories produced the shoes, toys, and shirts that filled America’s shop-ping malls, generating economic growth rates almost unprecedented in the history of the world—and creating the most effective antipoverty program ever recorded. The fac-tories turned out to be cacophonous hives of distaff bees. 
Eighty percent of the employees on the as-
sembly lines in coastal China are female, and the proportion across the manufacturing belt of East Asia is at least 70 percent. The eco-nomic explosion in Asia was, in large part, an outgrowth of the economic empowerment of women. ‘‘They have small fingers, so they’re better at stitching,’’ the manager of a purse factory explained to us. ‘‘They’re obedient and work harder than men,’’ said the head of a toy factory. ‘‘And we can pay them less.’’ Women are indeed the linchpin of the region’s development strategy. 
Economists who scrutinized East Asia’s 
success noted a common pattern. These countries took young women who previously had contributed negligibly to the gross na-tional product and injected them into the formal economy, hugely increasing the labor force. The basic formula was to ease repres-sion, educate girls as well as boys, give the girls the freedom to move to the cities and take factory jobs, and then benefit from a demographic dividend as they delayed mar-riage and reduced childbearing. The women meanwhile financed the education of young-er relatives, and saved enough of their pay to boost national savings rates. This pattern has been ‘‘the girl effect.’’ In a nod to the fe-male chromosomes, it could also be called ‘‘the double X solution.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.018 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1604 March 18, 2015 
Evidence has mounted that helping women 
can be a successful poverty-fighting strategy anywhere in the world, not just in the boom-ing economies of East Asia. The Self Em-ployed Women’s Association was founded in India in 1972 and ever since has supported the poorest women in starting businesses—rais-ing living standards in ways that have daz-zled scholars and foundations. In Ban-gladesh, Muhammad Yunus developed micro-finance at the Grameen Bank and targeted women borrowers—eventually winning a Nobel Peace Prize for the economic and so-cial impact of his work. 
I would note here—just a little side-
note, as I am reading through Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn’s book, to make everyone in this Chamber re-member why we are here. We are here to help girls, not just in the United States, but in the world. We are here to hold up ‘‘Half the Sky.’’ We are here to show that this Chamber, at its best, can actually help the people we are supposed to help, the most vulnerable in our society, instead of debating ex-traneous issues that we are unable to resolve on this bill but that we seem able to resolve on other bills that just must be more important than the girls and the women of this world. That is all I can figure out. 
But I would like to note, as I read 
about one of their suggestions for things that help girls and women around the world, this idea of micro-credit. My dad, who is kind of an ad-venturer and goes around the world, actually wrote a book on microcredit called ‘‘The Miracles of Barefoot Cap-italism’’—in case he is watching on C- Span, I thought he would like that note—with his wife Susan Wilkes. They are big believers in helping women around the world with microcredit. 
So then they go on in the book to 
talk about helping people through microcredit. 
In the early 1990s, the United Nations and 
the World Bank began to appreciate the po-tential resource that women and girls rep-resent. Investment in girls’ education may well be the highest return investment avail-able in the developing world. 
I think it is something that we need 
to remember in the United States as we look at the low numbers of girls that go into science and technology and head up companies, because for some reason they do not have the con-fidence to go into those fields or they are not encouraged to go into those fields. If we in the Senate cannot even say they should not be trafficked and we cannot do anything to help them, I do not think we are helping that cause very much. 
Larry Summers wrote, when he was 
the chief economist of the World Bank: ‘‘The question is not whether countries can afford this investment, but wheth-er countries can afford not to educate more girls.’’ 
In 2001, the World Bank produced an influ-
ential study, Engendering Development Through Gender Equality in Rights, Re-sources, and Voice, arguing that promoting gender equality is crucial to combat global poverty. UNICEF issued a major report argu-ing that gender equality yields a ‘‘double dividend’’ by elevating not only women but 
also their children and communities. The United Nation Development Programme (UNDP) summed up the mounting research this way: ‘‘Women’s empowerment helps raise economic productivity and reduce in-fant mortality. It contributes to improved health and nutrition. It increases the chances of education for the next genera-tion.’’ 
More and more, the most influential schol-
ars of development and public health—in-cluding Sen and Summers, Joseph Stiglitz, Jeffrey Sachs, and Dr. Paul Farmer—are calling for much greater attention to women and development. 
Private aid groups and foundations have 
shifted gears as well. ‘‘Women are the key to ending hunger in Africa,’’ declared the Hun-ger Project. French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner, who founded Doctors Without Borders, bluntly declared of development: ‘‘Progress is achieved through women.’’ The Center for Global Development issued a major report explaining ‘‘why and how to put girls at the center of development.’’ CARE is taking women and girls as the cen-terpiece of its antipoverty efforts. The Nike Foundation and the NoVo Foundation are both focusing on building opportunities for girls in the developing world. ‘‘Gender in-equality hurts economic growth,’’ Goldman Sachs concluded in a 2008 research report that emphasized how much developing coun-tries could improve their economic perform-ance by educating girls. Partly as a result of that research, Goldman Sachs committed $100 million to a ‘‘10,000Women’’ campaign meant to give that many women a business education. 
I think this is actually a really good 
book. I just plan to keep reading it whenever I can over the next few days until we get a resolution to this prob-lem. 
I am going to take a look at how 
many pages it is. Well, if you include the notes, it is 296 pages. I will obvi-ously take breaks when our colleagues come down here. But I do think it is really important that we keep the pres-sure on, that the women and girls of this country demand that this get re-solved, because as I said, we have some-how been able to resolve it on other bills. I think this bill and the bill that I have, the safe harbor bill, are just as important. I think our colleagues, in my discussions with them, know sev-eral ways we could resolve this prob-lem, including just eliminating this ex-traneous provision. But there might be other ways as well. We know what they are. I hope they keep working on them. 
Concerns about terrorism after the 9/11 at-
tacks triggered interest in these issues as an unlikely constituency: the military and counterterrorism agencies. Some security experts noted that the countries that nur-ture terrorists are disproportionately those where woman are marginalized. The reason that there are so many Muslim terrorists, they argued, has little to do with the Koran but a great deal to do with the lack of robust female participation in the economy and so-ciety of many Islamic countries. As the Pen-tagon gained a deeper understanding of coun-terterrorism . . . it became increasingly in-terested in grassroots projects such as girls’ education. Empowering girls, some in the military argued, would disempower terror-ists. When the Joint Chiefs of Staff hold dis-cussions of girls’ education in Pakistan and Afghanistan . . . you know that gender is a serious topic on the international affairs 
agenda. That’s evident also in the Council on Foreign Relations. The wood-paneled halls that have been used for discussions of MIRV warheads . . . are now employed as well to host well-attended sessions on maternal mortality. 
This is now Nicholas Kristof and 
Sheryl WuDunn speaking in their book, which has been a national best seller, ‘‘Half the Sky.’’ It is about sex traf-ficking and how important it is to take this issue on—not just in our own coun-try but the world. 
We will try to lay out an agenda for the 
world’s women focusing on three particular abuses: sex trafficking and forced prostitu-tion; gender-based violence, including honor killings and mass rape; and maternal mor-tality, which still needlessly claims one woman a minute. We will lay out solutions such as girls’ education and microfinance, which are working right now. 
While the most urgent needs are in the de-
veloping world, wealthy countries also need to clear up their own neighborhoods. If we are to lead the way we must show greater resolution in cracking down on domestic vio-lence and sex trafficking in our own neigh-borhoods, rather than just sputter about abuses far away. 
It is true that there are many injustices in 
the world, many worthy causes competing for attention and support, and we all have di-vided allegiances. 
This sounds kind of like us, right? 
There are a lot of different topics and things that we have to take on, and there are many worthy causes that are calling for our attention and support. We all have divided allegiances. I think that is kind of what is going on in this Chamber. But why do we need to focus on this? Well, I will go back to the book. 
We focus on this topic because, to us, this 
kind of oppression feels transcendent—and so does the opportunity. We have seen that out-siders can truly make a significant dif-ference. 
Consider Rath once more. 
Now, remember, this was the girl 
that was sold into sex trafficking in Malaysia. 
We had been so shaken by her story that 
we wanted to locate that brothel in Malay-sia, interview its owners, and try to free the girls still imprisoned there. Unfortunately, we could not determine the brothel’s name or address. (Rath didn’t know English or even the Roman alphabet, so she hadn’t been able to read signs when she was there.) When we asked her if she would be willing to re-turn to Kuala Lumpur and help us find the brothel, she turned ashen. ‘‘I don’t know,’’ she said. ‘‘I don’t want to face that again.’’ She wavered, talked it over with her family, and ultimately agreed to go back in the hope of rescuing her girlfriends. 
Rath voyaged back to Kuala Lumpur with 
the protection of an interpreter and a local antitrafficking activist. Nonetheless, she trembled in the red light district upon seeing the cheerful neon signs that she associated with so much pain. But since her escape, Ma-laysia has been embarrassed by public criti-cism about trafficking, so the police had cracked down on the worst brothels that im-prisoned girls against their will. One of those was Rath’s. A modest amount of inter-national scolding had led a government to take action, resulting in an observable im-provement in the lives of girls at the bottom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.019 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1605 March 18, 2015 
of the power pyramid. The outcome under-
scores that this is a hopeful cause, not a bleak one. 
Honor killings, sexual slavery, and genital 
cutting may seem to Western readers to be tragic but inevitable in a world far, far away. In much the same way, slavery was once widely viewed by many decent Europeans and Americans as a regrettable but ineluc-table feature of human life. It was just one more horror that has existed for thousands of years. But then in the 1780s a few indig-nant Britons, led by William Wilberforce, de-cided that slavery was so offensive that they 
had to abolish it. And they did. Today, we see the seed of something similar, a global movement to emancipate women and girls. 
By the way, later in the book—since 
I have read it already, but now I will be able to read it again—they talk about how, in fact, it was the evidence of that brutality of the slavery, of the stench of the people who were slaves who were in the bottom of that ship that really drove action. Yes, the activists and William Wilberforce understandably get a lot of the attention and well-de-served credit for what happened, but it was the evidence that led to Britain, the people and their society, long be-fore many other countries had even thought about abolishing slavery—it was the evidence of the brutality that led them to make a change. 
That is one of the things that we 
need to talk about and why I am talk-ing about this here today. We have to get back on what really matters here, such as the story of the 12-year-old girl in Rochester, MN—a 12-year-old girl who just got a text message and went to a McDonald’s parking lot and was shoved into a car and then brought to the Twin Cities and then raped. Then her pictures were taken—sexually ex-plicit pictures—and put on Craigslist. Then she was sold the next day and raped by two men. 
That is what this is really about. It is 
not about these extraneous fights and what has been going on, dragging this Chamber down, and even stopping us from confirming a well-qualified person for the Attorney General of the United States. That is what they are talking about here. It is the evidence that the American people see. They start de-manding change. I hope that is hap-pening today. 
So let’s be clear about this up front. We 
hope to recruit you to join— 
These are the authors. 
—an incipient movement to emancipate women and fight global poverty by unlocking women’s power as economic cata-lysts. That is the process underway—not a drama of victimization but of empowerment, the kind that transforms bubbly teenage girls from brothel slaves into successful businesswomen. 
This is a story of transformation. It has 
change that is already taking place, and change that can accelerate if you will just open your heart and join in. 
I think we need some opening of 
hearts here in the Chamber. I am going to take one break to talk to our staff, and then I will be back. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
am reading the book ‘‘Half the Sky,’’ by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn. I think it is a beautiful book. It is on sex trafficking around the world and what has been happening around the world. A part of this is that I think we need to make the point that we can lead in our country when it comes to sex trafficking. 
We have Senator C
ORNYN ’s bill, and 
we know there is an issue with one of the provisions that needs to be re-solved—and I don’t think it is a provi-sion that is related to this topic—but we are hopeful people of good will can come together and resolve this issue. The easiest way would be to take it out. We can have other discussions. Somehow, through history, the Senate has been able to come together and take care of this issue with the Hyde amendment and other bills. 
I think the point I am trying to 
make today is this bill is just as impor-tant as those bills and that these girls who are victims of sex trafficking are just as important as anyone else in this country. 
I am going to continue reading this 
book. I am hopeful—as I mentioned, it is very long, and I will obviously pause for my colleagues who come to the floor, but I am going to continue read-ing it until we get this resolved. 
We are now on chapter 1, ‘‘Emanci-
pating Twenty-First-Century Slaves.’’ The quote on this is actually from Christopher Buckley, one of my favor-ite authors, from ‘‘Florence of Arabia,’’ from the beginning of the chapter: ‘‘Women might just have something to contribute to civilization other than their vaginas.’’ 
That might not have been said on 
this floor that many times, but he is a humorous writer. Now, let’s go on with the book: 
The red-light district in the town of 
Forbesgunge does not actually have any red lights. Indeed, there is no electricity. The brothels are simply mud-walled family com-pounds along a dirt path, with thatch-roof shacks set aside for customers. 
Children play and scurry along the dirt 
paths, and a one-room shop on the corner sells cooking oil, rice, and bits of candy. Here, in the impoverished northern Indian state of Bihar near the Nepalese border, there’s not much else available commer-cially—except sex. 
As Meena Hasina walks down the path, the 
children pause and stare at her. The adults stop as well, some glowering and the tension rises. Meena is a lovely, dark-skinned Indian woman in her thirties with warm, crinkly eyes and a stud in her left nostril. She wears a sari and ties her black hair back, and she seems utterly relaxed as she strolls among people who despise her. 
Meena is an Indian Muslim who for years 
was prostituted in a brothel run by the Nutt, a low-caste tribe that controls the local sex 
trade. The Nutt have traditionally engaged in prostitution and petty crime, and theirs is the world of intergenerational prostitution, in which mothers sell sex and raise their daughters to do the same. 
Meena strolls through the brothels to a 
larger hut that functions as a part-time school, sits down, and makes herself com-fortable. Behind her, the villagers gradually resume their activities. 
‘‘I was eight or nine years old when I was 
kidnapped and trafficked,’’ Meena begins. She is from a poor family on the Nepal bor-der and was sold to a Nutt clan, then taken to a rural house where the brothel owner kept prepubescent girls until they were ma-ture enough to attract customers. When she was twelve—she remembers that it was five months before her first period—she was taken to the brothel. 
‘‘They brought in the first client, and 
they’d taken lots of money from him,’’ Meena recounted, speaking clinically and without emotion. The induction was similar to that endured by Rath in Malaysia, for sex trafficking operates on the same business model worldwide, and the same methods are used to break girls everywhere. ‘‘I started fighting and crying out, so that he couldn’t succeed,’’ Meena said. ‘‘I resisted so much that they had to return the money to him. And they beat me mercilessly, with a belt, with sticks, with iron rods. The beating was tremendous.’’ She shook her head to clear the memory. ‘‘But even then I resisted. They showed me swords and said they would kill me if I didn’t agree. Four or five times, they brought customers in, and I still resisted, and they kept beating me. Finally they drugged me: They gave me wine in my drink and got me completely drunk.’’ Then one of the brothel owners raped her. She awoke, hungover and hurting, and realized what had happened. ‘‘Now I am wasted,’’ she thought, and so she gave in and stopped fighting cus-tomers. 
In Meena’s brothel, the tyrant was a fam-
ily matriarch, Ainul Bibi. Sometimes Ainul would beat the girls herself, and sometimes she would delegate the task to her daughter- in-law or her sons, who were brutal in in-flicting punishment. 
‘‘I wasn’t even allowed to cry,’’ Meena re-
members. ‘‘If even one tear fell, they would beat me. I used to think that it was better to die than to live like this. Once I jumped from the balcony, but nothing happened. I didn’t even break a leg.’’ 
Meena and the others girls were never al-
lowed out of the brothel and were never paid. They typically had ten or more customers a day, seven days a week. If a girl fell asleep or complained about a stomachache, the issue was resolved with a beating. And when a girl showed any hint of resistance, all the girls would be summoned to watch as the recal-citrant one was tied up and savagely beaten. 
‘‘They turned the stereo up loud to cover 
the screams,’’ Meena said dryly. 
India almost certainly has more modern 
slaves, in conditions like these, than any other country. There are 2 to 3 million pros-titutes in India, and although many of them now sell sex to some degree willingly, and are paid, a significant share of them entered the sex industry unwillingly. One 2008 study of Indian brothels found that of Indian and Nepali prostitutes who started as teenagers, about half said they had been coerced into the brothels; women who began working in their twenties were more likely to have made the choice themselves, often to feed their children. Those who start out enslaved often accept their fate eventually and sell sex willingly, because they know nothing else and are too stigmatized to hold other jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.021 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1606 March 18, 2015 
China has more prostitutes than India— 
some estimates are as high as 10 million or more—but fewer of them are forced into brothels against their will. Indeed, China has few brothels as such. Many of the prostitutes are freelancers working as ding-dong xiaojie (so called because they ring hotel rooms looking for business), and even those work-ing in massage parlors and saunas are typi-cally there on commission and can leave if they want to. 
Paradoxically, it is the countries with the 
most straightlaced and sexually conserv-ative societies, such as India, Pakistan, and Iran, that have disproportionately large numbers of forced prostitutes. Since young men in those societies rarely sleep with their girlfriends, it has become acceptable for them to relieve their sexual frustrations with prostitutes. 
The implicit social contract is that upper- 
class girls will keep their virtue, while young men will find satisfaction in the brothels. And the brothels will be staffed with slave girls trafficked from Nepal or Bangladesh or poor Indian villages. As long as the girls are uneducated, low-caste peas-ants like Meena, society will look the other way—just as many antebellum Americans turned away from the horrors of slavery be-cause the people being lashed looked dif-ferent from them. 
In Meena’s brothel, no one used condoms. 
Meena is healthy for now, but she has never had an AIDS test. (While HIV prevalence is low in India, prostitutes are at particular risk because of their large number of cus-tomers.) Because Meena didn’t use condoms, she became pregnant, and this filled her with despair. 
‘‘I used to think that I never wanted to be 
a mother, because my life had been wasted, and I didn’t want to waste another life,’’ Meena said. But Ainul’s brothel, like many in India, welcomed the pregnancy as a chance to breed a new generation of victims. Girls are raised to be prostitutes, and boys become servants to do the laundry and cook-ing. 
In the brothel, without medical help, 
Meena gave birth to a baby girl, whom she named Naina. But soon afterward, Ainul took the baby away from Meena, partly to stop her from breast-feeding—customers dis-like prostitutes who are lactating—and part-ly to keep the baby as a hostage to ensure that Meena would not try to flee. 
‘‘We will not let Naina stay with you,’’ 
Ainul told her. ‘‘You are a prostitute, and you have no honor. So you might run away.’’ Later a son, Vivek, followed, and the owners also took him away. So both of Meena’s chil-dren were raised by others in the brothel, mostly in sections of the compound where she was not allowed to go. 
‘‘They held my children captive, so they 
thought I would never try to escape,’’ she said. To some degree, this strategy worked. Meena once helped thirteen of the girls es-cape, but didn’t flee herself because she couldn’t bear to leave her children. The pen-alty for staying behind was a brutal beating for complicity in the escape. 
Ainul had herself been a prostitute when 
she was young, so she was unsympathetic to the younger girls. ‘‘If my own daughters can be prostituted, then you can be, too,’’ Ainul would tell the girls. And it was true that she had prostituted her own two daughters. (‘‘They had to be beaten up to agree to it,’’ Meena explained. ‘‘No one wants to go into this.’’) 
That is a good place to stop and talk 
a little about what we are doing on the floor. No one wants to go into this. That is what these bills are about. These bills are about having a victims fund. These bills are about creating a 
safe harbor so we don’t treat these young victims as criminals, like we have in Minnesota with the safe harbor law. And it is about trying to get some-thing done. 
We know an extraneous provision is 
on this bill and that we need to resolve this one way or another. As I have noted, we have been able to resolve this in the past, and I welcome my col-leagues to come and speak about this issue. I hope this blame game is behind us, and that we won’t be making accu-sations but instead we will actually work on getting this bill done. Because lost in all of this is the fact this isn’t just some game people can play. These are actual young girls. 
As I said, why is this international 
prostitution relevant to what we are talking about? It is relevant because our country can actually become a leader in this area. We can be a leader. We can actually do something in Amer-ica to show we are taking this on. Our bill, the safe harbor bill I am leading, which we hope will be the first amend-ment to this bill, sets up a national sex trafficking strategy. We don’t have one right now. 
As a former prosecutor, I know when 
we work between Federal and State and local authorities, and we take on these cases and do it in a smart way, we actually are able to get things done. We did it with the Violence Against Women Act, when everyone thought that was just a situation where you can beat your wife and no one is going to notice. It happened behind closed doors. But we took it on as a country and we changed things and changed things for women in this country. Now we can do this with prostitution. 
We can no longer see this as a 
victimless crime. There is a victim. The victim is 12 years old. She is some-one in your State right now. So that is why these bills are so serious and why we need to continue to get them done. I am going to keep talking about this issue because I think at some point we have to realize why we are here and what we are talking about, instead of using it as a political football. 
So the story goes on: 
Meena estimates that in the dozen years 
she was in the brothel, she was beaten on av-erage five days a week. Most girls were quickly broken and cowed, but Meena never quite gave in. Her distinguishing char-acteristic is obstinacy. She can be dogged and mulish, and that is one reason the vil-lagers find her so unpleasant. She breaches the pattern of femininity in rural India by talking back—and fighting back. 
The police seemed unlikely saviors to girls 
in the brothels because police officers regu-larly visited the brothels and were serviced free. But Meena was so desperate that she once slipped out and went to the police sta-tion to demand help. 
‘‘I was forced into prostitution by a broth-
el in town,’’ Meena told the astonished offi-cer at the police station. ‘‘The pimps beat me up, and they’re holding my children hos-tage.’’ Other policemen came out to see this unusual sight, and they mocked her and told her to go back. ‘‘You have great audacity to come here!’’ 
one policeman scolded her. In the end, the police sent her back after extracting a prom-ise from the brothel not to beat her. The brothel owners did not immediately punish her. But a friendly neighbor warned Meena that the brothel owners had decided to mur-der her. That doesn’t happen often in red- light districts, any more than farmers kill producing assets such as good milk cows, but from time to time a prostitute becomes so nettlesome that the owners kill her as a warning to the other girls. 
Fearing for her life, Meena abandoned her 
children and fled the brothel. She traveled several hours by train to Forbesgunge. Someone there told one of Ainul’s sons, Manooj, of her whereabouts, and he soon ar-rived to beat up Meena. Manooj didn’t want her causing trouble in his brothel again, so he told her that she could live on her own in Forbesgunge and prostitute herself, but she would have to give him the money. Not knowing how she could survive otherwise, Meena agreed. 
Whenever Manooj returned to Forbesgunge 
to collect money, he was dissatisfied with the amount Meena gave him and beat her. Once Manooj threw Meena to the ground and was beating her furiously with a belt when a respectful local man intervened. 
‘‘You’re already pimping her, you’re al-
ready taking her lifeblood,’’ remonstrated her saviour, a pharmacist named Kuduz. ‘‘Why beat her to death as well?’’ 
It wasn’t the same as leaping on Manooj to 
pull him off, but for a woman like Meena, who was scorned by society, it was startling to have anyone speak up for her. 
To have anyone speak up for her. 
That is what I hope we are going to be doing in this Chamber in the next few days, that we are going to speak up for these victims and show that we want to actually get something done and that they have value outside of being a po-litical football. 
Manooj backed off, and Kuduz helped her 
up. Meena and Kuduz lived near each other in Forbesgunge, and the incident created a bond between them. Soon Kuduz and Meena were chatting regularly, and then he offered to marry her. Thrilled, she accepted. 
Manooj was furious when he heard about 
the marriage, and he offered Kuduz 100,000 rupees ($2,500) to give Meena up—a sum that perhaps reflected his concern that she might use her new respectability as a married woman to cause trouble for the brothel. Kuduz wasn’t interested in a deal. 
‘‘Even if you offered me two hundred fifty 
thousand rupees, I will not give her up,’’ Kuduz said. ‘‘Love has no price.’’ 
After they were married, Meena bore two 
daughters with Kuduz, and she went back to her native village to look for her parents. Her mother had died—neighbors said she had cried constantly after Meena disappeared, then had gone mad—but her father was stunned and thrilled to see his daughter res-urrected. 
Life was clearly better, but Meena couldn’t 
forget her first two children left behind in the brothel. So she began making journeys back—five hours by bus—to Ainul Bibi’s brothel. There she would stand outside and plead for Naina and Vivek. 
‘‘As many times as I could, I would go back 
to fight for my children,’’ she remembered. ‘‘I knew they would not let me take my chil-dren. I knew they would beat me up. But I thought I had to keep trying.’’ 
It didn’t work. Ainul and Manooj didn’t let 
Meena in the brothel; they whipped her and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.023 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1607 March 18, 2015 
drove her away. The police wouldn’t listen to 
her. The brothel owners not only threatened to kill her, they also threatened to kidnap her two young daughters with Kuduz and sell them to a brothel. Once a couple of gangsters showed up at Meena’s house in Forbesgunge to steal the two little girls, but Kuduz grabbed a knife and warned: ‘‘If you even try to steal them, I’ll cut you into pieces.’’ 
Meena was terrified for her two younger 
girls, but she couldn’t forget Naina. She knew that Naina was approaching puberty and would soon be on the market. But what could she do? 
So these stories are pretty raw, and 
they are stories we usually don’t tell on the floor of the United States Sen-ate. But I think we need to, because maybe it is the only way people will re-member why we are here and what we are supposed to be doing right now, which is to get these bills done and then hopefully confirm an Attorney General of the United States, which is something else we need to do that seems completely unrelated to these sex trafficking stories of these girls, except for one reason, and that is that we would want to have an attorney general in place so they can enforce the law. 
Some of these cases are actually Fed-
eral, such as the one we had in Min-nesota involving the little girl from Rochester, or the case in Senator H
EITKAMP ’s State of North Dakota in-
volving the incident of a sex traf-ficking ring in the oil patch. This is going on right now in this country. So what could an Attorney General do? I would ask: What can we do? What we can do is to get this bill done. 
Again, I welcome my colleagues to 
come and talk about this issue, but I hope when they talk about it we will actually focus on the matter at hand— not blame anyone anymore, not talk about the things we disagree on but what we agree on. And then, hopefully, that will lead to the discussions I know are going on to resolve this bill because we can get this resolved. 
Continuing to read, this is the writ-
ers talking now: 
Interviewing women like Meena over the 
years has led us to change our own views on sex trafficking. Growing up in the United States and then living in China and Japan, we thought of prostitution as something women may turn to opportunistically or out of economic desperation. In Hong Kong, we knew an Australian prostitute who slipped Sheryl into the locker room of her ‘‘men’s club’’ to meet the local girls, who were there because they saw a chance to enrich them-selves. We certainly didn’t think of pros-titutes as slaves, forced to do what they do, for most prostitutes in America, China, and Japan aren’t truly enslaved. 
Yet it’s hyperbole to say that millions of 
women and girls are actually enslaved today. (The biggest difference from nineteenth-cen-tury slavery is that many die of AIDS by their late twenties.) The term that is usually used for this phenomenon, ‘‘sex trafficking,’’ is a misnomer. The problem isn’t sex, nor is it prostitution as such. In many countries— China, Brazil, and most of sub-Saharan Afri-ca—prostitution is widespread but mostly voluntary (in the sense it is driven by eco-nomic pressure rather than physical compul-sion). In those places, brothels do not lock up women, and many women work on their 
own without pimps or brothels. Nor is the problem exactly ‘‘trafficking’’ since forced prostitution doesn’t always depend on a girl’s being transported over a great distance by a middleman. 
The story I told, by the way, of the 
girl in Rochester, she just went about an hour-and-a-half drive. So this idea the trafficking is just about going from one nation to another or being in the hold of a boat or something like that is not necessarily always the case. So we use the words sex trafficking because people have to understand this is more than just one pimp and one prostitute, that these are usually rings and these girls are usually brought someplace where they do not want to be. But it doesn’t necessarily mean they are brought long distances. 
So when we talk about the bills on 
the floor, let’s remember that, and I think this is a good reminder from this book. 
And, by the way, if I ever mis-
pronounce names or words, my apology to the authors Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn. I have to say it is kind of small print, and I am trying my best. I know the Presiding Officer has a good command of English and will help me out or correct me if I make a mis-take. 
The horror of sex trafficking can more 
properly be labeled slavery. 
The total number of modern slaves is dif-
ficult to estimate. The International Labour Organization, a UN agency, estimates that at any one time there are 12.3 million people engaged in forced labor of all kinds, not just sexual servitude. A UN report estimated that 1 million children in Asia alone are held in conditions indistinguishable from slavery. The Lancet, a prominent medical journal in Britain, calculated that ‘‘1 million children are forced into prostitution every year and the total number of prostituted children could be as high as 10 million.’’ 
Antitrafficking campaigners tend to use 
higher numbers, such as 27 million modern slaves. That figure originated in research by Kevin Bales, who runs a fine organization called Free the Slaves. Numbers are difficult to calculate in part because sex workers can’t be divided neatly into categories of those working voluntarily and those working involuntarily. Some commentators look at prostitutes and see only sex slaves; others see only entrepreneurs. But in reality there are some in each category and many other women who inhabit a gray zone between freedom and slavery. 
I will note this number—I have al-
ways tried to get the right number of how many victims we are talking about—but as I noted at the beginning of my remarks this morning, the 27 million modern slaves includes victims of not just sex trafficking but also labor trafficking. 
Back to the book. 
An essential part of the brothel business 
model is to break the spirit of girls through humiliation, rape, threats and violence. We met a 15-year-old Thai girl whose initiation consisted of being forced to eat dog drop-pings so as to shatter her self-esteem. Once a girl is broken and terrified, all hope of es-cape squeezed out of her, force may no longer be necessary to control her. She may smile and laugh at passersby, and try to grab them and tug them into the brothel. Many a for-
eigner would assume that she is there volun-tarily, but in that situation complying with the will of the brothel owner does not signify consent. 
Our own estimate is that there are 3 mil-
lion women and girls (and a very small num-ber of boys) worldwide who can be fairly termed enslaved in the sex trade. That is a conservative estimate that does not include many others who are manipulated and in-timidated into prostitution. Nor does it in-clude millions more who are under eighteen and cannot meaningfully consent to work in brothels. We are talking about 3 million peo-ple who in effect are the property of another person and in many cases could be killed by their owner with impunity. 
Technically, trafficking is often defined as 
taking someone (by force or deception) across an international border. The U.S. State Department has estimated that be-tween 600,000 and 800,000 people are trafficked across international borders each year, 80 percent of them women and girls, mostly for sexual exploitation. Since Meena didn’t cross a border, she wasn’t trafficked in the tradi-tional sense. That’s also true of most people who are enslaved in brothels. As the U.S. State Department notes, its estimate doesn’t include ‘‘millions of victims around the world who are trafficked within their own national borders.’’ 
The bills that we have—the one be-
fore us and my bill, the safe harbor bill, which we would like to see as the first amendment, which passed the Ju-diciary Committee with 20 votes on a bipartisan basis—these bills are fo-cused on sex trafficking within our own borders, although some of the victims will be brought in from other coun-tries. This book, ‘‘Half the Sky,’’ is so good because it really is about what is going on all around the world and all these victims around the world. Every country has their own problems. De-spite all of the political machinations and extraneous provisions and other things, what we are trying to get done today is to do something real to help the victims of sex trafficking through the fund Senator C
ORNYN has in his bill 
and then in my safe harbor bill, which is also a strong bipartisan bill, to make it clear there is a good model we can use across the country that has been used in 15 States and others, and one dozen more are working on them, where Minnesota has been one of the States leading the way to view these girls as victims and not as criminals, when the average age is 12 years old, not even old enough to go to a high school prom, not even old enough to drive the car. 
Again, I welcome my colleagues to 
come down and talk about this issue. I am just going to keep filling in reading this book when no one is on the floor. I only hope that when we talk about this bill and this issue, we do it with some respect for the victims of these crimes and the respect they deserve. 
Technically, trafficking is often defined as 
taking someone (by force or deception) across an international border. The U.S. State Department has estimated that be-tween 600,000 and 800,000 people are trafficked across international borders each year, 80 percent of them women and girls, mostly for sexual exploitation. Since Meena didn’t cross 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.025 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1608 March 18, 2015 
a border, she wasn’t trafficked in the tradi-
tional sense. That’s also true of most people who are enslaved in brothels. As the U.S. State Department notes, its estimate doesn’t include ‘‘millions of victims around the 
world who are trafficked within their own national borders.’’ 
Again, as I have noted, 83 percent of 
the victims in the United States are from the United States, and I don’t think that is what we think of when we first think about sex trafficking, but those are facts. 
In contrast, in the peak decade of the 
transatlantic slave trade, the 1780s, an aver-age of just under eighty thousand slaves were shipped annually across the Atlantic from Africa to the New World. The average then dropped to a bit more than fifty thou-sand between 1811 and 1850. In other words, far more women and girls are shipped into brothels each year in the early twenty-first century than African slaves were shipped into slave plantations each year in the eight-eenth or nineteenth centuries—although the overall population was of course far smaller then. As the journal Foreign Affairs ob-served: ‘‘Whatever the exact number is, it seems almost certain that the modern global slave trade is larger in absolute terms than the Atlantic slave trade in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries was.’’ 
As on slave plantations two centuries ago, 
there are few practical restraints on slave owners. In 1791, North Carolina decreed that killing a slave amounted to ‘‘murder,’’ and Georgia later established that killing or maiming a slave was legally the same as killing or maiming a white person. But those doctrines existed more on paper than on plantations, just as Pakistani laws exist in the statute books but don’t impede brothel owners who choose to eliminate troublesome girls. 
While there has been progress in address-
ing many humanitarian issues in the last few decades, sex slavery has actually worsened. One reason for that is the collapse of Com-munism in Eastern Europe and Indochina. In Romania and other countries, the immediate result was economic distress, and every-where criminal gangs arose and filled the power vacuum. Capitalism created new mar-kets for rice and potatoes, but also for fe-male flesh. 
A second reason for the growth of traf-
ficking is globalization. A generation ago, people stayed at home; now it is easier and cheaper to set out for the city or a distant country. A Nigerian girl whose mother never left her tribal area may now find herself in a brothel in Italy. In rural Moldolva, it is pos-sible to drive from village to village and not find a female between the ages of sixteen and thirty. 
I believe this is one of the countries 
that Senator M CCAINvisited, when I 
talked to him after he came back last Easter, where he simply didn’t see the girls. He asked: Where are the girls? And they said: Well, the girls—many of them have been sold into sex. So these are things that are happening right now in this world and in our own coun-try. 
A third reason for the worsening situation 
is AIDS. Being sold to a brothel was always a hideous fate, but not usually a death sen-tence. Now it often is. And because of the fear of AIDS, customers prefer younger girls whom they believe are less likely to be in-fected. In both Asia and Africa, there is also a legend that AIDS can be cured by sex with a virgin, and that has nurtured demand for young girls kidnapped from their villages. These factors explain our emphasis on sex 
slaves as opposed to other kinds of forced labor. Anybody who has spent time in Indian brothels and also, say, at Indian brick kilns knows that it is better to be enslaved work-ing a kiln. Kiln workers most likely live to-gether with their families, and their work does not expose them to the risk of AIDS, so there’s always hope of escape down the road. 
Inside the brothel, Naina and Vivek were 
beaten, starved, and abused. They were also confused about their parentage. Naina grew up calling Ainul [the brothel’s owner] Grand-ma, and Ainul’s son Vinod, Father. Naina sometimes was told that Vinod’s wife, Pinky, was her mother; at other times she was told her mother had died and that Pinky was her stepmother. But when Naina asked to go to school, Vinod refused and described the relationship in blunter terms. 
‘‘You must obey me,’’ he told Naina, ‘‘be-
cause I am your owner.’’ 
The neighbors tried to advise the children. 
‘‘People used to say that they could not be my real parents, because they tortured me so much,’’ Naina recalled. Occasionally, the children heard or even saw Meena coming to the door and calling out to them. Once Meena saw Naina and told her, ‘‘I am your mother.’’ 
‘‘No,’’ Naina replied. ‘‘Pinky is my moth-
er.’’ 
Vivek remembers Meena’s visits as well. ‘‘I 
used to see her being beaten up and driven away,’’ he says. ‘‘They told me that my mother was dead, but the neighbors told me that she was my mother after all, and I saw her coming back to try to fight for me.’’ 
Naina and Vivek never went to a day of 
school, never saw a doctor, and were rarely allowed out. They were assigned chores such as sweeping floors and washing clothes, and they had only rags to wear—and no shoes, for that might encourage them to run away. Then, when Naina was twelve, she was pa-raded before an older man in a way that left her feeling uncomfortable. ‘‘When I asked ‘Mother’ about the man,’’ Naina recalled, ‘‘she beat me up and sent me to bed without dinner.’’ 
A couple of days later, ‘‘Mother’’ told 
Naina to bathe and took her to the market, where she bought her nice clothes and a nose ring. ‘‘When I asked her why she was buying me all these things, she started scolding me. She told me that I had to listen to every-thing the man says. She also told me, ‘Your father has taken money from the man for you.’ I started crying out loudly.’’ 
Pinky told Naina to wear the clothes, but 
the girl threw them away, crying inconsol-ably. Vivek was only eleven, a short boy with a meek manner. But he had inherited his mother’s incomprehension of surrender. So he pleaded with his ‘‘parents’’ and his ‘‘grandma’’ to let his sister go, or to find a husband for her. Each appeal brought him only another beating—administered with scorn. ‘‘You don’t earn any income,’’ ‘‘Fa-ther’’ told him mockingly, ‘‘so how do you think you can look after your sister?’’ 
Yet Vivek found the courage to confront 
his tormenters again and again, begging for his sister’s freedom. In a town where police officers, government officials, Hindu priests, and respectable middle-class citizens all averted their eyes from forced prostitution, the only audible voice of conscience belonged to an eleven-year-old boy who was battered each time he spoke up. His outspokenness gained him nothing, though. Vinod and Pinky locked him up, forced Naina into the new clothes, and the girl’s career as a pros-titute began. 
So I think that is a pretty good place 
to break for a minute as we talk about ‘‘the only audible voice of conscience belonged to an eleven-year-old boy.’’ I 
think we have an opportunity in the Senate to be an audible voice of con-science and to move on this bill. 
When I came to the floor today, my 
job was to just manage the bill for 4 hours; then I just decided, after being somewhat disgusted by all of the anger 
that I have heard in this Chamber, that maybe I would just start reading from this book. I had no plan to do it. I hap-pened to have it with me because I have used it when I have given speech-es. This isn’t an official filibuster, as I guess we have been asked. I am just going to keep reading from the book. When my colleagues want to come down, I welcome them. But I only ask them one thing—if maybe they could just focus on the issue at hand and stop all of this vengeance and anger, and then maybe we will have an oppor-tunity, if we stop throwing darts, to get this done—and then also to confirm the next Attorney General of the United States, which is completely un-related to this. 
So let me continue on with this 
story, as we have an 11-year-old boy in the story whose voice was the only voice of conscience. 
‘‘My ‘mother’ was telling me not to get 
scared, as he is a nice man,’’ Naina remem-bered. ‘‘Then they locked me inside the room with the man. The man told me to lock the room from the inside. I slapped him. . . . Then that man forced me. He raped me.’’ 
Once a customer gave Naina a tip, and she 
secretly passed on the money to Vivek. They thought that perhaps Vivek could use a phone, a technology that they had no experi-ence with, to track down the mysterious woman who claimed to be their real mother and seek help from her. But when Vivek tried to use the telephone, the brothel own-ers found out and both children were flogged. 
Ainul thought that Vivek could be dis-
tracted with girls, and so he was told to try to have sex with the prostitutes. He was overwhelmed and intimidated at the thought, and when he balked, Pinky beat him up. Seething and fearful of what would become of his sister, Vivek decided that their only hope would be for him to run away and try to find the person who claimed to be their mother. Somewhere Vivek had heard that the woman’s name was Meena and that she lived in Forbesgunge, so he fled to the train station one morning and used Naina’s tip to buy a ticket. 
‘‘I was trembling because I thought that 
they would come after me and cut me into pieces,’’ he recalled. After arriving in Forbesgunge, he asked directions to the brothel district. He trudged down the road to the red-light area and then asked one pass-erby after another: Where is Meena? Where does she live? 
Finally, after a long walk and many 
missed turns, he knew he was close to her home, and he called out: Meena! Meena! A woman came out of one little home—Vivek’s lip quivered as he recounted this part of the story—and looked him over wonderingly. The boy and the woman gazed at each other for a long moment, and then the woman fi-nally said in astonishment: ‘‘Are you Vivek?’’ 
The reunion was sublime. It was a blessed 
few weeks of giddy, unadulterated joy, the first happiness that Vivek had known in his life. Meena is a warm and emotional woman, and Vivek was thrilled to feel a mother’s love for the first time. Yet now that Meena 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.026 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1609 March 18, 2015 
had news about Naina, her doggedness came 
to the surface again: She was determined to recover her daughter. 
‘‘I gave birth to her, and so I can never for-
get her,’’ Meena said. ‘‘I must fight for her as long as I breathe. Every day without Naina feels like a year.’’ 
Meena had noticed that Apne Aap Women 
Worldwide, an organization that fights sex slavery in India, had opened an office in Forbesgunge. Apne Aap is based in Kolkata, the city formerly known as Calcutta, but its founder—a determined former journalist named Ruchira Gupta—grew up partly in Forbesgunge. Other aid groups are reluctant to work in rural Bihar because of the wide-spread criminality, but Ruchira knew the area and thought it was worth the risk to open a branch office. One of the first people to drop in was Meena. ‘‘Please, please,’’ Meena begged Ruchira, ‘‘help me get my daughter back!’’ 
There had never been a police raid on a 
brothel in Bihar State, as far as anyone knew, but Ruchira decided that this could be the first. While Ainul Bibi’s brothel had warm ties with the local police, Ruchira had strong connections with national police offi-cials. And Ruchira can be every bit as in-timidating as any brothel owner. 
So Apne Aap harangued the local police 
into raiding the brothel to rescue Naina. The police burst in, found Naina, and took her to the police station. But the girl had been so drugged and broken that at the station she looked at Meena and declared numbly: ‘‘I’m not your daughter.’’ Meena was shattered. 
Naina explained later that she had felt 
alone and terrified, partly because Ainul Bibi had told her that Vivek had died. But after an hour in the police station, Naina began to realize that maybe she could escape the brothel, and she finally whispered, ‘‘Yes, you’re my mother.’’ 
So Apne Aap whisked Naina off to a hos-
pital in Kolkata, where she was treated for severe injuries and a morphine addiction. The brothel had drugged Naina constantly to render her compliant, and the morphine withdrawal was brutal to watch. In Forbesgunge, life became more difficult and dangerous for Meena and her family. Some of the brothel owners there are related to Ainul and Manooj, and they were furious at Meena. Even those in the Nutt community who didn’t like prostitution disapproved of the police raid, and so the townspeople shunned Apne Aap’s school and shelter. Meena and her children were stigmatized, and a young man working with Apne Aap was stabbed. Threats were made against Meena’s two daughters with Kuduz. Yet Meena was serene as she walked about the streets. She laughed at the idea that she should feel cowed. 
‘‘They think that good is bad,’’ she scoffed, 
speaking of the local villagers. ‘‘They may not speak to me, but I know what is right and I will stick to it. I will never accept prostitution of myself or my children as long as I breathe.’’ Meena is working as a commu-nity organizer in Forbesgunge, trying to dis-courage parents from prostituting their daughters and urging them to educate their sons and daughters alike. Over time the re-sentment against her has diminished a bit, but she is still seen as pushy and unfeminine. 
Apne Aap later started a boarding school 
in Bihar, partly with donations from Amer-ican supporters, and Meena’s children were placed there. The school has a guard and is a much safer place for them. Naina now stud-ies at that boarding school and hopes to be-come a teacher, and in particular to help dis-advantaged children. 
One afternoon, Meena was singing to her 
two young daughters, teaching them a song. 
This is how it went: India will not be free, Until its women are free. What about the girls in this country? If girls are insulted and abused and enslaved 
in this country, 
Put your hand on your heart and ask, Is this country truly independent? 
The next part of the chapter: ‘‘Fight-
ing Slavery from Seattle.’’ This is a book, ‘‘Half the Sky,’’ by Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn. It is about sex trafficking, and I am reading it, 
one, because it is a really good book and so people understand the issue, two, so people will refocus on why we have these bills on the floor and work together. We all know some potential ways to resolve this on both sides of the aisle so we can pass this bill and re-solve this Hyde amendment provision which should not be on this bill. But there are ways to resolve this, and we know what they are, and then, also, hopefully, pass my safe harbor bill which was the bill that in addition to Senator C
ORNYN ’s bill passed through 
our Committee on the Judiciary unani-mously. Every single person voted for it. It is slated to be the first amend-ment vote on this bill, and it estab-lishes safe harbor incentives so that other States will do what Minnesota and about 15 States have done, which is not to consider these victims as crimi-nals but to consider them as victims. Then not only do we help these girls so they have a chance of turning their lives around but also so that we actu-ally make better criminal cases. 
I know as a former prosecutor, run-
ning an office of 400 people for 8 years— seeing some of these major cases come in our doors—the best way to make these cases, if you have victims who feel that they are protected, who feel they have another life they can lead, who feel they can do something with their lives between going back to their pimp and going back to the person who has beaten them up and gotten them hooked on drugs, is by doing something like that. So those are two worthy bills that are on the floor. 
Again, my colleagues are welcome to 
come down here and join me. I think it would be nice for a change if people fo-cused on the issue at hand instead of a partisan fight that has been going on, because I think this institution is bet-ter than what we have seen in the last week. 
The next part of the chapter: ‘‘Fight-
ing Slavery from Seattle.’’ 
People always ask how they can help. 
Given concerns about corruption, waste, and mismanagement, how can one actually help women like Meena and defeat modern slav-ery? Is there anything an ordinary person can do? 
That is a good question. I finally de-
cided to start reading this book be-cause I was sick of what was going on here. I think ordinary people around the country can do something about sex slavery by supporting strong laws and making sure Congress gets its job done but also doing work on their local and State level. 
The authors say: A starting point is to be brutally realistic 
about the complexities of achieving change. To be blunt, humanitarians sometimes exag-
gerate and oversell, eliding pitfalls. They sometimes torture frail data until it yields the demanded ‘‘proof’’ of success. Partly this is because the causes are worthy and inspir-ing; those who study education for girls, for example, naturally believe in it. As we’ll see, the result is that the research isn’t often conducted with the same rigor as is found in, say, examinations of the effectiveness of toothpaste. Aid groups are also reluctant to acknowledge mistakes, partly because frank discussion of blunders is an impediment in soliciting contributions. 
The reality is that past efforts to as-
sist girls have sometimes backfired. In 1993, Senator Tom Harkin wanted to help Bangladeshi girls laboring in sweatshops, so he introduced legisla-tion that would ban imports made by workers under the age of fourteen. Bangladeshi factories promptly fired tens of thousands of young girls, and many of them ended up in brothels and are presumably now dead of AIDS. 
Again, I am reading from the book 
‘‘Half the Sky,’’ by Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn, which is a great book about sex trafficking in order to refocus this Chamber on what we should be doing, which is getting these bills done and coming up with a way to resolve timeworn disputes which we somehow have been able do with other bills. 
I am trying to make the case here 
that these girls, as reflected in some of these stories, are just as important as some of the other work that we do in the Senate and deserve our greatest ef-forts. 
Yet many forms of assistance—particu-
larly in health and education—have an excel-lent record. Consider the work of Frank Gri-jalva, the principal of the Overlake School in Redmond, Washington, a fine private school with 450 students in grades five through twelve. Annual tuition hovers around $22,000, and most of the kids are raised in a sheltered upper-middle class environment. Grijalva was looking for a way to teach his students about how the other half lives. 
‘‘It became clear that we, as a very privi-
leged community, needed to be a bigger, more positive force in the world,’’ Grijalva recalled. Frank heard about Bernard Krisher, a former Newsweek correspondent who was so appalled by poverty in Cambodia that he formed an aid group, American Assistance for Cambodia. Rescuing girls from brothels is important, Krisher believes, but the best way to save them is to prevent them from being trafficked in the first place—which means keeping them in school. So American Assistance for Cambodia focuses on edu-cating rural children, especially girls. Bernie Krisher’s signature program is the Rural School Project. For $13,000, a donor can es-tablish a school in a Cambodian village. The donation is matched by funds from the World Bank and again by the Asian Development Bank. 
Grijalva had a brainstorm. His students 
could sponsor a school in Cambodia and use it as a way of emphasizing the importance of public service. Initially the response from students and parents was polite but cautious, but then the attacks of 9/11 took place, and suddenly the community was passionately concerned with the larger world and engaged in this project. The students conducted bake sales, car washes, and talent shows, and also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.027 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1610 March 18, 2015 
educated themselves about Cambodia’s his-
tory of war and genocide. The school was built in Pailin, a Cambodian town on the Thai border that is notorious for cheap brothels that cater to Thai men. 
In February 2003, the school construction 
was completed, and Grijalva led a delegation of nineteen students from Overlake School to Cambodia for the opening. A cynic might say that the money for the visit would have been better spent on building another Cam-bodian school, but in fact that visit was an essential field trip and a learning oppor-tunity for those American students. They lugged along boxes of school supplies, but as they approached Pailin by car, they realized that Cambodia’s needs were greater than they ever could have imagined. The dirt-and- gravel road to Pailin was so deeply rutted that it was barely passable, and they saw a 
bulldozer overturned beside a crater—it had hit a land mine. 
When the Americans reached the Cam-
bodian school, they saw a sign declaring it the OVERLAKE SCHOOL in English and Kmer script. At the ribbon cutting, the Americans were welcomed by a sea of excited Cambodians—led by a principal who was missing a leg, a land-mine victim himself. Cambodian men then had an average of only 2.6 years of education, and Cambodian women averaged just 1.7 years, so a new school was appreciated in a way the Ameri-cans could barely fathom. 
The school dedication—and the full week 
in Cambodia—left an indelible impression on the American students. So Overlake students and parents decided to forge an ongoing rela-tionship with its namesake in Cambodia. The Americans funded an English teacher at the school and arranged for an Internet connec-tion for e-mail. They built a playground and sent books. Then, in 2006, the American school decided to send delegations annually, dispatching students and teachers during spring vacation to teach English and arts to the Cambodian pupils. And in 2007, the group decided to assist a school in Ghana as well, and to send a delegation there. 
‘‘This project is simply the most 
meaningful and worthwhile initiative that I have undertaken in my thirty- six years in education,’’ Frank Grijalva said. The Overlake School in Cambodia is indeed an extraordinary place. A bridge has washed out, so you have to walk across a stream to reach it, but it looks nothing like the dilapidated buildings that you see in much of the developing world. There are 270 stu-dents, ranging in age from six to fif-teen. The English teacher is university educated and speaks good English. Most stunning of all, when we dropped by, the sixth graders were busy sending e-mails from their Yahoo accounts—to the kids at Overlake School in Amer-ica. 
One of those writing an e-mail was Kun 
Sokkea, a thirteen-year-old girl who would soon be the first in her family ever to grad-uate from elementary school. Her father had died of AIDS, and her mother was sick with the same disease and needed to be nursed constantly. Kun Sokkea is rail-thin, a bit gangly, with long, stringy black hair. She is reserved, and her shoulders sag with the bur-dens of poverty. 
‘‘My mom encourages me to stay in school, 
but sometimes I think I should go out and earn money,’’ Kun Sokkea explained. ‘‘I have no dad to support Mom, so maybe I should provide for her. In one day, I could earn sev-enty baht, [a bit more than two dollars] cut-ting hay or planting corn.’’ 
To address these financial pressures, Amer-
ican Assistance for Cambodia started a pro-gram called Girls Be Ambitious, which in ef-fect bribes families to keep girls in school. If 
a girl has perfect attendance in school for one month, her family gets $10. A similar ap-proach has been used very effectively and cheaply to increase education for girls in Mexico and other countries. Kun Sokkea’s family is now getting the stipend. For donors who can’t afford to fund an entire school, it’s a way to fight trafficking at a cost of $120 per year per girl. The approach helps because it is typically girls like Kun Sokkea who end up trafficked. Their families are desperate for money, the girls are poorly educated, and a trafficker promises them a great job sell-ing fruit in a distant city. 
Kun Sokkea showed us her home, a 
rickety shack built on stilts—to guard against flooding and vermin—in a field near the school. The house has no elec-tricity, and her possessions were in one small bag. She never has to worry about choosing what to wear: She has just one shirt, and no shoes other than a pair of flip-flops. Kun Sokkea has never been to a dentist and to a doctor only once, and she gets the family’s drinking water from the nearby creek. That’s the same creek in which Kun Sokkea washes the family clothes (she borrows someone else’s shirt to wear when she has to wash her own). She shares a mattress on the floor with her brother, as three other family members sleep a few feet way. Kun Sokkea has never touched a phone, ridden in a car, or had a soft drink; when she was asked if she ever drank milk, she looked con-fused and said as a baby she had drunk her mother’s milk. 
Yet one thing Kun Sokkea has beside her 
bed is a photo of the American Overlake stu-dents on their campus. In the evenings be-fore she goes to sleep, she sometimes picks up the photo and studies the smiling families and neat lawns and modern buildings. In her own shack, with her mother sick and often crying, her siblings hungry, it is a window into a magical land where people have plenty to eat and get cured when they fall ill. In such a place, she thinks, everybody must be happy all the time. 
For one thing, we know that is not 
quite true in our country. As we know, we have these same crimes occurring in our country every single day. Every 
single day, we have thousands of girls who are victims of sex trafficking. We had it happen in Minnesota. We have had it happen across the country. We have it happen when some girls are brought in from other countries. We know it is going on every day in our own Nation. We have an opportunity to do something about it, to tell the rest of the world that this place is a place where good things get done. But some-
how we have gotten bogged down in a political game again with blame going back and forth and back and forth, and I just don’t think that is dignified for the Senate. 
While we can battle it out—and we 
should—on issues such as the budget and on issues where we don’t have an agreement when it comes to our coun-try’s international affairs, this is an issue on which we actually agree, but somehow we found a way to not agree, and I think we need to find our way back. That is why I am going to con-tinue to read from this book. 
Someone asked me if this is a fili-
buster. It is not a filibuster because ob-viously I don’t mind if my colleagues 
come down. I would like them to come down and talk about this important topic. But I will point out that at least when it comes to this issue of sex traf-ficking, we can stop going back and forth on who is to blame and who knew what when and what people did wrong and instead just focus on resolving this issue and getting a bill passed and cer-tainly not attaching it to the Attorney General of the United States. 
I will say that it is attached to the 
Attorney General in one way, and that is when it comes to Federal sex traf-ficking cases. Most of these cases are on the local level, county level, State level, the DA’s office, but there are cases that are handled federally. I know from talking to the nominated Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, that she cares very much about these cases. It would be good to have her in place so we can start working on this national sex trafficking strategy. So in that way they are connected, but they cer-tainly are not connected, in my mind, procedurally. 
I know some of my colleagues have 
addressed this. I have spoken out for her several times. Not everyone knows about Loretta Lynch’s background. Lo-retta Lynch is someone who grew up in a neighborhood—her family didn’t have a lot of money. Her dad was a pastor at the church. 
When she was in elementary school, 
she took a test and did really well on that test. The teacher came to her and said: You know what, we don’t really know if that was really you who took that test or if that was really your score. So she took the test again, and she scored even higher the second time. 
When Loretta Lynch graduated from 
high school, she was actually the val-edictorian. The principal of that school came up to Loretta Lynch and said: You know what, it is a bit controver-sial to have you as our valedictorian, so you will have to share it with a White student. That happened to Lo-retta Lynn, and she just waited it out, and that is what she is going to do with this Chamber. She is going wait it out, and in the end she will be confirmed as the next Attorney General. 
Why is this relevant? Because some 
of our friends on the other side of the aisle are attaching it to the sex traf-ficking issue, and I don’t think it should be attached to the sex traf-ficking issue. I think we should get her confirmed. 
But most importantly and the reason 
I am here on the floor reading from this book is just to say, can we just stop going back and forth and the vengeance and get this bill done? 
From the very beginning, Senator 
C
ORNYN and I have worked on my bill, 
the safe harbor bill—which is not the bill on the floor—together. While I was not involved in the beginning of the drafting of his bill, I believe that idea of helping victims in some way with some kind of funding with shelters is a really good idea as well. 
I hope we can resolve the issue on his 
bill, the Hyde amendment provision, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.030 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1611 March 18, 2015 
and that we can then go on to pass my 
bill as the amendment. As we know, there is significant support in the House for these bills, and they are very important bills. 
I will continue with the book: 
Kun Sokkea and her family are not the 
only beneficiaries. The Americans them-selves have been transformed as much as the Cambodians. And that is something you see routinely: Aid projects have a mixed record in helping people abroad, but a superb record in inspiring and educating the donors. Some-times the lessons are confusing, as Overlake found when it tried to help Kun Sokkea get to middle school after graduating from ele-mentary school. She needed transport be-cause the middle school was far away, and young men in the area often harassed girls on their way to school. 
So, at the teacher’s suggestion, Overlake 
bought Kun Sokkea a bicycle, and for several months that worked very well. Then an older woman, a neighbor, asked to borrow Kun Sokkea’s bicycle; the girl felt she couldn’t say no to an older person. The woman then sold the bicycle and kept the money she re-ceived for it. Frank Grijalva and the Amer-ican students were beside themselves, but they learned an important lesson about how defeating poverty is more difficult than it seems at first. The Americans decided they couldn’t just buy Kun Sokkea another bicy-cle, so the girl returned to walking an hour each way to school and back. Perhaps in part because of the distance involved and the risks of getting to school, Kun Sokkea began to miss a fair number of days. Her grades suffered. In early 2009, she dropped out of school. 
America’s schools rarely convey much un-
derstanding of the 2.7 billion people (40 per-cent of the world’s population) who today live on less than $2 a day. So while the pri-mary purpose of a new movement on behalf of women is to stop slavery and honor killings, another is to expose young Ameri-cans to life abroad so that they, too, can learn and grow and blossom—and then con-tinue to tackle the problems as adults. 
‘‘After going to Cambodia, my plans for 
the future have changed,’’ said Natalie Hammerquist, a seventeen-year-old at Overlake who regularly e-mails two Cam-bodian students. ‘‘This year I’m taking three foreign languages, and I plan on picking up more in college.’’ 
Natalie’s Cambodian girlfriend wants to be 
a doctor but can’t afford to go to university. That grates on Natalie: A girl just like me has to abandon her dreams because they’re unaffordable. Now Natalie plans on a career empowering young people around the world: ‘‘All anyone should do is to use their gifts in what way they can, and this is how I can use mine. That is the weight of how valuable see-ing Cambodia was for me.’’ 
This is now chapter 2 of Nicholas 
Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn’s book ‘‘Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide.’’ And I noted that really most of the book is about sex trafficking and pros-titution and why this is such a major problem worldwide. 
Look at what happened that night 
when those girls were doing nothing but learning at a school and Boko Haram came in and broke into that school and took those girls away. Their parents had nothing but motorcycles and bicycles and bows and arrows to try to chase them. They were never able to get their daughters back, and now Boko Haram said they sold many 
of those children into sex slavery. 
This should not be happening, but it 
is going on right now—and not just internationally. It is going on every-where in this country, and that is why it is important. It is important not just for the victims in America, it is also important because of the victims inter-nationally. We have an opportunity in this country to actually stand up and say: We want to be a leader on this internationally. We are going to cast this dysfunction aside and actually get this done and show the world we can be a leader when it comes to elevating girls and young women, when it comes to holding up half the sky. 
Chapter 2, ‘‘Prohibition and Prostitu-
tion.’’ It starts with a quote by Abra-ham Lincoln: 
Although volume upon volume is written 
to prove slavery a good thing, we never hear of the man who wishes to take the good of it, by being a slave himself. 
After visiting Meena Hasina and Ruchira 
Gupta in Bihar, Nick crossed from India into Nepal at a border village with stalls selling clothing, snacks, and more sinister wares. That border crossing is the one through which thousands of Nepali girls are traf-ficked into India on their way to the broth-els of Kolkata. There they are valued for their light skin, good looks, docility, and in-ability to speak the local language. As Nick filled out some required paperwork at the border post, Nepalis streamed into India, without filling out a form. 
While sitting in the border shack, Nick 
began talking to one Indian officer who spoke excellent English. The man said he had been dispatched by the intelligence bu-reau to monitor the border. 
‘‘So what exactly are you monitoring?’’ 
Nick asked. 
‘‘We’re looking for terrorists, or terror 
supplies,’’ said the man, who wasn’t moni-toring anything very closely, since one truck after another was driving past. ‘‘After 9/11, we’ve tightened things up here. And we’re also looking for smuggled or pirated goods. If we find them, we will confiscate them.’’ 
‘‘What about trafficked girls?’’ Nick asked. 
‘‘Are you keeping an eye out for them? There must be a lot.’’ 
‘‘Oh, a lot. But we don’t worry about them. 
There’s nothing that we can do about them.’’ 
‘‘Well, you could arrest the traffickers. 
Isn’t trafficking girls as important as pirating DVDs?’’ 
The intelligence officer laughed genially 
and threw up his hands. ‘‘Prostitution is in-evitable.’’ He chuckled. ‘‘There has always been prostitution in every country. And what’s a young man going to do from the time he turns eighteen until he gets married at thirty?’’ 
‘‘Well, is the best solution really to kidnap 
Nepali girls and imprison them in Indian brothels?’’ 
The officer shrugged, unperturbed. ‘‘These 
girls are sacrificed so we can have harmony in society. So that good girls can be safe.’’ 
It is unfortunate. I hope that is not 
what we are going to be saying in this body—from the Senate to the rest of the world and to trafficked girls and to those groups who are advocating so hard, especially over the last 2 years, in trying to get this done. I hope we will not say: It is unfortunate. We were not able to resolve this. These are major fights, and this person did this, and this person knew about this, and 
this person didn’t know about that. 
That is what has been going on over 
this past week, and we are better than that. People keep backstabbing and going after each other, but personally I have had it. So if anyone wants to join me here—I know the women in the Senate have always worked together— and at least talk about this issue in-stead of simply fighting with each other, I think we would really improve our chances of getting it done. 
‘‘But many of the Nepali girls being traf-
ficked are good girls, too.’’ 
‘‘Oh, yes, but those are peasant girls. They 
can’t even read. They’re from the country-side. The good Indian middle-class girls are safe.’’ 
Nick, who had been gritting his teeth, of-
fered an explosive suggestion: ‘‘I’ve got it! You know, in the United States we have a lot of problems with harmony in society. So we should start kidnapping Indian middle-class girls and forcing them to work in brothels in the United States! Then young American men could have fun, too, don’t you think? That would improve our harmony in soci-ety!’’ 
There was an ominous silence, but finally 
the police officer roared with laughter. 
‘‘You are joking!’’ the officer said beaming. 
‘‘That’s very funny!’’ 
Nick gave up. People get away with enslaving village 
girls for the same reason that people got away with enslaving blacks 200 years ago: The victims are perceived as discounted hu-mans. India had delegated an intelligence of-ficer to look for pirated goods because it knew that the United States cares about in-tellectual property. When India feels that the West cares as much about slavery as it does about pirated DVDs, it will dispatch people to the borders to stop traffickers. 
The tools to crush modern slavery exist, 
but the political will is lacking. That must be the starting point of any abolitionist movement. We’re not arguing that West-erners should take up this cause because it is the fault of the West; Western men do not play a central role in prostitution in most poor countries. True, American and Euro-pean sex tourists are part of the problem in Thailand, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, and Belize, but they are still only a small per-centage of the johns. The vast majority are local men. Moreover, Western men usually go with girls who are more or less voluntary prostitutes, because they want to take the girls back to their hotel rooms, while forced prostitutes are not normally allowed out of the brothels. So this is not a case where we in the West have a responsibility to lead be-cause we are the source of the problem. Rather, we single out the West because even though we are peripheral to the slavery, our action is necessary to overcome a horrific evil. 
One reason the modern abolitionist move-
ment has not been more effective is the divi-sive politics of prostitution. In the 1990s, the American left and right collaborated and achieved the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, which was a milestone in raising awareness of international trafficking in the global agenda. The anti-trafficking move-ment then was unusually bipartisan, strong-ly backed by some liberal Democrats, such as the late senator Paul Wellstone, and by some conservative Republicans, such as Sen-ator Sam Brownback. 
I do want to pause from this book for 
a second to note that when I was at the McCain Institute out in Arizona, Cindy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.031 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1612 March 18, 2015 
McCain and H EIDI HEITKAMP and I 
spoke about this issue to all of those gathered. At the end, a guy came up to me and said that he was with the State Department under a Republican admin-istration, and he talked to me about how when Paul Wellstone died, they put forward some kind of a scholarship in his honor for students who wanted to work in the area of combating sex trafficking and trying to eliminate sex trafficking. 
It was at that moment last spring 
that I actually found out that Paul Wellstone, the Senator from Min-nesota, whom we miss so dearly, who died in that tragic plane crash, had taken on this issue. He had taken on so many other issues, speaking for the voiceless, from mental health to do-mestic violence, that I did not know— and I think this shows how sometimes this issue gets second shrift—that he was such a hero when it came to sex trafficking. 
I think part of that was Paul always 
believed that there were a lot of causes around this building that had people advocating for them, that keep people busy at meetings all day or that they get called up for that are so important, but, in fact, those who can’t afford that kind of help—the victims of domestic violence or those with mental illness or victims of sex trafficking—they don’t have a lot of lobbyists coming over here to meet with people and they need someone to stand up for them, and they should not be forgotten or dis-missed or marginalized in becoming a political football, that maybe they need someone advocating on their be-half. 
The other thing about Paul is he al-
ways embraced that immigrant experi-ence. He believed that no matter where one comes from in this country, or no matter what one’s roots were, they should be able to rise up. He also be-lieved that everyone should be treated with dignity. 
I will never forget when I first came 
to the Senate, Darrell, the train driver who recently retired, came up to me and I told him I am a Senator from Minnesota, and all he said was, ‘‘Paul Wellstone,’’ because he remembered him. Whether it was the cops at the front desk or the secretaries, they re-member Paul. So it is no surprise that Paul Wellstone, along with conserv-ative Republican Sam Brownback, ac-tually took this issue on. 
In this book, ‘‘Half the Sky,’’ Nich-
olas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn con-tinue talking about who worked on this when people were actually work-ing together. They say: 
Hillary Rodham Clinton was also a leader 
on this issue, and no one has been a greater champion than Carolyn Maloney, a Demo-cratic Congresswoman from New York. 
In fact, Congresswoman M ALONEY , in 
conjunction with Congressman P OE, a 
Republican Congressman, are spon-soring a bill that is not exactly the same as Senator C
ORNYN ’s bill, but 
similar. They are also cosponsors of the bill I am carrying, the safe harbor 
bill that E RIKPAULSEN is carrying in 
the House. So we can see this work has continued. Some of the people are the same, but somehow back then, we were able to reach some kind of an agree-ment, and this was treated as a serious issue and a serious bill which we need to do. 
They go on to talk about who else 
worked on this. 
They say: 
. . . Paul Wellstone, Sam Brownback, Hil-
lary Rodham Clinton, Carolyn Maloney, a Democratic Congresswoman from New York. Likewise, one of George W. Bush’s few posi-tive international legacies was a big push against trafficking. Vital Voices and other liberal groups were stalwart on sex traf-ficking, as were International Justice Mis-sion, and other conservative evangelical groups. Yet, while the left and the right each do important work fighting trafficking, they mostly do it separately. The abolitionist movement would be far more effective if it forged unity in its own rank. 
Now we get back to something I al-
ways remember M IKE ENZI talking 
about, about how we can have disagree-ment on something like 20 percent of the things, but we have agreement on 80 percent. Maybe that is what we have to remember with this bill. We know how Senator E
NZIalways worked well 
with Ted Kennedy, as did Senator H
ATCH , even with how different they 
were politically. But they were able to find some common ground. 
Certainly this bill should not be de-
volving into a fight over abortion. There is so much we agree on in this bill. There is also so much we agree on in the safe harbor bill which doesn’t contain the Hyde provision. 
So this idea that we are going back 
and forth and dwelling on whose fault this was and how it happened—frankly, I think: Enough. I think we need to re-solve this. I know there are ways to re-solve this. I hope that is continuing to go on today. We have a lot of things, in addition to passing this bill, we need to get done. We need to get the vote on the next Attorney General of the United States. We have a major budget that we need to get done. The budget needs to be approved. I am looking at our staff and I know they are looking forward to one of those nights where we are going until 3 or 4 in the morn-ing. Maybe we wouldn’t have to do that if we could stop these kinds of fights. 
This is kind of a practical argument 
for getting this done, I know that, but one has to be slightly practical as we look at the fights before us on impor-tant matters that we need to resolve. One of the fights shouldn’t be this. This is a fight against evil. This is a fight against those who are trafficking in little girls. It shouldn’t be a fight across the aisle. 
The authors talk about the groups 
that have worked on it and how we would be more effective if we forged unity. 
They continue: 
One reason for discord is a dispute about 
how to regard prostitution. The left often re-fers nonjudgmentally to ‘‘sex workers’’ and 
tends to be tolerant of transactions among consenting adults. The right . . . refers to ‘‘prostitutes’’ or ‘‘prostituted women’’. 
Do my colleagues know what is so in-
teresting about this—let me see when this book was written: 2009. So even since that time, what is sort of a cool thing is that we have gotten some agreement now on the fact that when we see a Republican House of Rep-resentatives being able to pass the safe harbor bill—the bill I wrote in the Sen-ate, the bill that is not yet on the floor, to make clear, but the bill that would be considered as the first amend-ment—we have gotten some agreement here in these two Houses that these younger victims are, in fact, victims. I think that is really important for our country to hear that. Because when we do things such as that—such as when we pass the Violence Against Women Act, it changes the whole way people think about these crimes. Who is com-mitting the crime? It is the people run-ning the ring. It is the johns. It is not the victims. 
So I think that is why as we move 
forward, trying to get these bills passed, it is so important beyond the immediate bills. 
OK. So they are talking about this 
debate. I don’t think we should dwell on debate. We have had enough of them in this Chamber, but that is what this part of the book is about. 
They continue: 
What policy should we pursue to try to 
eliminate that slavery? Originally, we sym-pathized with the view that a prohibition won’t work any better in prostitution today than it did against alcohol in America in the 1920s. Instead of trying fruitlessly to ban prostitution, we believed it would be pref-erable to legalize and regulate it. That prag-matic ‘‘harm reduction’’ model is preferred by many aid groups because it allows aid workers to pass out condoms and it permits access to brothels so that they can be more easily checked for underage girls. 
Over time, we’ve changed our minds. That 
legalize-and-regulate model simply hasn’t worked very well in countries where pros-titution is often coerced. 
This is a change. I think we remem-
ber back decades ago where people were talking about legalizing prostitu-tion. I think what we have realized, those of us who have worked as pros-ecutors, is that so often prostitution is not consensual. So often there are rea-sons—either the pimp is keeping some-one hooked on drugs to keep someone being a prostitute or they are threat-ening their lives or threatening their family lives—and this is something that we don’t want to have be legal. 
I am going to finish this paragraph, 
and then I see we have been joined by the great Senator from New Jersey who I am really happy has come so I can sit down and drink some water. 
It continues: 
That legalize-and-regulate model simply 
hasn’t worked very well in countries where prostitution is often coerced. Partly, that is because governance is often poor so the regu-lation is ineffective, and partly it is because the legal brothels tend to attract a parallel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.032 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1613 March 18, 2015 
illegal business in young girls and forced 
prostitution. In contrast, there’s empirical evidence that crackdowns can succeed, when combined with social services such as job re-training and drug rehabilitation, and that is the approach we have come to favor. In coun-tries with widespread trafficking, we favor a law enforcement strategy that pushes for fundamental change in police attitudes and regular police inspections to check for un-derage girls or anyone being held against their will. That means holding governments accountable not just to pass laws but also to enforce them, and monitoring how many brothels are raided and pimps are arrested. Jail-like brothels should be closed down, sting operations should be mounted against buyers of virgin girls, and national police chiefs must be under pressure to crack down on corruption as it relates to trafficking. The idea is to reduce the brothel owners’ profit. 
With that, I will take a pause from 
this book. I will say that Senator B
OOKER has done not only an amazing 
job as a Senator, but he also knows a little bit about being a mayor. He knows the struggle of poverty and also understands that to govern, we have to have a change of tone. I have always appreciated the work he has done across the aisle and the tone he brings to the Senate. We are really trying to push today as we try to come together to work on this bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from New Jer-
sey. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague for those incredibly gen-erous words. I recognize the Presiding Officer, Senator P
ERDUE . I am grateful 
to be able to serve with him, and it is great seeing him in the captain’s chair, to use my ‘‘Star Trek’’ parlance. I am happy to have the chance to formally welcome the Senator from Georgia to the Senate. It is good to serve with him as well. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Mr. President, I am honored to stand 
on the Senate floor to express my strong support for the historic nomina-tion of Loretta Lynch to be the Attor-ney General of the United States. Our Nation is fortunate to have Ms. Lynch as the nominee for Attorney General. She is seasoned, competent, wise, ex-traordinarily dedicated, and has al-ready served this Nation for many years, receiving accolades from across the country. She is historic in and of herself and exceptionally well quali-fied. I wish to tell everyone a little bit more about her. 
First, though, I want to ask—and 
this should not be necessary, but I want to ask: Why do we almost have a double standard for Ms. Lynch’s nomi-nation? She is the first African-Amer-ican woman appointed to head the De-partment of Justice. She has had her nomination pending on the Senate floor longer than any nominee for At-torney General going back three dec-ades. Ms. Lynch has had to wait 81 days for a hearing in committee—longer than any of President George W. Bush’s nominees for Attorney General had to wait; more than twice as long for At-
torneys General John Ashcroft and Mi-chael Mukasey; and 24 days longer than Alberto Gonzalez. She waited 27 days for a committee vote after her hearing, again longer than any of George Bush’s nominees to be Attorney General. Now her nomination has lingered on the Senate floor without a vote for 20 days, which is again longer than the wait for any of the last five Attorneys General combined. Her historic nomination has now been pending in the Senate for more than 130 days since the President first nominated her. I have not heard a single good reason germane to her qualifications, to her values, to her views, and to the kind of service she has rendered or will render, as to why she should not be promptly confirmed. 
She comes before the Senate having 
been twice appointed by two different Presidents and twice unanimously con-firmed by this very body, to be a U.S. attorney. She has been a career Fed-eral prosecutor for almost a decade, a partner at a prestigious law firm, and led one of the finest Federal pros-ecuting offices in the country, the Eastern District of New York. 
Her nomination has the support of 
dozens of law enforcement organiza-tions, civil rights organizations, and outspoken citizens from across the country. 
So, again, I wonder why are we here 
today still waiting? Why does this President’s exceptionally well-qualified nominee deserve such unfair treat-ment? 
Attorneys General are important be-
cause they lead the Department that keeps us safe and secure and protects our rights. From securing the right to vote to combating the violence of orga-nized crime, to bringing terrorists to justice, this position is too important for any kind of political games and for any kind of delay. 
Seventy-five years ago, another At-
torney General, Robert H. Jackson, spoke eloquently about the qualities of a good Federal prosecutor and hence a good Attorney General, when he said: ‘‘The citizen’s safety lies in the pros-ecutor who tempers zeal with human kindness, who seeks truth and not vic-tims, who serves the law and not fac-tional purposes, and who approaches her task with humility.’’ 
This is the type of prosecutor Ms. 
Lynch has always been and the type of Attorney General she will be. 
This appointment is historic. Once 
confirmed, Ms. Lynch will be the first Black woman to serve in the Nation’s highest law enforcement position. She will be only the second woman and sec-ond African American to be Attorney General. Her story is our story. It is an American story. It reflects a long his-tory of our Nation, the distance we have traveled as a country. 
It is a story of a Black woman who 
grew up in the Jim Crow South, the daughter of a fourth-generation min-ister and segregation-fighting mother who overcame discrimination and achieved the American dream despite 
the early obstacles she faced. Once, while a student at a predominantly White elementary school, her standard-ized test scores were so high that the disbelieving school demanded she re-take her test. The great thing about that story is she retook the test and got a higher score. On one other occa-sion, she was named the valedictorian of her high school class which was a predominantly White high school, but the White administrators in the school did not think it was appropriate to have a Black girl as the top student, so they asked her to share that honor with a White student, and she did so with dignity and grace. 
She would go on to earn an Ivy 
League education, climb the highest ladders of her profession, and stand today nominated by the President of the United States of America, and when confirmed by the Senate, she will be our 83rd Attorney General. Only in this great Nation can a story such as this be possible, can a story such as this be told. 
Today, we continue our efforts. All of 
us—Republicans and Democrats—in this body are committed to building a more perfect Union. I know this con-firmation will inspire people all across our country—people who may have lost their faith in law enforcement or in our government’s ability to get things done, to know that despite the odds or challenges, we are still a great nation, that we are devoted to overcoming our challenges. 
We celebrate someone who has bro-
ken glass ceilings, who has broken bar-rier after barrier, and now as a quali-fied candidate will hopefully soon as-cend to this position. It is a reaffirma-tion of the American dream. 
While history is important, I don’t 
want to overshadow those qualifica-tions. I want to reiterate them. 
She is a well-qualified nominee. She 
graduated with Harvard College and Harvard Law School degrees, and went on to gain exceptional experience as a prosecutor and as a manager. As U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, she led one of the Nation’s most challenging prosecutorial offices. I know this. I live right across the river from where she works. Her tough approach to fighting crime became al-most legendary. She won acclaim throughout our metropolitan region as well as in the law enforcement commu-nity. 
In that office she established a record 
that would make any prosecutor proud. She led an office that had the tenacity to take on violent criminals, to con-front political corruption, and to dis-rupt organized crime. 
At a time when the Senate is consid-
ering legislation to combat human trafficking, we need an Attorney Gen-eral who will vigorously, unapologetically, and courageously prosecute traffickers. Ms. Lynch has been a leader on that very issue. Her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.033 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1614 March 18, 2015 
office prosecuted over 100 child exploi-
tation cases and brutal global traf-ficking cases. Her office tried more ter-rorism cases since 9/11 than any other office in the country. 
I was impressed when she first came 
to my office. She was candid, straight-forward, and down to earth. What is clear from Ms. Lynch’s record is not just that she is a tough prosecutor but that she is a leader with a vision and the right values to be Attorney Gen-eral. 
Too many Americans distrust the 
ability of law enforcement to fairly en-force our laws. Ms. Lynch believes in the principles of equality and justice first and foremost, and she will restore even more faith in our system. In her committee testimony she articulated a vision about how in a great time of tension in our country we can rebuild the trust between dedicated, com-mitted law enforcement officers on the streets and the communities they serve. Too many Americans, as I said time and again, go to prison for far too long. The majority of people incarcer-ated today in Federal prisons are there for nonviolent offenses. We have a na-tion that leads the globe in incarcer-ating people, and we do it often in a way that is discriminatory against poor people and minorities. 
Ms. Lynch has a vision of alter-
natives to incarceration for nonviolent offenders that are based on facts and based on her experience. She supported her district’s drug court with a diver-sion program taking first-time non-violent offenders out of the prosecution system and giving them access to drug treatment. Her innovation and suc-cesses speak volumes about her com-mitment to saving taxpayer dollars and addressing our swelling prison pop-ulation while also driving down crime. 
So I say in conclusion, she has ster-
ling character. She has incredible cre-dentials. She has unflappable integrity. I am confident that as Attorney Gen-eral she will ensure that the Depart-ment leads in a way that will make us proud. 
The road to building a more perfect 
Union in this country has been long, and the work still continues. We are at a time in this Nation when cynicism with government is at an all-time high. One of the highest-ranked concerns that Americans have right now—issues of employment and education are now being caught up to by concerns that Americans have about whether their very government will work together to do what is right. 
The delay in her nomination under-
mines the integrity of this body. It gives a signal to all those who are cyn-ical to further surrender to that emo-tion. This great candidate passed through committee in bipartisan fash-ion. She is a great woman, a great Afri-can American, and most of all a great American and she should not be de-layed on the sidelines when there is work to be done, when her very delay begins to undermine what we say this body can do when we all work together 
and put petty partisan politics aside and stand up for something far more important, which is the work to make this country a more perfect Union. 
We can do that together, all of us in 
the Senate, by confirming Ms. Lynch who will use that post to do the very same. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I 
wholeheartedly echo the passionate and cogent presentation that my col-league from New Jersey has just given, that this body can be well served—very well served—for us to go immediately to the confirmation of Loretta Lynch. The delay in this critical position is unacceptable, does a disservice to the individual, a disservice to the office, a disservice to the executive branch, and a disservice to justice in America. 
Let’s have that vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The majority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to the motion to re-consider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the committee-reported amendment to S. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion to proceed. 
The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the com-mittee-reported amendment to S. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion to reconsider. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Shelley 
Moore Capito, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, James Lankford, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton, Ron Johnson, Richard Burr, Daniel Coats, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, Tim Scott, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the committee- reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the vic-tims of trafficking, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsideration? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 57, 
nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 74 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Brown 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 57, the nays are 41. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion, upon reconsid-eration, is rejected. 
The Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have 
had the opportunity in the 40 years I have been in the Senate to lead with others of both parties many efforts to help support victims—crime victims, domestic violence victims, victims of child abuse, and human trafficking vic-tims. 
One of the things I have learned dur-
ing that time is we have to pay atten-tion to what the survivors tell us when they tell us what they need. None of us have walked in their shoes. 
We can offer advice, but we can’t sec-
ond-guess them. We can’t assume we know best. Our job is to listen and try to help them rebuild their lives. 
If we would all just stop the political 
rhetoric and listen, the message from these survivors is clear. 
Earlier this week, the National Task 
Force to End Sexual and Domestic Vio-lence Against Women—this, inciden-tally, is a coalition of thousands of or-ganizations representing millions of survivors of domestic and sexual vio-lence—wrote: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.036 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1615 March 18, 2015 
We write today to express our deep concern 
about the controversy of inserting the Hyde provision into the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. The House passed a version of that Act that did not include this new Hyde provision and we ask the Senate to the do the same. 
I agree with them. I worked very 
closely with this group for more than 2 years as we drafted the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthoriza-tion Act. They are some of the most dedicated advocates I have ever worked with and I listen to what they say. I be-lieve they are showing us the way for-ward. 
The House version of the very bill we 
are debating today does not contain the unnecessary destructive provision that wreaks such havoc here. Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER found a way to bring the 
House together—Republicans and Democrats—and passed a bill without injecting abortion politics into the dis-
cussion. Now, if that deeply divided body can do it, I would assume we can do it here in the Senate. 
Some are being very casual about the 
divisive partisan provision that Senate Republicans injected into this Senate bill. They call it boilerplate. Well, it is not. It places limitations on the health care services victims can use as they access money collected from the very people who trafficked them. 
We are not talking about taxpayers’ 
money. We are not talking about tax-payers’ dollars. We are talking about traffickers’ money. This is the money traffickers would pay in fines. 
Criminals have already taken away 
so many choices for these young women and girls, and we shouldn’t be taking away their right to make their own health care choices. We certainly should not require these survivors to have to prove they were raped. That is offensive. It is wrong. 
Mr. DURBIN. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mr. LEAHY. I yield to the Senator 
for a question. 
Mr. DURBIN. I thank the Senator for 
coming to the floor. I know how much he supports this bill to end human traf-ficking, sex trafficking, and what a frustration he must feel—and which I share—that we have been unable to bring a bill before us that has strong bipartisan support and with few amendments is likely to be considered and would pass very quickly in the Senate. 
I thank him for pointing out what I 
tried to point out this morning. In this 112-page bill, there is one sentence re-lated to the Hyde amendment, which changes what we have been doing here for more than 30 years and which is holding up the passage of this impor-tant bill. What we have been pleading with the Republican leaders to do is to remove this sentence, and then let’s pass this bill. 
Mr. LEAHY. I say to the Senator 
from Illinois, that the Republican House of Representatives passed this Act without this provision, and Demo-crats and Republicans here in the Sen-ate should do the same. Mr. DURBIN. Well, there may be par-
tisan differences over this one sen-tence, but there is bipartisan support for ending the trafficking and helping the victims. 
Thank you, because I know you want 
to offer another amendment about run-aways, which is very important. I have met so many of them, as you have. It is a heartbreaking story how so many are abused and exploited. Thank you for your leadership and for bringing this issue to our attention today. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Senator 
from Illinois, who has worked on this throughout his career, both in the House and in the Senate. It means a lot. I will state what one survivor, Tina Frundt, a survivor of human traf-ficking who now helps counsel other young trafficking victims, said: 
It is not for us to judge the type of services 
a survivor of sex trafficking needs. We need the basic rights of medical services without judgment. 
I think, instead of our trying to be 
political about this, we should listen to survivors such as Tina. We can’t pass a bill that ignores the requests of the various survivors it is designed to help. 
Experts across the political spectrum 
who treat survivors of trafficking are telling us to remove the language. 
I heard, for example, from a group 
called HEAL Trafficking, an organiza-tion of health care professionals who treat survivors. These are physicians, nurses, and counselors. They wrote a letter to me and said: ‘‘We implore the Senate to pass S. 178 without the inclu-sion of Hyde amendment language, which would place limits on trafficking survivors’ access to vital health serv-ices.’’ 
I also heard from the service pro-
viders, whom I know and respect, at the Vermont Coalition of Runaway and Homeless Youth. They work with young people who are exceptionally vulnerable to becoming victims of traf-ficking and sexual exploitation. They wrote: ‘‘There should be no doubt that legislation involving the well-being of individuals who have been victimized by the most base of human behavior should be free of partisan wrangling.’’ 
It is time to listen to the people this 
bill is supposed to help. They say: Take out the provision; pass the bill. 
I hope that we will. I can only imagine what these vic-
tims of trafficking go through. I have said several times on the floor—I re-member so vividly; I remember as though it were yesterday, listening to some of the victims when we were try-ing to prosecute the people who traf-ficked them or harmed them or ex-ploited them. I thought, wouldn’t it be great if we had some help to stop this horrible crime from happening in the first place. 
But at least we did not have politi-
cians telling us: Well, you can offer this service, but you cannot offer that service. They simply said: Find the best experts you can and use their ad-vice. The experts are there day by day by 
day. Let them do their work. Don’t play politics with them. 
I have said before, when we consid-
ered the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, a victim is a victim is a victim. We ought to do what we can to help them. 
SSCI STUDY OF THE CIA ’S DETENTION AND  
INTERROGATION PROGRAM  
Mr. President, on another matter 
which goes into an interesting area, each year, Sunshine Week reminds us we cannot take for granted our demo-cratic system of government. Our Na-tion’s Founders understood that to maintain a true democracy, we have to have an open government. Only an open government can be truly account-able to the people. 
But pulling back the curtain on the 
internal workings of governmental agencies is not always easy. Some-times, it is not even popular. In some cases, it generates great controversy, as was the case of Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s 
hard-fought efforts last year to declas-sify the executive summary of the Sen-ate Intelligence Committee’s historic torture report. 
This extraordinary report thoroughly 
reviewed the CIA’s use of torture dur-ing the Bush administration and re-vealed that it was far more brutal than we knew. Now, shedding light on the CIA’s actions demonstrates to the world that America is different. We ac-knowledge our mistakes, so that we can learn from them. We do not sweep them under a rug and pretend they never happened. But some seem to want just that. 
When Senator F
EINSTEIN publically 
released the executive summary, she also provided the full report, which to-taled, I am told, more than 6,700 pages. She provided the full report to the President and the relevant executive branch agencies. The report details the failures that allowed this program to happen. She rightly put these details in the hands of those officials who had ap-propriate clearances who could learn from the mistakes and ensure that they do not happen again—whether it is a Republican or a Democratic ad-ministration. 
Unfortunately, some of the program’s 
defenders will stop at nothing in an ef-fort to erase this ugly history. Imme-diately after the report was issued, there was an unabashed campaign to discredit it and an attempt to portray what happened as something other than what we all know it was—torture. 
I have had enough of the disingen-
uous euphemisms and acronyms used to mask the truly brutal nature of what was done to other human beings. We should acknowledge what it was. It was torture. The President has ac-knowledged that. And Attorney Gen-eral nominee Loretta Lynch did during her hearing, when she stated clearly and unequivocally that waterboarding is torture. Instead, defenders of this brutality call it something else. They claim it was justified, but then they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.039 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1616 March 18, 2015 
offer no evidence to support their as-
sertions and insist outright that they would do it again. Even though they have no evidence that it helped, they imply as much. 
But if that wasn’t bad enough, some 
now want to make the report itself dis-appear. In January, the incoming chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee asked the President and the agencies to return the full report to the Senate. 
That is essentially saying: let us pre-
tend we made no mistakes. Let us erase history. Let us be able to open the history book and just see blank pages. We did nothing wrong. 
Well, that is outrageous. Neither this 
historic Senate report nor the shame-ful truths it reveals can be wiped out of existence. 
It is also appalling to learn that sev-
eral of the agencies that received the full report in December haven’t even opened it. In a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit seeking release of the full report, Justice Department and State Department officials submitted declarations stating that their copies remain locked away in unopened, sealed envelopes. So they can say: I see nothing. It is locked up. It is sealed. 
I don’t know if this was done in an 
attempt to bolster the government’s position in the FOIA lawsuit or to oth-erwise avoid Federal records laws. I certainly hope not. But regardless of the motivation, it was a mistake that should be rectified. 
The executive summary of the tor-
ture report, which they have seen, makes clear that both the State De-partment and the Justice Department have much to learn from the history of the CIA’s torture program. Both agen-cies were misled by the CIA about the program. Both should consider sys-temic changes in how they deal with covert actions. Yet neither agency has bothered to open the final, full version of the report or, apparently, even those sections most relevant to them. 
The fight for government trans-
parency and accountability is never complete. I have joined with the distin-guished Senator from Texas, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, over the years to write and pass 
tougher provisions in FOIA. I think the importance of the public release of this report’s executive summary cannot be overstated. It is one of the most impor-tant oversight achievements of this body. Now we must ensure the full re-port, containing the results of years of painstaking work, is put to good use by those within the executive branch. 
So today, as we recognize Sunshine 
Week, I send this message to the execu-tive branch agencies who received the full Intelligence Committee torture re-port: Do not return your copy to the Senate. Ensure that the appropriate people in your agencies, with appro-priate clearances, have access to it and learn from it. Initiate a process to con-sider the lessons your agency should learn from this experience. Follow the example of FBI Director Comey, who last week testified he would designate 
appropriate people to consider the re-port and what improvements could be made, because there are no instances when torture is acceptable. 
The Convention Against Torture does 
not make exceptions. There is no doubt that if these actions were committed against American soldiers, by a hostile government, we would immediately condemn them as torture and a viola-tion of international law. We have to make clear to the rest of the world we follow international law. We don’t tor-ture. We have to ensure that America never allows this to happen again. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, again 
today, just like yesterday, we saw all but four Senate Democrats filibuster a bill that passed the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously, including nine Democratic Senator votes. This is a bill that is cosponsored by 12 Demo-crats and a bill that came to the floor by unanimous consent of the Senate— all 100 Senators. Any single Senator could have barred that from happening and forced us to go through procedural hoops. I would like to believe they did so because all of us agree—Democrat and Republican alike—that helping the victims of human trafficking should be our sole and solitary focus in this legis-lation. And that is what this bill does. 
This bill is probably the last bill you 
would imagine would be controver-sial—certainly one that people would be loath to politicize—but, indeed, that is exactly what has happened. I just can’t explain it. Maybe some of our col-leagues who have done this can. How can you cosponsor a bill, how can you vote for it and then come to the floor of the Senate on two occasions and vote to kill it? 
Well, as I said earlier, we have four 
Senate Democrats who have joined with Republicans to pass this piece of legislation, then reconcile it with the House bill, and send it on to President Obama, where I am confident he would sign it. I am confident he would sign it because this is an issue where, if we can’t do a bill to help victims of human trafficking, I wonder what we can pos-sibly accomplish. If politics and the di-visiveness here in Washington so polar-izes people on this bill, how are we going to do the other things we need to do, such as pass a budget? How are we going to take care of our national secu-rity needs? How will we deal with the immigration issue? How will we deal with other things that are far more controversial? 
Just to reiterate what this bill does, 
it focuses on the people on the demand side of sex trafficking and the sex trade. In other words, the people who 
actually pay for the services provided by these 12-to-14-year-old girls and the pimps that basically manage them. 
This takes the money from the peo-
ple who create the demand. Once they have been convicted and penalized, they pay into a crime victims com-pensation fund. We estimate, if our cal-culations are correct, that could gen-erate as much as $30 million a year— $30 million a year. That money would then be subject to grants to help orga-nizations that are set up to help the victims of human trafficking. 
So not only are we interested in try-
ing to rescue these children from the grasp of these criminal organizations that run human trafficking rings, we want to find a way to help them heal and get better. We have all heard story after story about the tragedy of human trafficking. I have talked to the distin-guished ranking member of the Judici-ary Committee, who, as a former pros-ecutor, understands this issue and the human wreckage left in the wake of the people who purchase these services and help facilitate these criminal orga-nizations. So somehow, some way, we need to find a way to help the victims. Our focus ought to be on them and them alone. 
We have heard a lot of, to my mind, 
phony excuses about this bill. I actu-ally had some Senators tell me they didn’t know of this provision that lim-its the use of the fines and penalties. This is a rule that has prevailed for 39 years, known as the Hyde amendment. They say they didn’t know it was there. They didn’t read the bill, appar-ently. 
I don’t actually quite believe that. I 
know that staff on both sides in the Ju-diciary Committee and generally the staff in the Senate are highly profes-sional people. They are not going to let something slip by. But if there is a rea-son why they did, I believe it is because this language has become routine. It has become routine. It has been in lit-erally every appropriations bill since 1976. It had been in things such as the Children’s Health Insurance Program. It has been in Defense authorization bills. It has been in ObamaCare. All of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have voted for this sort of lan-guage over and over and over again. 
I happen to be proudly pro-life, but 
we have many colleagues who consider themselves pro-choice who have said: Well, I don’t think we ought to appro-priate tax dollars to pay for abortions. I agree with the Hyde amendment. So they have clearly had an opportunity to read and understand the bill. I don’t believe 12 Senators on the other side would cosponsor a bill they hadn’t read and didn’t understand. I don’t believe nine members of the Senate Judiciary Committee on the other side would vote for it, including the distinguished ranking member, without knowing what was in the bill. 
The reason why this was so 
unremarkable is because, as I said, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.041 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1617 March 18, 2015 
has become routine, and virtually all 
the legislation that touches on this area has passed since 1976. So why here and why now? Why are we threatening to kill this important piece of legisla-tion to help the most vulnerable vic-tims that exist in America? 
It is estimated that about 100,000 
children are sex trafficked a year in the United States. It happens in Texas, sadly; it happens in Vermont; and it happens everywhere. The fact of the matter is, most Americans are simply unaware of it because this is an under-belly of life, a criminality that is real-ly unbeknownst to most of us because it happens outside of our view and out-side of our experience. But we have thousands of scared and abused chil-dren who need our help. 
By killing this bill, as our friends 
across the aisle have done, with the ex-ception of four brave exceptions, in-stead of our helping hand we are giving them a shrug of indifference. We are saying: You know what. Our political fights here in Washington are more im-portant than your future and your life and the fact that you have been treated as human baggage. 
I happen to believe—and I know 
many share this belief—that we are all created in the image of God, and it is a terrible sin and it is an evil thing to treat a human being created in the image of God as a commodity, as a thing to be bought and sold. 
We went through a terrible period in 
our Nation’s history where we had Afri-can Americans treated as less than human. We fought a civil war, where 600,000 people died, and then we passed a constitutional amendment and other important legislation to try to heal those wounds that existed from the very beginning of our Nation. Indeed, it has not yet finished healing even today. 
Knowing what we know about human 
slavery and what that has been in our history, why in the world wouldn’t we want to do something about modern- day human slavery to try to rectify, to try to rescue, to try to help heal these victims, which is what this legislation does? 
To summarize: We have a piece of 
legislation that contains a provision that has been the law of the land for 39 years. We have a bill on the floor that was cosponsored by 12 Democrats on the other side of the aisle. Unfortu-nately, most of them have voted to fili-buster this bill now that it has come to the floor because of this provision they said they didn’t know about or they weren’t aware of or they object to. 
We have a piece of legislation that 
will not cost taxpayers anything be-cause it is financed by the fines and penalties assessed against people who demand and purchase these illicit serv-ices. That is why this is the sort of bi-partisan consensus legislation I think the American people would like to see us pass. 
We need to overcome this obstacle. I 
know the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , is determined to give 
those who are filibustering this bill a chance to change their mind and a chance to let us finish this piece of leg-islation. Indeed, we need two, maybe three more Senators on that side. I would think that among the 12 people who cosponsored the bill, among the 9 who voted for it already in committee, 
we could find at least 3 more who would vote for this legislation and allow us to finish it. 
I know the distinguished ranking 
member from Vermont has an amend-ment he wants to offer on the bill, and he has that right. He should have that right. But we can’t do it unless we get past this hurdle of the filibuster. This bill is simply too important to let poli-tics get in the way of helping the inno-cent victims who need our support. 
So the Senate being the way it is, 
which is somewhat broken these days, how in the world do we get to the point where we can actually help the victims of human trafficking, given the fili-buster? Well, Senator M
CCONNELL has 
said he is going to keep bringing this bill back again and again—and, indeed, this is now the second vote we have had on this—until we can recruit at least two more Democrats to vote to close off debate to allow us to finish the bill. He has also said we are not going to be able to get to the confirma-tion of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, which has been voted out of the Senate Judiciary Committee, until we finish this bill. I agree with that. I think the majority leader has made the right call, because, apparently, if the cries and the needs of the innocent vic-tims of human trafficking aren’t enough to move our friends across the aisle to let us finish this bill, then we are going to have to look for whatever leverage we can. 
Indeed, I would say this does not 
bode well for the future of the 114th Congress if this is the way we are going to be operating. I don’t know how many nominations will be voted out of committee and be eligible for floor ac-tion that will not be considered on the Senate floor because we are stuck in situations such as this—where we know what the right thing to do is, all of the Senators know what the right thing to do is, but somehow we can’t quite seem to get it done. We have to get it done. We have to get all of the Senate’s busi-ness done, including considering the President’s nominees. 
So I hope we do. I look forward to 
having another opportunity, perhaps tomorrow, to vote to close off debate. My hope is that overnight, sometime during the next 24 hours, at least 2 more of our colleagues—we would be glad to have more—can examine their conscience, can think about why it is they actually ran for the Senate, why it is they are here. Is it to try to actu-ally do something good to help people who can’t help themselves? I believe it is. I think that is why all of us came here, to try to do that. But somehow, some way, we have gotten off track, and some people think that political 
games and obstruction are more impor-tant than actually doing what we got elected to do and the reason why we ac-tually volunteered to serve in the United States Senate. 
So I hope we have at least two more 
Senators on the other side examine their conscience and reconsider their ‘‘no’’ vote and decide to close off de-bate by providing the votes. We need to do that tomorrow. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I totally 
agree with the senior Senator from Texas that the Hyde amendment has been in a number of bills that spend tax dollars. I have been in the Appro-priations Committee for nearly 40 years. I am aware of that. But as the distinguished senior Senator from Texas just stated, there are no tax dol-lars in this matter. The way he has drafted this bill, it would take moneys from fines levied against those who are convicted of sex exploitation. 
This would be the first time, to my 
knowledge—and I would stand cor-rected if I am wrong, but I cannot think of a time in the past 40 years that we have applied the Hyde amend-ment to such funds. I think that is probably why—because there are tax dollars in the House companion bill— that the House of Representatives did not include the Hyde amendment. 
I have voted for appropriation bills 
with the Hyde amendment in it so we could move them to the floor. But to go to this expansion when all these dif-ferent groups who have written in to us tell us please don’t do this, and the groups who actually work with vic-tims—they say don’t include it. I agree with them. 
I think there can be a way forward. 
We came together in this body to pass the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, with the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act as an amendment. We worked for some time, but we passed it. 
I also want to say that—again, based 
on my experience here—I cannot think of a time, whether the Senate was under Democratic control or Repub-lican control, that a piece of legisla-tion has been used like this to hold up a key member of the President’s Cabi-net. Loretta Lynch has been held up longer than the past four Attorney General nominees—four men—put to-gether. She is still being held up. I think that is unfortunate. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would 
say to my friend and colleague, the Senator from Vermont, whom I have worked with closely on a number of pieces of legislation and whom I would love to be able to work with to find a solution to the current impasse that we have on this legislation—I would say to my friend that if the objection is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.042 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1618 March 18, 2015 
that this fund is not subject to the ap-
propriations process, then that is something we ought to discuss and talk about. 
Why the fund is so important to me 
is because the fines and penalties that go into this save the taxpayers money. It actually takes the money from the people who create the demand and uses that to help heal and save and rescue the victims. 
I guess I would have a little dif-
ference of opinion—and maybe it is just 
semantics—that once the fines and penalties are paid to the Treasury, my view is they become public dollars al-though they technically aren’t derived from taxes, per se. But beyond that point, I would say once this money is paid into the fund, I think we could come up with a mechanism that would then allow the Appropriations Com-mittee to play its traditional role in di-recting the money to the purposes for which Congress designates. And I know, as a long-time member of the Appropriations Committee, the Sen-ator believes—and I respect—that is an important part of the process. 
It is important, though, to note that 
this would still be subject to the same rule which has prevailed for 39 years, and that is the Hyde amendment. Here is where I don’t understand the prin-ciple of the objection—because the Hyde amendment has an exception, as the Senator knows, for the physical health and mental health of the moth-er, as certified by a physician, and also in cases of rape. I can’t imagine any case where a potential beneficiary of this fund would be excluded from serv-ices that would be allowed under the legislation as written. But I would say if the Senator thinks that might be a fruitful area for us to continue con-versations and to figure a way to struc-ture this so that it would be subject to an annual appropriation process—sub-ject to those limitations that have pre-vailed now since 1976—I think there might be some room for discussion. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Ms. W
ARREN per-
taining to the introduction of S. 793 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Ms. WARREN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
was here for nearly 3 hours this morn-ing when there was some spare time on the floor to get us refocused on the issue at hand, which is the issue of the victims of sex trafficking. 
As I noted this morning, this is now 
the third biggest criminal enterprise in the world. The first is illegal drugs, the second illegal guns, and the third is the illegal sale of children. The average age of a victim of sex trafficking is 12 years old—not even old enough to go to their first prom or not even old enough to get a driver’s license. That is what we are talking about here. 
As I said, we have seen it in every 
part of the country. Just last week, there was a case out of Rochester, MN, of a 12-year-old girl who was charged by the U.S. Attorney’s office. She got a text and went to a McDonald’s parking lot. She thought she was going to go to a party. She got shoved in a car and got brought up to the Twin Cities, got raped. Sexually explicit pictures were taken and posted on Craigslist by the pimp. She was sold for sex to two men, raped by two men. Finally, the guys got caught and they have charged the case. So that is what we are talking about here. 
I know there are disagreements on 
the issues of our time, whether they are the issues of our economy and the budget fight that is going to be coming up next week, or whether it is the issues of foreign relations, but there shouldn’t be a disagreement about this. This is a bipartisan bill. There is a pro-vision in this bill that I don’t believe needs to be in this bill. There are some potential solutions here and I hope my colleagues are talking about them. 
We have to refocus our efforts on 
what matters. That is what we have to remember. I am tired of looking back at who is blaming who and whose fault it is and now, somehow, it has gotten tied to the confirmation of the next At-torney General of the United States. This makes no sense at all. If these issues are connected at all, it is simply because the Attorney General of the United States helps to enforce the sex trafficking laws. Their office some-times takes on Federal cases such as we saw in the oil patch of North Da-kota. They enforce our other laws, such as what we care about right now in Minnesota where we have had a number of people indicted for going to help ISIS, or we have had 20 people in-dicted and 9 convictions for helping al- Shabaab, and here we have an Attorney General who is immensely qualified and who literally has the highest num-ber out of her office of terrorism pros-ecutions in the Nation. So let’s just get Loretta Lynch confirmed. That is for starters. 
As to this bill, I would like to see a 
different tone as we discuss it. I would like to see people on both sides of the aisle talk about solutions and remem-ber what we are dealing with here. We have been able to deal with this issue on other bills. I don’t understand why we can’t deal with it on this bill. Are 
these girls less important? Is this something that can just be a political football back and forth? I don’t think so. 
I want to remind people that in addi-
tion to the bill that is on the floor, Senator C
ORNYN ’s bill, which sets up a 
victims fund, there is another bill, and that is the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act. That is my bill. Sen-ator C
ORNYN is the cosponsor. There 
are 19 bipartisan cosponsors. It is a bill that went through the Judiciary Com-mittee a few weeks ago—unanimously on the vote. Every single Senator voted for it. A similar version led by Rep-resentative E
RIKPAULSEN of Minnesota 
has gone through the House. I like ours a little better because it includes a na-tional sex trafficking strategy. Those two bills will be easily resolved to get this done. 
My hope is—my bill is supposed to be 
the first amendment once we can go on to this bill, once we get the fix of the bill—the provision of the bill that is in controversy. I want to remind people that this bill is equally important. It sets a standard—the safe harbor bill— so other States will start looking at Minnesota and what about 15 other States have done. It says these 12-year- olds are not criminals; they are vic-tims. 
How can you say a 12-year-old is a 
criminal? They are victims. Once you start thinking like that, it changes the way you handle the cases. As a former prosecutor, what matters to me is that when you change the way you look at the case, you have a better case be-cause then you have a victim who feels they have some place to go—a shelter. They can get a job. They can get an education. They are much more likely to turn on the pimp and to turn on the perpetrator that is running the sex ring. 
In Minnesota, last year we got a 40- 
year sentence against a guy. John Choi, the chief attorney for Ramsey County, got a guy that was running one of these rings. That is what is going on here when we talk about this bill and the importance of passing this bill. 
We have the 20 women Senators who 
came together and asked for a hearing on sex trafficking. We got that done. Now is the time where I hope we can come together and resolve this. 
So one of the things I have taken to 
doing is reading Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn’s great book ‘‘Half the Sky.’’ 
‘‘Half the Sky’’ refers to women hold-
ing up half the sky. It refers to the fact that we have countries and systems that marginalize women and don’t treat them as equal. This is not good for our world. 
We have seen countries that do it the 
worst, that treat them as sex slaves, that allow that to happen. Those coun-tries tend to have very poor human rights records. They tend not to be good partners for our country. If we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.047 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1619 March 18, 2015 
want to lead the way for the world, we 
have to start on our own turf, where 86 percent of the victims in sex traf-ficking in the United States are from the United States. 
If we are going to reach out to other 
countries, such as H
EIDI HEITKAMP , 
Cindy McCain, and I did last spring— we went down to Mexico to work with them on some of the issues of cases on which they have actually helped in the United States with the U.S. attorney’s office. We need to be able to show that our country is doing the right thing, and this is an opportunity to do that. 
So I have been reading from this 
book in part in the hope that we can change the tone and remember who we are here to protect. It is also a great book. They have actually written an-other book as well that is focused on domestic sex trafficking that I will be reading from tomorrow as well. 
I note this is not an official fili-
buster, but whenever I have time and there is time on the floor, I am simply going to come down here to remind people of the importance of getting this bill done. 
So we are talking in the book—I was 
in the chapter on ‘‘Prohibition and Prostitution.’’ I talked about the fact that ‘‘the tools to crush modern slav-ery’’—I am reading from the book— ‘‘but the political will is lacking.’’ 
That seems to be what is going on in 
this Chamber when extraneous bills are in the way of getting this done. When my Republican coauthor over in the House has said that these kinds of poli-tics don’t belong on these bills, I agree. 
The tools to crush modern slavery exist, 
but the political will is lacking. That must be the starting point of any abolitionist movement. We’re not arguing that West-erners should take up this cause because it’s the fault of the West; Western men do not play a central role in prostitution in most poor countries. True, American and Euro-pean sex tourists are part of the problem in Thailand, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, and Belize, but they are still only a small per-centage of the johns. The vast majority are local men. Moreover, Western men usually go with girls who are more or less voluntary prostitutes, because they want to take the girls back to their hotel rooms, while forced prostitutes are not normally allowed out of the brothels. So this is not a case where we in the West have a responsibility to lead be-cause we’re the source of the problem. Rath-er, we single out the West because, even though we’re peripheral to the slavery, our action is necessary to overcome a horrific evil. 
So that is my argument here, that by 
doing something here in this Chamber and by showing that we care about these girls in the United States, then we show we care internationally and it should be a major tenet of our foreign policy. 
One reason the modern abolitionist move-
ment hasn’t been more effective is the divi-sive politics of prostitution. 
I talked about this earlier today. The 
issue that we have is that a number of people way back—including the late great Senator Paul Wellstone of Min-nesota, Senator Brownback of Kansas, Hillary Rodham Clinton, C
AROLYN  
MALONEY , whom I just left on the Joint 
Economic Committee, and George W. Bush—showed great leadership in this area. So we have seen time and again people being able to come together across party lines to get this done. 
So they talk about how things have 
changed, and they say that ‘‘over time, we’ve changed our minds’’ about how we look at this. They talk about the fact that it used to be: Well, let’s legal-ize prostitution and regulate. That will really work. I think we have learned that it will never really work. It doesn’t work in those countries that have tried it, and it certainly doesn’t work for these young girls who are vic-tims of the sex trade. So they talk about how we, in fact, through law en-forcement, need to go after the profits and we have to take this on. That is what the bills we are considering help to do. They give State and local pros-ecutors and shelters the tools that they need. 
They say: 
We won’t eliminate prostitution. In Iran, 
brothels are strictly banned, and the mayor of Tehran was a law-and-order hard-liner until, according to Iranian news accounts, he was arrested in a police raid on a brothel where he was in the company of six naked prostitutes. So crackdowns don’t work per-fectly, but they tend to lead nervous police to demand higher bribes, which reduces prof-itability for the pimps. Or the police will close down at least those brothels that aren’t managed by other police officers. With such methods, we can almost certainly re-duce the number of fourteen-year-old girls who are held in cages until they die of AIDS. 
This is happening in our world. 
‘‘It’s pretty doable,’’ says Gary Haugen, 
who runs International Justice Mission. ‘‘You don’t have to arrest everybody. You just have to get enough that it sends a ripple effect and changes the calculations. That changes the pimps’ behavior. You can drive traffickers of virgin village girls to fence stolen radios instead.’’ 
Many liberals and feminists are taken 
aback by the big stick approach we advocate, arguing that it just drives sex establish-ments underground. They argue instead for a legalize-and-regulate model based on em-powerment of sex workers, and they cite a success: The Sonagachi Project. 
Sonagachi, which means ‘‘golden tree,’’ is 
a sprawling red-light district in Kolkata. In the 1700s and 1800s, it had been a legendary locale for concubines. Today it has hundreds of multistory brothels built along narrow alleys, housing more than six thousand pros-titutes. In the early 1990s, health experts were deeply concerned about the spread of AIDS in India, and in 1992 they started [this project]. . . . A key element was to nurture a union of sex workers . . . which would en-courage condom use and thus reduce the spread of AIDS through prostitution. 
DMSC seemed successful in encouraging 
the use of condoms. It publicized its role as a pragmatic solution to the public health problems of prostitution. One study found [this project] increased . . . condom use by 25 percent. 
They go on to explain it. 
But then they say—and this is key to 
our approach to trying not to allow prostitution to continue: 
As we probed the numbers, however, we 
saw that they were flimsier than they at first appeared. HIV prevalence was 
inexplicably high among new arrivals . . . 27.7 percent among sex workers aged twenty or younger. Research had also shown that, initially, all sex workers interviewed . . . claimed to use condoms nearly all the time. But when pressed, they admitted lower rates. ...  
This goes on and they talk about the 
problem with this. What we are talking about here is underage girls and what is really going on. 
I am going to quote from one story 
they told when they went to this broth-el. 
While the madam spoke with others in the 
room, gushing about the group’s success, the three of us on the bed asked the prostitute in Hindi to tell us if those things were true. Afraid and timid, the prostitute remained si-lent until we assured her that we wouldn’t get her in trouble. Barely audible, she told us that almost none of the prostitutes . . . came with aspirations of being a sex worker. Most of them like herself were trafficked. . . . When I asked her if she wanted to leave Sonagachi, her eyes lit up; before she could say anything, the DMSC official put her hand on my back and said that it was time to move on. . . . 
These are stories about how it 
doesn’t really work to have this model of allowing the prostitution to con-tinue and regulate. 
In the developing world, however, this dif-
ficult, polarizing debate is mostly just a dis-traction. In India, for example, brothels are technically illegal—but, as we said earlier, they are ubiquitous—the same is true in Cambodia. In poor countries, the law is often irrelevant, particularly outside the capital. Our focus has to be on changing reality, not changing laws. 
Congress took an important step in that 
direction in 2000 by requiring the State De-partment to put out an annual Trafficking in Persons report—the TIP report. 
I will remind again that this was 
done on a bipartisan basis. We didn’t see the kind of fights we are having now because people decided that here is one thing that we could agree on—from Paul Wellstone to Sam Brownback— and that perhaps without having out-side political debates, we can agree that we do not want young girls aged 12 to be sex trafficked. 
What did this report do? 
The report ranks countries according to 
how they tackle trafficking, and those in the lowest tier are sanctioned. This meant that for the first time U.S. embassies abroad had to gather information on trafficking. Amer-ican diplomats began holding discussions with their foreign ministry counterparts, who then had to add trafficking to the list of major concerns such as proliferation and ter-rorism. As a result, the foreign ministries made inquiries of the national police agen-cies. 
Simply asking questions put the issue on 
the agenda. Countries began passing laws, staging crackdowns, and compiling fact sheets. Pimps found that the cost of bribing police went up, eroding their profit margins. 
This approach can be taken further. Within 
the State Department, the trafficking office has been marginalized, even relegated to an-other building. If the secretary of state pub-licly and actively embraced the trafficking office— 
I think we see this has happened 
since this book was written—since 2009 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.049 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1620 March 18, 2015 
under Secretary Clinton and Secretary 
Kerry. 
. . . that would elevate the issue’s profile. 
The President could visit a shelter . . . 
And, by the way, that is something 
that H EIDI HEITKAMP , Cindy McCain, 
and I did when we went to Mexico. 
Europe should have made trafficking an 
issue in negotiating the accession of Eastern European countries wishing to enter the Eu-ropean Union, and it can still make this an issue for Turkey in that regard. 
The big-stick approach should focus in par-
ticular on the sale of virgins. Such trans-actions, particularly in Asia, account for a disproportionate share of trafficker profits and kidnappings of young teenagers. And the girls, once raped, frequently resign them-selves to being prostitutes until they die. It is often rich Asians, particularly overseas Chinese, who are doing the buying—put a few of them in jail, and good things will happen: The market for virgins will quickly shrink, their price will drop, gangs will shift to less risky and more profitable lines of business, the average age of prostitutes will rise some-what, and the degree of compulsion in pros-titution will diminish as well. 
This is from ‘‘Half the Sky,’’ written 
by New York Times reporter Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn. They have a more recent book that they have written called ‘‘A Path Appears,’’ and this is about domestic prostitution, which I will also be reading from. But I thought I would start that tomorrow, as we continue to focus on this, so peo-ple understand what we are really talk-ing about. 
As we all know, the bills before the 
Senate today are about domestic traf-ficking. They are about what is hap-pening in the United States right now in every town in this country. 
We talked earlier this morning about 
why this is happening, why we are see-ing this kind of increase, and we are talking about it more. The reason is that more and more because of the Internet people can anonymously ad-vertise. They can send instant mes-sages and texts. It is just more hidden, and it is harder to track down for law enforcement. That is part of why we are seeing this going on right now and why this is such a major issue in our country. 
I would tie it into our international 
theme, because, again, first of all, we have a percentage of these victims— mostly girls—who come from foreign countries. So it matters to us what goes on in foreign countries with their law, which is the focus of ‘‘Half the Sky.’’ 
But it also matters to us because we 
want a better world, and we want these countries to do better. We don’t want to put all our money in military spend-ing. We want these countries to become democracies, to become trading part-ners, to become places that we can work with. Instead, if we allow these girls to be subjugated and we allow them to be chattel and we allow them to be treated like slaves, they are never going to get the kind of democ-racy that we want them to get to and that will allow for a better country. You are not going to have a woman elected to the Senate in one of these 
countries if they believe that women can be treated as chattel, as we are see-ing in so many of these places. 
So I am going to go to the next part 
of the chapter, which is called ‘‘Res-cuing Girls Is the Easy Part.’’ 
We became slave owners in the twenty- 
first century the old-fashioned way: We paid cash in exchange for two slave girls and a couple of receipts. The girls were then ours to do with as we liked. 
Rescuing girls from brothels is the easy 
part, however. The challenge is keeping them from returning. The stigma that the girls feel in their communities after being freed, coupled with drug dependencies or threats from pimps, often lead them to re-turn to the red-light district. It’s emotion-ally dispiriting for well-meaning aid workers who oversee a brothel raid to take the girls back to a shelter and give them food and medical care, only to see the girls climb over the back wall. 
That is what I talked about earlier. 
That is why, when we look at it from a U.S. perspective, what these bills focus on is trying to turn these girls’ lives around and trying to set that standard. We are not mandating it in other States; we are simply creating some in-centives and giving them some funding so that States can start doing these cases in a different way and start see-ing them as victims and making it easier to go after the people who are running the ring. 
Back to the book: 
Our unusual purchase came about when 
Nick— 
Referring here to Nick Kristof— 
traveled with Naka Nathaniel, then a New York Times videographer, to an area in northwestern Cambodia notorious for its criminality. Nick and Naka arrived at the town of Poipet and checked into an $8-a- night guest house that doubled as a brothel. They focused their interviews on two teen-age girls, Srey Neth and Srey Momm, each in a different brothel. 
Neth was very pretty, short and light- 
skinned. She looked fourteen or fifteen, but she thought she was older than that; she had no idea of her actual birth date. A woman pimp brought her to Nick’s room, and she sat on the bed, quivering with fear. She had been in the brothel only a month, and Nick would have been her first foreign customer. Nick needed his interpreter present in the room as well, and this puzzled the pimp, who never-theless accommodated. 
Black hair fell over Neth’s shoulders and 
onto her tight pink T-shirt. Below, she wore equally tight blue jeans, and sandals. Neth had plump cheeks, but the best of her was thin and fragile; thick makeup caked her face in a way that seemed incongruous, as if she were a child who had played with her mother’s cosmetics. 
After some awkward conversation through 
the interpreter, as Nick asked Neth about how she had grown up and about her family, she began to calm down. She stopped trem-bling and mostly looked in the direction of the television in the corner of the room, which Nick had put on to muffle the sound of their voices. She responded to questions briefly and without interest. 
Now we have been joined—I am going 
to stop reading from the book for a while. Senator F
EINSTEIN has come to 
the floor. Senator F EINSTEIN has been a 
true leader on this issue of sex traf-ficking. She is a senior member of the 
Judiciary Committee—the only other woman on the Judiciary Committee be-sides me, with, I think, 20-some guys. She knows how important this issue is. I know she is going to talk a little bit about that as well as some other things. I welcome her to the floor. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Cali-
fornia. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for such time as I may consume. 
As Senator K
LOBUCHAR stated, I come 
to the floor to speak on the sex traf-ficking bill. I know it is now held up by certain language, which I will go into in the details of my remarks, but brief-ly, I would like to begin by describing the bill’s highlights. The bill clarifies that a person who buys a sex act from a minor or other trafficking victim can be prosecuted under the Federal com-mercial sex trafficking statute. The 
bill authorizes block grants for State and local governments to develop pro-grams to rescue trafficking victims and investigate and prosecute traf-fickers. The bill also includes nearly all of the provisions from the Combat Human Trafficking Act which Senator P
ORTMAN and I introduced in January. 
I am very grateful to the authors— 
Senator K LOBUCHAR , Senator C ORNYN — 
for adding these. Those provisions es-tablish a minimum period of 5 years of supervised release for a person who conspires to violate the commercial sex trafficking statute. 
It would require the Justice Depart-
ment to train on investigating and prosecuting buyers, on seeking restitu-tion, and on connecting victims with health services. It would require re-porting on sex trafficking prosecutions. It would expand wiretap authority to cover all human trafficking offenses. It would expand the rights of crime vic-tims—something I have been interested in since Senator Kyl and I did the Crime Victims’ Bill of Rights. 
The bill, which is not controversial, 
should pass, except for the surrep-titious inclusion—I use this word con-sidered—of a provision that is known as the Hyde amendment. The provision was not included by language but by cross-reference to provisions in another previously enacted appropriations bill. 
Here is what it says: 
Limitations. Amounts in the Fund, or oth-
erwise transferred from the Fund, shall be subject to the limitations on the use or ex-pending of amounts described in sections 506 and 507 of division H of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 409) to the same extent as if amounts in the Fund were funds appropriated under divi-sion H of such Act. 
This provision was not included in 
the bill Senator C ORNYN introduced 
last Congress, which I cosponsored. His staff approached my staff and staffs of other Senators early in 2015. They asked if I would cosponsor again. My staff asked whether the bill was iden-tical to last year’s bill and for an ex-planation of any changes that were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.051 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1621 March 18, 2015 
made. Senator C ORNYN ’s staff then sent 
back an email with a list of changes— seven changes in all. That list did not include the Hyde amendment language that had been added. That language was not mentioned to my staff at any point. 
In other words, an important and 
sensitive change was made to the bill and was not disclosed upon request. That does not excuse us for not catch-ing this, but if you see the complicated and sort of obfuscated nature of this— I am not saying it is intended obfusca-tion, but all of the numbers that are in there—I think it makes it understand-able. 
If the Hyde amendment—which is 
what this is—if that language comes out, this bill will pass easily. 
Let me address for a moment the 
enormous problem we are trying to ad-dress with this bill. Today, high de-mand and easy access fuels a huge amount of sex trafficking. Human traf-ficking today is the second largest criminal industry in the world. It is only behind illegal drugs. 
In 2005, human trafficking was a $32 
billion criminal enterprise. Today, some 9 years later, it is a $150 billion estimate of illegal gains. Two-thirds of the proceeds from human trafficking come from sex trafficking. 
Children as young as 12, 13, and 14 
can be found on the street or over the Internet. It is not an exaggeration to say that this is modern-day slavery. Those victims are moved against their will to cities throughout the country and even to other countries, wherever demand is high. 
Trafficking rings are also run by 
gangs. In San Diego, for example, prof-its are so great and the risk of being caught so minimal that rival gangs do not fight each other over sex traf-ficking, as they do when drugs are in-volved. 
Some traffickers make as much as 
$33,000 per week. These are numbers gathered by the Urban Institute: At-lanta, gross take per trafficker per week, $32,833; Denver, $31,200; Seattle, $18,000; Miami, $17,741; Dallas, $12,025; Washington, DC, $11,588; and San Diego, $11,129. This is weekly gross cash intake per individual trafficker. 
Traffickers lure victims through 
promises of love and money or some-times use an older trafficked girl as a recruiter. Those criminals prey on the most vulnerable children in our soci-ety, including those who are homeless or in the foster care system. They tar-get children who have been victims of sexual abuse. Once they have a victim under their control, they may traffic him or her from city to city based on demand. 
For example, this is a slide of Cali-
fornia. It is from the Orange County Human Trafficking Task Force, and it shows the route traffickers take to move victims around the State of Cali-fornia to meet demand. You can see these circles from Oakland to Sac-ramento and then down into the Inland Empire and then from Los Angeles all 
the way around into the Inland Em-pire. So you can actually track various routes. Orange County did this. The or-ange center here is meant to be Orange County. 
This particular task force is com-
prised of a number of Federal and local law enforcement agencies in Orange County, including Anaheim and Hun-tington Beach police departments, the U.S. Attorney’s Office, the FBI, and the District Attorney’s Office. 
Now, here it comes: Regardless of 
how children are first trafficked, one thing is almost universal—victims will be advertised on the Internet. By one estimate, 76 percent of child sex traf-ficking victims—76 percent of them are sold over the Internet. 
My staff and I have spoken with a 
number of law enforcement officials in California about the Internet’s role in connecting sellers of underage children with buyers. Nearly every single offi-cial we spoke with said the Internet is the primary means to connect sellers with buyers. So this is where we next must take decisive steps to stop sex trafficking. Purveyors of these online ads must be held accountable. Senator K
IRKand I have an amendment that 
will do that. 
There are at least 19 distinct Web 
sites that accept ads relating to traf-ficking underage boys and girls. Here they are: Backpage.com; EscortAds .xxx; ErosAds.com; EscortsInCollege.com; AsianEscortSF.com; EscortsInThe.us; LiveEscortReviews.com; MyProvider Guide.com; EroticMugShots.com; NaughtyReviews.com; EscortPhone List.com; RubAds.com; Eros.com; TheEroticReview.com; RubMaps.com; APerfectSin.com; EscortDater.com; MyRedBook.com; and NightShift.com. Nineteen Web sites act as purveyors of child sex trafficking in this country. They ought to be ashamed of them-selves. 
This site I am going to show you, 
Backpage.com, allows a purveyor to post an advertisement for an escort or a body rub. In fact, nearly all of these ads are for commercial sex acts; many of them depict minors. When you view an ad for an escort or a body rub, you will see pictures of young girls, often with few or no clothes on. 
Now I am going to show you two 
girls. The first is a missing 17-year-old girl. She is here as a runaway. This is a listing of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, a very legitimate organization which I am fully in support of. It is entitled ‘‘En-dangered Runaway,’’ and it is informa-tion about her, her date of birth, her age, her sex, her race, and all of it, and where you can get in touch if you have any information. 
I wish to show how this is also used. 
This is the same girl on Backpage, and this essentially says: 
Hello Texas, 
Are you looking for an unforgettable expe-
rience? Look no further! I am 100% Great service provider! 
I am very down to earth, warm, sensitive, 
passionate, 
and genuinely interested in giving you a 
great experience. 
And it goes on and on. 
This is the same picture of this same 
girl. 
We blocked out the image, and it is 
shocking. It is simply shocking that this is going on to the extent it is in our country, right in a ribald way on the Internet. 
Law enforcement officials and anti- 
trafficking organizations say there are a number of key indicators that allow them to identify ads that are likely for trafficking victims. 
In this advertisement we see three of 
those key indicators. First, the title states the victim is ‘‘New to your City.’’ Anti-trafficking organizations say this is code for being underage. You may also see girls in ads described as ‘‘new,’’ ‘‘fresh,’’ or ‘‘new in town’’ to indicate they are underage. Second, we see a victim is listed from outside the area. Here she is listed as from Miami for a posting that is in the Houston area. 
Third, the victim also has an out-of- 
area phone number. 
Those are three indicators of what 
this ad is for—to sell sex with children. Law enforcement and experts confirm this point. 
The Cook County Sheriff’s Office in 
Illinois found that 100 percent of women claiming to be massage thera-pists or platonic escorts on one Web site, Backpage, were being sold for sex. This isn’t mine, this is the Cook Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office. 
The sheriff’s office set up so-called 
dates with 618 girls via Backpage. All 618 agreed to provide sex for money. 
The sheriff’s office concluded: ‘‘This 
presents irrefutable evidence that Backpage is indeed a haven for pimps and sex solicitors who are victimizing women and girls for their own gain. Any notion that Backpage employs a legitimate business model simply does not stand up to the facts.’’ 
This is a direct letter from Sheriff 
Tom Dart, Cook County, IL. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 
memorandum to Sheriff Tom Dart. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
COOKCOUNTY SHERIFF ’SOFFICE MEMORANDUM  
Date: 6/9/2014. 
To: Sheriff Thomas J. Dart. From: Deputy Chief Michael Anton, Cook 
County Sheriff’s Police. 
Subject: Backpage.com Arrests. 
Per Sheriff Dart’s direction, the Cook 
County Sheriff’s Police Vice Unit has uti-lized Backpage.com as its primary forum for recovering victims of human trafficking in Cook County. Please find our year-to-year Backpage arrest statistics 
Cook County Sheriff’s Police Arrests Off of 
Backpage: 
2009: 142 2010: 108 2011: 63 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.054 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1622 March 18, 2015 
2012: 121 
2013: 135 2014 (through the end of May): 49 Total: 618 
Additionally, the Cook County Sheriff’s 
Police Vice Unit has made 42 arrests for In-voluntary Servitude, Human Trafficking or Prostitution since 2007, with many of those investigations originating from responses to Backpage ads. 
It is important to note that 100% of the 
women claiming to be massage therapists or platonic escorts on Backpage have accepted the offer of money for sex from our under-cover male officers. Our team has set up ‘‘dates’’ with 618 via this website—all 618 have turned out to be prostitutes. This pre-sents irrefutable evidence that Backpage is indeed a haven for pimps and sex solicitors who are victimizing women and girls for their own gain. Any notion that Backpage employs a legitimate business model simply does not stand up to the facts. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. A study of ads 
placed in this year’s Super Bowl in Phoenix concludes that 65 percent of the ads placed on Backpage’s Phoenix Web site around the weekend of the game had indicators that the ad was for a victim of sex trafficking. 
Simply put, there are Internet com-
panies that are profiting off the rape and abuse of children. This must stop. 
One way we can combat sex traf-
ficking over the Internet is to make it a crime for a person such as the owner of a Web site to knowingly advertise a commercial sex act with a minor. As I said, Senator K
IRKand I have intro-
duced such an amendment. It would create a new offense of knowingly ad-vertising a commercial sex act with a minor on the Internet. 
The amendment is identical to a 
House bill that has 52 cosponsors and passed that Chamber by voice vote. 
If we come to a point where we are 
voting on amendments to Senator C
OR-
NYN’s bill, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this amendment, and I know Sen-ator K
IRKand I would bring it to the 
floor. 
Last October, 53 attorneys general of-
fered a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee in support of the bill that Senator K
IRK and I introduced last 
June that is similar to the amendment. This is the list of the attorneys gen-eral. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
letter of 53 attorneys general. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
ATTORNEYS GENERAL , 
Washington, DC, October 20, 2014. 
Hon. P ATRICK LEAHY , 
Chairman, Senate Judiciary Committee, Wash-
ington, DC. 
Hon. C HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Ranking Member, Senate Judiciary Committee, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN LEAHY AND RANKING MEM-
BER GRASSLEY : We, the undersigned state 
and territorial attorneys general, urge you to join us in the fight against human traf-ficking in the United States. We commend your recent action to pass legislation to in-crease federal penalties and victim restitu-tion and encourage you to act to protect children from being trafficked on the Inter-
net by passing S. 2536, the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act (SAVE Act). 
Human trafficking is tied as the second 
largest and is the fastest growing criminal industry in the world, generating roughly $150 billion each year. According to a study of Department of Justice human trafficking task force cases, 83 percent of sex trafficking victims identified in the United States were U.S. citizens. Shockingly, there are numer-ous cases nationally of children being used in prostitution as young as 12. 
Every day, children in the United States 
are sold for sex. The use of the ‘‘adult serv-ices sections’’ on websites such as Backpage.com has created virtual brothels where children are bought and sold using eu-phemistic labels such as ‘‘escorts.’’ The in-volvement of these advertising companies is not accidental—these companies have con-structed their business models around in-come gained from those participating in commercial sex. In just one week this June, law enforcement arrested 281 alleged sex traffickers and took 168 children out of pros-titution in a nationwide FBI crackdown where many child victims were offered for sale on ‘‘escort’’ and other ‘‘adult services’’ websites. Organized crime groups as well as street gangs are involved with human traf-
ficking, and many of these perpetrators use the Internet to sell their victims. 
The undersigned attorneys general respect-
fully request that the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee pass the SAVE Act so that these websites that are facilitating trafficking through their very business model will have to take steps to verify the identity of indi-viduals posting advertisements and the age of those who appear in these advertisements. 
We thank you in advance for your contin-
ued dedication to the eradication of human trafficking. 
Greg Zoeller, Indiana Attorney General; 
Luther Strange, Alabama Attorney General; Tom Horne, Arizona Attorney General; Kamala Harris, California At-torney General; George Jepsen, Con-necticut Attorney General; Irvin Na-than, District of Columbia Attorney General; Robert W. Ferguson, Wash-ington Attorney General; Michael Geraghty, Alaska Attorney General; Dustin McDaniel, Arkansas Attorney General; John W. Suthers, Colorado At-torney General; Joseph R. ‘‘Beau’’ Biden III , Delaware Attorney General; Pamela Jo Bondi, Florida Attorney General; Samuel S. Olens, Georgia At-torney General; David Louie, Hawaii Attorney General; Lisa Madigan, Illi-nois Attorney General; Derek Schmidt, Kansas Attorney General; James ‘‘Buddy’’ Caldwell, Louisiana Attorney General; Douglas F. Gansler, Maryland Attorney General. 
Bill Schuette, Michigan Attorney Gen-
eral; Lenny Rapadas, Guam Attorney General; Lawrence Wasden, Idaho At-torney General; Tom Miller, Iowa At-torney General; Jack Conway, Ken-tucky Attorney General; Janet Mills, Maine Attorney General; Martha Coakley, Massachusetts Attorney Gen-eral; Lori Swanson, Minnesota Attor-ney General; Jim Hood, Mississippi At-torney General; Tim Fox, Montana At-torney General; Catherine Cortez Masto, Nevada Attorney General; John Jay Hoffman, New Jersey Attorney General (Acting); Eric T. Schneiderman, New York Attorney General; Wayne Stenehjem, North Da-kota Attorney General; Michael DeWine, Ohio Attorney General; Chris Koster, Missouri Attorney General; Jon Bruning, Nebraska Attorney General; Joseph Foster, New Hampshire Attor-
ney General. 
Gary King, New Mexico Attorney Gen-
eral; Roy Cooper, North Carolina At-torney General; Gilbert Birnbrich, Northern Mariana Islands Attorney General (Acting); Scott Pruitt, Okla-homa Attorney General; Ellen F. Rosenblum, Oregon Attorney General; Ce´sar R. Mı ´randa Rodriguez, Puerto 
Rico Attorney General; Alan Wilson, South Carolina Attorney General; Her-bert H. Slatery, III, Tennessee Attor-ney General; Sean Reyes, Utah Attor-ney General; Mark R. Herring, Virginia Attorney General; Peter K. Michael, Wyoming Attorney General; Kathleen Kane, Pennsylvania Attorney General; Peter Kilmartin, Rhode Island Attor-ney General; Marty J. Jackley, South Dakota Attorney General; Greg Ab-bott, Texas Attorney General; William H. Sorrell, Vermont Attorney General; Patrick Morrisey, West Virginia Attor-ney General. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. The attorneys gen-
eral wrote: 
The use of the ‘‘adult services sections’’ on 
websites such as Backpage.com has created virtual brothels where children are bought and sold using euphemistic labels such as ‘‘escorts.’’ 
This is a quote from a letter to this 
effect—I don’t want anybody to think this is what I am saying, it is what they are saying. 
The use of the term ‘‘adult services sec-
tions’’ on websites such as Backpage.com has created virtual brothels where children are bought and sold using euphemistic labels such as ‘‘escorts.’’ 
Put simply, if you have knowledge 
that an advertisement placed on your Web site is for commercial sex with a minor, then you should be prosecuted. That is what our amendment would do. 
I have no doubt that prohibiting mis-
conduct by a Web site owner is con-stitutional. As the Supreme Court has held on several occasions: ‘‘Offers to engage in illegal transactions are cat-egorically excluded from First Amend-ment protection.’’ 
In fact, the Supreme Court in 1973 
wrote: ‘‘We have no doubt that a news-paper constitutionally could be forbid-den to publish a want ad proposing a sale of narcotics or soliciting pros-titutes.’’ 
This amendment targets illegal con-
duct—commercial sex with minors— that would not be protected by the First Amendment. 
It imposes liability on Web sites that 
know that their sites are being used to advertise minors for sex. 
In conclusion, the Internet has made 
this industry what it is, the second largest criminal industry in the world, second only to drugs, and it is up to us to do something about it. 
One of our duties in this body is to 
protect the most vulnerable of individ-uals. That includes children, and this is what this amendment does. 
Some say other parts of the bill will 
help stop sex trafficking, and we don’t need to touch the Internet. That makes no sense to me. Seventy-six percent of sales of sex trafficking victims begin on the Internet. So you can just touch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.024 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1623 March 18, 2015 
a small part of it—this touches 76 per-
cent of victims. 
We cannot allow these Web sites to 
continue to operate with impunity. It is time to take a stand, stop the ads, and stop the exploitation of children. 
I look forward to Senator K
IRKcom-
ing to the floor, presenting our amend-ment, assuming we can get past this block. This is so much more important than putting the Hyde amendment, cloaked in difficult language, in this bill, when the House bill doesn’t con-tain it. The House understands that it is going to have difficulty passing it with this in the bill. Why isn’t that recognized in this House? If they take that out, this bill swims through. 
Mr. CORNYN. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I yield to the Sen-
ator. 
Mr. CORNYN. I was in my office and 
watching the Senator on TV, so I thought I would come to the floor and maybe we could get to the bottom of this. There seems to be a ship passing in the night, it seems to me. 
I know the Senator from California 
cares passionately about this issue, and I don’t question that for a moment. It is very clear to me. But I ask the Sen-ator from California, she graciously agreed to cosponsor this legislation? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I did. Mr. CORNYN. She voted for it in the 
Senate Judiciary Committee that passed unanimously. It does contain, on page 50 and 51 of this bill, the lan-guage that the Senator referred to. I saw it on my TV screen in my office, which incorporates the limitation that was contained in the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act of 2014. It incor-porates that into the bill by reference. 
Not only—I believe the Senator voted 
for the bill in committee and cospon-sored it. The Senator also voted for that limitation in the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act of 2014. This is the same or similar language of what was contained in the Affordable Care Act, contained in the Defense authorization bill, and contained in literally every appropriations bill since 1976. 
This is what I would love to have my 
friend, the Senator from California, ex-plain to me: Why is it that it all of a sudden becomes objectionable on this legislation—when you care and I care so passionately about getting help for these victims—that this is the reason to derail the legislation? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Because of what 
this legislation is. This legislation is the raping and the misconduct, sexu-ally, with young girls, girls 14, 15, and 16. What if they are impregnated? Should they be entitled to be able to go and get an abortion? Does this body really want them to be forced to bear somebody else’s child? 
So this offers the opportunity for 
some funding. These aren’t wealthy girls. They don’t live in Beverly Hills, Hyde Park, or any of these places that are prominent. They are on the streets. They are lost, maybe lost mentally, lost physically. They may have been 
abused, and now they are caught up in an industry where they are held hos-tage in the night. 
I have read of some in a neighbor-
hood in my city being handcuffed at night, stripped, so they don’t have clothes and can’t run away. They are put out on the streets, they are watched. They are moved around. If it becomes too hot in one area, they are moved to another. They are moved to another State, and they come from other countries. 
It just seems to me to have this in 
this bill—and, Senator, I have great re-spect for you. I have wanted to work with you on this. I know you are sin-cere. 
It is not in the House bill. So maybe 
the House understands this. I can’t speak for the House. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I am pleased to do 
so. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Otherwise, we are 
going to have to keep addressing ques-tions through the Chair and keep ask-ing for permission. I think it is great to have an honest conversation with my friend. 
So it is clear that the Senator from 
California has voted for this restriction on use of taxpayer funding for abor-tions previously, correct? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Not to my knowl-
edge. Let me put it that way. Now you can blame me and say I should have known—I am not the only one on our committee, Senator, who is in this po-sition, either, who communicated with your staff and was under the impres-sion that the bill was identical to last year, with the exception of seven pieces, which are not this. The seven were detailed to us. 
Mr. CORNYN. I am not going to en-
gage in a debate about whether the Senator should have known or how she voted in the past. I believe the record would demonstrate that she and others voted for the Affordable Care Act, which actually National Abortion Rights Action League says is an expan-sion of the Hyde amendment. 
I ask the Senator, you rightly point 
out that these child victims of sexual assault will have been raped, either statutory rape—they are below the age of consent—or they are adults and they have been assaulted, criminally as-saulted. 
Isn’t it your understanding of the 
Hyde amendment that the exclusion to the Hyde amendment would still allow them to gain access to the services that you believe they need or deserve? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Yes. I think that is 
correct. I suppose we could change this to have a rape implication, but the gauntlet has been thrown down. And it is not up to me alone to remove it. There was no open discussion in our 
committee when we discussed this that there was a highly sensitive issue in it, Senator. 
Now, I will plead mea culpa. And 
guess what. I will wave a whip and get my staff and say: Look henceforth at every code change. But my colleague and I both know that occasionally things slip through. I will plead mea culpa on that. But once I found out, I had an obligation to do something about it. 
So I am pleading with my colleague, 
let’s just take it out. Let’s just pass this bill. Let’s put the Kirk-Feinstein amendment in. Let’s go after the Inter-net purveyors. Let’s go after 19 sites that put pictures of girls 12, 13, and 14 to be sold all around the United States, to be sold after big football games in various areas of the country. Let’s go after them. Isn’t that more important? 
I would like to ask my colleague a 
question. 
Mr. CORNYN. That is the reason I 
am so confused by the filibuster of this legislation by people, including my friend, who are cosponsors of the legis-lation and who already voted for it. 
I am not about pointing fingers in 
terms of what staff or Members should have read or understood about the leg-islation, but I believe the reason it was not debated at the Judiciary Com-mittee level is because it had become a routine matter since 1976, when the Hyde amendment was passed. Every ap-propriation of Labor-HHS or other funding that could arguably use tax dollars for abortions has been limited by the Hyde amendment language. 
I had a couple of Senators in my of-
fice yesterday afternoon who are 
proudly pro-choice. I am proudly pro- life. But even my pro-choice friends said we still believe taxpayer funds should not be used for abortions except in the case of rape or to protect the health of the victim. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Well, why then, if I 
may ask a question, respectfully. 
Mr. CORNYN. Sure. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Why isn’t it in the 
House language? 
Mr. CORNYN. I would say to my 
friend that I can’t vouch for the House’s product. I can just say what the Congress as a whole has done since 1976, and it has limited the expenditure of funds for this purpose under the terms of the Hyde amendment. 
That was the reason we referred in 
the legislation, on page 50, which my colleague has blown up here, referring to the language in the Committee on Appropriations, which I am confident my friend, the Senator from California, voted for, just as she did in the limita-tion that was contained in the Afford-able Care Act and all the other times that Hyde has been part of our process. This has become so unremarkable and so routine that it hardly seems like something someone would point out be-cause this language doesn’t change the status quo at all. 
So we have talked about ways to get 
past this impasse, and I would just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.059 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1624 March 18, 2015 
have to say I think abandoning the 
Hyde amendment would be a dramatic mistake and something I am not will-ing to be a part of. It has become this one area, in a divisive area of abortion, where there has been bipartisan con-sensus for 39 years, at least to the point it has remained the law of the land effectively. To take it out and say somehow we are going to depart from that today or this week would, to me, be a dramatic expansion of taxpayer funding for this purpose that I can’t support. 
So I would say, if there are ways we 
can deal with this fund, as a fund that can be appropriated on an annual basis subject to the normal restrictions— that is something I talked about with the ranking member, our friend from Vermont, that possibility—I think there are ways we might be able to get to a solution. But stripping out this limitation, which has been the law of the land for 39 years, is not acceptable because it would represent a huge ex-pansion on the use of taxpayer funding for abortions in ways many of my pro- choice friends don’t support. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Well, I guess I dis-
agree with that. Those of us who be-lieve a woman should control her own reproductive system, in concert with her family and her doctor, have objec-tion to the government getting in-volved and telling us what to do. It is actually not your reproductive sys-tem—and I say ‘‘you’’ generically, as a man—it is our reproductive system. In a sense this has been a battle for our identity. 
I sat on a term-setting and paroling 
authority in California in the 1960s, when abortion was illegal. I sentenced women to State prison for abortion. It had then an indeterminate sentence of between 6 months and 10 years. I saw abortionists come back to prison. I asked one, when I was setting the sen-tence: Why do you keep doing this? Her first name was Anita. And she said: Be-cause I feel so sorry for the women. 
That was the way it was. I remember 
passing the plate at Stanford for a young woman to go to Tijuana for an abortion. The morbidity that was done to women through back-alley abor-tions, this has opened a Pandora’s box of big emotional issues for women. 
As to the Hyde amendment, if there 
is rape and you can prove it, that is right; and then there is a 12-year-old, a 13-year-old who is out on the streets as a prostitute, which is a different thing—sort of the same but sort of dif-ferent. The overwhelming evil of this trade overcomes any of this, because you take a young woman, and you probably change their life for the worse for the rest of her life. 
Imagine your daughter being out on 
the street; my daughter, my grand-daughters being out on the street like this and what it would do to them being handcuffed and moved and traded around the country and girls brought from Nepal through India, all over Eu-rope. This is what is going on in the world today, and we are sitting here ar-
guing essentially about the avail-ability of an abortion in this area. To me, that is so secondary to the enor-mous harm that is being done. 
I have great respect for my colleague. 
He has been a very distinguished jurist in his State. He makes sense when he speaks on the Judiciary Committee. We have listened to each other for more than a decade now. Let this drop. Let us get on with the work of this bill—and the work of this bill isn’t completed until we get some of the amendments that relate to the bill— and then I think we can debate this an-other day. 
I would say I plead a mea culpa. I 
wish I had known. All I can say is I did not know. Is that my fault? Probably. But I didn’t know. So if you don’t know, and you make a mistake, isn’t the right thing to try to set that right? That is what we have tried to do, and women on our side, and some on my colleague’s side, feel very strongly about this. 
My colleague knows over the years 
we have lost virtually every battle that has been on this floor and we are tired of it. So we are taking a stand and we are going to hold that stand. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I obvi-
ously don’t agree with my friend from California, but I respect her for answer-ing the questions I have posed here today. I just find it a terrible shame we are going to relitigate what has been the law of the land for 39 years on this bill in a way that would block help to the very people I know the Senator from California cares so passionately about. 
If we are going to undo the Hyde 
amendment, which the Senator has voted for in some form or another re-peatedly over the years, then we are not going to make any progress. If we can find some other way to structure the funds so the appropriators will have a more direct role in appro-priating the fines and penalties paid into this fund on an annual basis, I think maybe there is some room to talk. But I thank the Senator for her courtesy in answering my questions. I am sorry we find ourselves at this log-gerhead, but I hope at some point that can be resolved. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. May I say one 
more thing? It is my understanding— breaking news coming here—that there is no language in Federal statute on sex trafficking that defines a traf-ficking survivor as a victim of rape. So the victim would have to prove she is a victim of rape. 
Now, look at what happens. I don’t 
know if in my colleague’s legal career it took him close to very young vic-tims of this who cover up and who don’t want to let people know. I am sure my colleague knows all of the vi-cissitudes, the hard life. We are asking someone to prove it. 
Mr. CORNYN. I would say to my 
friend that when I was attorney gen-eral of Texas for 4 years, I had respon-sibility for administering the Crime 
Victims’ Compensation Fund as part of my duties of office, and we worked very directly with victims groups, including those who took care of very young chil-dren who had been sexually assaulted, sometimes by members of their own family—just the worst, the most rep-rehensible sorts of crimes. 
But if I can ask the Senator just one 
last question. Of course, we have had the procedural vote on the floor, twice now, where Democrats have blocked our ability to both vote on amend-ments, including amendments the Sen-ator may have with the Senator from Illinois, Mr. K
IRK. Why is there an ob-
jection to processing those amend-ments and allowing the Senate to work its will? Why can’t we vote on them? Why can’t the Democratic minority take up the majority leader’s offer for a vote to strip the language out that your side objects to? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Can I answer that 
as honestly as I feel? 
Mr. CORNYN. I wish the Senator 
would. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Because there are 
many of us who believe this is one small step for womankind. It is one battle we can win, and we have had loss after loss after loss. 
You know, many of us ran on the 
right to choose. I was one of them. I am old enough to have seen the way it was before, to have sentenced women who committed illegal abortions with coat hangers. That is sort of the sys-temic root of all of this. It is our his-tory, Senator. We are trying to change that history, and we keep losing. So there is one small thing in this. 
My colleague is right, we didn’t see 
it, and we have to live with that. I un-derstand that. But now we see it and we are trying to do something about it and, thankfully, our party is standing up with us. So we say make that small change and we pass this bill, and maybe we can even strengthen it with amendments. 
My colleague has done a superior job 
in putting the bill together. Let it go. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would 
just say, in conclusion, that I think it is a terrible shame that my colleague’s side of the aisle has decided to take this bill hostage to try to litigate something that has been the law of the land for 39 years. I understand she feels passionately about it. I don’t question that for a minute—the sincerity of my colleague’s deeply held personal views. 
But why in the world would my col-
leagues take as a hostage a piece of legislation that is going to help those 100,000 children who are sex-trafficked each year? Why should they suffer so my colleagues can make a point on this particular piece of legislation? 
I don’t understand that and I think it 
is a terrible shame. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Well, let me an-
swer a question with a question. Why doesn’t my colleague just take it out? It is not in the House bill. Then we don’t have to conference it, we don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.060 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1625 March 18, 2015 
have to have another fight, we can get 
the amendments in the bill to strengthen the bill, and we can move on, with the two parties together doing something that is right for the Nation. Why don’t we do it? 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would 
say to my friend, I don’t blame her for asking, but why in the world would we change settled law for 39 years in order to accommodate the minority’s view on this bill, and to change, as I said, what has been the law of the land? 
Since the Senator voted for this very 
language previously this year in the Judiciary Committee—since she co-sponsored it, I don’t really understand it since she voted for the legislation that is referred to here that has that amendment. Does the Senator see this as breaking new ground? Is she trying to expand or eliminate the Hyde amendment? 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I see it for stand-
ing up for a principle. I know some-thing about these girls. I know some-thing about the history of abortion in this country. I am old enough to have gone through it and know that I don’t want to go back to those days. I don’t want young women who take the law now so much for granted to have to re-turn back. 
This is just one small step. There is 
nothing wrong with accommodating the minority on what is a relatively small point. In the House, 435 people over there didn’t want it in. So why not accommodate the minority? The Senator just comes out a bigger person. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would 
say to my friend I appreciate her cour-tesy and her indulgence in having this conversation. I also feel on principle this limitation on tax dollars is an ap-propriate one. I understand the Sen-ator disagrees and she would like to eliminate this from this point forward. But I am simply unable on principle to accommodate the Senator in that re-quest. 
As I said, I do appreciate her cour-
tesy. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I appreciate it, 
too. And I appreciate the discussion. Principle doesn’t know minority and majority. Principle is deeply held. 
I thank the Senator very much. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
DEMOCRACY RESTORATION ACT 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I sup-
port the Democracy Restoration Act. This important legislation would re-store a voice in our democracy for mil-
lions of Americans who cannot vote simply because they have a criminal conviction. I thank Senator C
ARDIN for 
his leadership on this issue. I am hon-ored to be an original cosponsor of this important criminal justice reform leg-islation. 
The right to vote for all is a principle 
that goes to the very heart of all de-mocracy. Voting is a fundamental right because it is the right from which all other rights derive. Participation in the political process is about giving a voice to the voiceless. It is about who we are as a Nation and whether we want citizens that contribute to our so-ciety to have a say in who represents them in the Federal Government. 
The road to extend voting rights to 
all Americans has been long and not without bumps. Our country was found-ed at a time when African Americans were denied the right to vote. For over a hundred years, we silenced entire populations of Americans and deemed them unworthy of participating in the political process merely because of their race. 
During his famous Gettysburg Ad-
dress, President Lincoln called for the country to have a ‘‘new birth of free-dom.’’ After the Civil War, the States ratified the Civil War Amendments to the Constitution to honor President Lincoln’s promise. One of those amend-ments, the Fifteenth Amendment, gave African Americans the right to vote. Decades later, the Nineteenth Amend-ment gave women suffrage. 
Despite this progress, many States 
passed laws during the Jim Crow era to disenfranchise African Americans, in-cluding literacy tests, poll taxes, and grandfather clauses. These States also passed laws that banned people with certain convictions from voting. With the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, many of these State disenfranchising laws were outlawed. But the ban on voting for people with certain convictions was not touched and it remains the law in many States. 
Today, 35 States restrict voting 
rights of persons who were formerly in-carcerated. In fact, felony disenfran-chisement laws prevent 5.85 million Americans from voting. This is a stag-gering number of Americans that do not have a say in our political process. 
Punishment is a legitimate goal of 
our justice system. But once someone has served their time and been re-leased, we must help our fellow citizens get back on their feet. As President George W. Bush said in his State of the Union Address in 2004, ‘‘America is the land of second chance, and when the gates of the prison open, the path ahead should lead to a better life.’’ To further punish people who are back in the community by denying them the right to vote counters the expectation that citizens have rehabilitated them-selves after a conviction. 
The Democracy Restoration Act 
would restore voting rights in Federal elections to millions of disenfranchised Americans who have been released 
from prison. It would require prisons receiving Federal funds notify people about their right to vote in Federal elections upon leaving prison or being sentenced to probation. It would em-power the Department of Justice and former offenders harmed by a violation of this legislation with the right to sue. 
This bill corrects a civil rights 
wrong. It would sweep away the last vestige of Jim Crow laws. It would out-law State disenfranchisement laws that have a disparate impact on racial minorities. It would provide a uniform standard to govern the restoration of voting rights. 
This bill reforms the criminal justice 
system. Every year, over 600,000 people leave prison. We must find ways to re-integrate them back into the commu-nity. Civic participation gives ex-of-fenders a stake in government, which motivates law-abiding behavior and re-duces the likelihood of future crimes. No evidence exists that denying voting rights to people after release from pris-on reduces crime. To the contrary, it makes sense that people who have paid their debt to society should reclaim their rights. 
This bill builds off of the progress in 
the States. Recently, 8 States have ei-ther repealed or amended lifetime dis-enfranchisement laws. Two states ex-panded voting rights to persons on pro-bation or parole. Ten States eased the restoration process for people seeking to have their right to vote restored after the completion of their sentence. The Federal Government should follow their lead. 
Nothing is more powerful than an 
idea whose time has come. This Con-gress can remedy the barriers to full citizenship faced by millions of for-merly incarcerated people in our coun-try, if this bill is enacted into law. Re-storing the right to vote is good public policy. 
To protect basic public safety and 
strengthen the core of our democracy, I urge my fellow Senators to support the Democracy Restoration Act and quickly pass this important legisla-tion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NANCIE 
ATWELL 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the inspiring accomplish-ments of Nancie Atwell from Southport, ME, who was awarded the first Global Teacher Prize by the Varkey Foundation. This inter-national, nonprofit organization is committed to improving the quality of education worldwide. Nancie’s selec-tion as the foundation’s first ever prize recipient is a testament to her out-standing contributions to the teaching profession and her effect on countless students and teachers. The $1 million prize was awarded at a ceremony in Dubai attended by former President Bill Clinton and Sheikh Mohammed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.061 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1626 March 18, 2015 
bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Prime Min-
ister of the United Arab Emirates. 
Heralded as the ‘‘Nobel Prize of 
Teaching,’’ the prestigious Global Teacher Prize shines a spotlight on the critical role that teachers play in our society. Nancie was selected from more than 5,000 nominations received from 120 countries. The candidates were evaluated based on their innovative teaching practices, including their ability to prepare students to be global citizens. 
The pool of thousands was narrowed 
down to a group of 10 remarkable nomi-nees, including teachers from Afghani-stan, India, Kenya, Haiti, Malaysia, Cambodia, and the United States. Within this elite group, Nancie Atwell rose above the rest. Nancie has been a teacher since 1973. In 1990, she used money from her own pocket to found the Center for Teaching & Learning, an independent demonstration school that educates students from kindergarten through eighth grade in the small town of Edgecomb. Her vision was to foster a more meaningful education for Maine students. The center serves a close- knit population of approximately 75 students who travel from several sur-rounding towns because they are at-tracted to the school’s small class sizes, research-based curriculum, and teacher outreach programs. 
In a gesture that exemplifies her deep 
commitment to her students, Nancie announced that she intends to donate every last penny of the $1 million prize back to her school to support its re-sources, scholarships, library, and to replace its worn out furnace. 
Nancie, who has authored many 
books and articles about education and hosted 140 education workshops, em-bodies a teaching philosophy based on student engagement, not just assign-ments. She encourages her pupils to identify and pursue their passions. By enabling students to choose to read and write about what interests them, the center has created an environment where children are excited to learn and eager to demonstrate their knowledge. 
In addition to teaching students, the 
center does remarkable work teaching teachers. Educators from other schools regularly visit the center for profes-sional development. Once there, they observe school-wide morning meetings, libraries in every classroom, and stu-dent-driven writing workshops. The center facilitates a teacher internship program that pairs visiting educators with teachers at the school. These in-tern-teachers observe and confer about instruction methods and leave equipped to make substantive changes back in their own schools. 
In her acceptance speech, Nancie 
said: 
When children are engaged, when learning 
is joyful, those are the lessons that stick. Those are the lessons that are worthwhile 
and meaningful and hang around. 
This philosophy has inspired teachers 
and students alike. In fact, it was one of Nancie’s former students who nomi-nated her for the prize. Under Nancie’s leadership, the Center 
for Teaching & Learning has earned na-tional praise. How wonderful it is that Nancie’s work has now earned global recognition. The people of Maine—and especially its students—are fortunate to have such a pioneering and driven educator fighting for a brighter future. Nancie is a remarkable ambassador for both the State of Maine and our coun-try, and I congratulate her on this out-standing accomplishment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TONY ALEXANDER 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Tony Alexander, executive chairman of the board of FirstEnergy Corporation. Tony’s 43-year career at FirstEnergy and its predecessor compa-nies was characterized by a commit-ment to superior customer service, greater value to shareholders, and more opportunities for employees. As FirstEnergy’s longest serving chief ex-ecutive officer, Tony’s vision, drive, and leadership helped propel the com-pany to the forefront of the energy in-dustry. 
Through Tony’s management, Akron- 
based Ohio Edison quadrupled in size to become today’s FirstEnergy. Over the course of his career, he guided the com-pany through significant mergers, ac-quisitions, and divestitures; complex regulatory and environmental chal-lenges; and a wide range of operational and financial issues. His willingness to push hard for important ideas and poli-cies made him a strong advocate dur-ing one of the most challenging periods in the history of the electric industry. 
Tony’s principled leadership has also 
shown through his tireless work to im-prove his community. As a recognized leader in his community, he currently serves as an advisor to the boards of trustees for Akron Tomorrow, Team NEO, and the University of Akron. Ad-ditionally, he serves on the board of di-rectors and President’s Advancement Council of the Austen BioInnovation Institute. 
Tony’s service has not gone without 
notice. He has been awarded the Dr. Frank L. Simonetti Distinguished Business Alumni Award from the Uni-versity of Akron—a testament to his community leadership. 
I congratulate Tony, his wife Becky, 
and their four sons for the profound impact he has made throughout his community and the energy industry. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:09 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1029. An act to amend the Environ-
mental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to pro-vide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes. H.R. 1191. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1029. An act to amend the Environ-
mental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to pro-vide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 1191. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–941. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Dimethomorph; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9923–59) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–942. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Boscalid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9921–01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–943. A communication from the Chief of 
the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Professional Standards for State and Local School Nutri-tion Programs Personnel as Required by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010’’ (RIN0584–AE19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–944. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Gypsy Moth Generally Infested Areas; Additions in Minnesota, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wis-consin’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2014–0023) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 13, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–945. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Homeland Defense and Global Security), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a consolidated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.052 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1627 March 18, 2015 
budget justification display that includes all 
programs and activities of the Department of Defense combating terrorism program (OSS– 2015–0286); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–946. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral James L. Huggins, Jr., United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–947. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report describing activities under the Sec-retary of Defense personnel management demonstration project authorities for De-partment of Defense Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories (STRLs) for cal-endar year 2014; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–948. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of nine (9) offi-cers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–949. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting legislative proposals rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–950. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 on April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–951. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to South Korea; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–952. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Public and Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Ob-solete Section 8 Rental Assistance Certifi-cate Program Regulations’’ (RIN2577–AC93) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–953. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. 
EC–954. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the status of all extensions granted by Congress regarding the require-ments of Section 13 of the Federal Power Act; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–955. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Connecticut; Low Emission Vehicle Program’’ (FRL No. 9915–05–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–956. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-
plementation Plan, South Coast Air Quality Management District and Sacramento Met-ropolitan Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9923–07–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–957. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants: Coal- and Oil-Fired Electric Steam Generating Units’’ (FRL No. 9923–98–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–958. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Consolidated Rules of Practice Gov-erning the Administrative Assessment of Civil Penalties, Issuance of Compliance or Corrective Action Orders, and the Revoca-tion, Termination or Suspension of Permits; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9922–62–OECA) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–959. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Region 4 States; 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide Preven-tion of Significant Deterioration Infrastruc-ture Plans’’ (FRL No. 9924–47–Region 4) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–960. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Indiana; Minor NSR for Title V and FESOP Sources’’ (FRL No. 9924–22–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–961. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illinois; Amendments to Gasoline Vapor Recovery Requirements for Illinois’’ (FRL No. 9922–71– Region 5) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–962. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and Forced-Air Furnaces’’ (FRL No. 9920–50–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–963. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel for Administrative Law, Office of the United States Trade Representative, Ex-ecutive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Deputy United 
States Trade Representative, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–964. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the 
Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reporting for Pre-mium; Basis Reporting by Securities Brokers and Basis Determination for Debt Instru-ments and Options’’ ((RIN1545–BL46 and RIN1545–BM60) (TD 9713)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–965. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Empowerment Zone Designation Extension’’ (Notice 2015–26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–966. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Beginning of Con-struction for Sections 45 and 48’’ (Notice 2015–25) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–967. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rulings and Deter-mination Letters’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–21) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–968. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Calendar Year Resident Population Figures’’ (Notice 2015– 23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–969. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notice Under Sec-tion 529A’’ (Notice 2015–18) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–970. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safe Harbor Meth-od for Determining a Wagering Gain or Loss from Slot Machine Play’’ (Notice 2015–21) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–971. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘User Fees and Change of Address for Submission of Applica-tions for Approval of Section 403(b) Pre-ap-proved Plans’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–22) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–972. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Health Insurance Providers Fee’’ ((RIN1545–BM52) (TD 9711)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–973. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Alternative Sim-plified Credit Election’’ ((RIN1545–BL78) (TD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.005 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1628 March 18, 2015 
9712)) received in the Office of the President 
of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–974. A communication from the Chair 
of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Ac-cess Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Medicaid and CHIP’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–975. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0274); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–976. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0275); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–977. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod October 1, 2014, through November 30, 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–978. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Legislative Affairs, U.S. De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the waiver of the re-strictions contained in Section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act of 1992; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–979. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–143); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–980. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0026—2015–0028); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–981. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Occupational Safety and Health, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for the Handling of Retaliation Complaints Under Section 806 of the Sar-banes-Oxley Act of 2002, as Amended’’ (RIN1218–AC53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–982. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation, Office of Workers’ Compensa-tion Programs, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act: Transmission of Docu-ments and Information’’ (RIN1240–AA09) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–983. A communication from the General 
Counsel, National Endowment for the Hu-manities, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chairperson, National Endowment for Hu-manities, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–984. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Official Symbol, 
Logo and Seal’’ (45 CFR Part 18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–985. A communication from the Chair 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2012 and fiscal year 2013 FAIR Act Commercial and Inherently Gov-ernmental Activities Inventory; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–986. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Examination of Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) Receiving Local District Funds to Provide Homeless Services in fiscal year 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–987. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Executive Summary of the 2014 Annual Report of the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts’’ and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Office’s 2014 Annual Report of the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with-out amendment: 
S. 792. An original bill to expand sanctions 
imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. K ING, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
KIRK, Ms. C OLLINS , and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ): 
S. 768. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , and Mr. T HUNE ): 
S. 769. A bill to streamline the permit proc-
ess for rail and transit infrastructure; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 770. A bill to authorize Escambia Coun-
ty, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island Na-tional Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. G
RA-
HAM, Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 771. A bill to emphasize manufacturing 
in engineering programs by directing the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, in coordination with other appro-priate Federal agencies including the De-
partment of Defense, Department of Energy, and National Science Foundation, to des-ignate United States manufacturing univer-sities; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
EID, 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 772. A bill to secure the Federal voting 
rights of persons when released from incar-ceration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 773. A bill to prevent harassment at in-
stitutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. D AINES , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mrs. C APITO ): 
S. 774. A bill to amend the Federal Finan-
cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of deposi-
tory institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. B URR, Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. B AR-
RASSO ): 
S. 775. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act, the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974, and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from the def-inition of health insurance coverage certain medical stop-loss insurance obtained by cer-tain plan sponsors of group health plans; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Mr. K IRK, and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 776. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to medication therapy management under part D of the Medicare program; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 777. A bill to permit employees to re-
quest, and to ensure employers consider re-quests for, flexible work terms and condi-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. 
T
ILLIS , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. V ITTER , and 
Mr. L ANKFORD ): 
S. 778. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
certain foreign assistance to countries re-ceiving certain detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ): 
S. 779. A bill to provide for Federal agen-
cies to develop public access policies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
G
RASSLEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 780. A bill to permit the televising of Su-
preme Court proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and 
Mr. S
COTT): 
S. 781. A bill to improve knowledge about 
the best practices for teaching financial lit-eracy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.006 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1629 March 18, 2015 
S. 782. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. M AR-
KEY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 783. A bill to provide for media coverage 
of Federal court proceedings; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. 
G
ARDNER ): 
S. 784. A bill to direct the Secretary of En-
ergy to establish microlabs to improve re-gional engagement with national labora-tories; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. H IRONO , 
and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 785. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to repeal a certain exemption for hydraulic fracturing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 786. A bill to provide paid and family 
medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and 
Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. 787. A bill to streamline the collection 
and distribution of government information; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: 
S. 788. A bill to require the termination of 
any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is found to have retaliated against a whistleblower; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI: 
S. 789. A bill to establish the Social Work 
Reinvestment Commission to provide inde-pendent counsel to Congress and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services on pol-icy issues related to recruitment, retention, research, and reinvestment in the profession of social work, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCONNELL ): 
S. 790. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of free market enterprise zones in order to help facilitate the creation of new jobs, entrepreneurial opportunities, en-hanced and renewed educational opportuni-ties, and increase community involvement in bankrupt or economically distressed areas; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 791. A bill to free the private sector to 
harness domestic energy resources to create jobs and generate economic growth by re-moving statutory and administrative bar-riers; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. SHELBY: 
S. 792. An original bill to expand sanctions 
imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; placed on the calendar. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. R EED, Mr. LEAHY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
Mr. U DALL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. 793. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide for the refi-nancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: 
S. 794. A bill to extend whistleblower pro-
tections for defense contractor employees to employees of contractors of the elements of the intelligence community; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: 
S. 795. A bill to enhance whistleblower pro-
tection for contractor and grantee employ-ees; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ): 
S.J. Res. 10. A joint resolution dis-
approving the action of the District of Co-lumbia Council in approving the Reproduc-tive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ): 
S.J. Res. 11. A joint resolution dis-
approving the action of the District of Co-lumbia Council in approving the Human Rights Amendment Act of 2014; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. 
MIKULSKI , and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. Res. 103. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Social Work Month and World Social Work Day; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
G
RASSLEY , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. 
MCCAIN): 
S. Res. 104. A resolution to express the 
sense of the Senate regarding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time illegal border crossers; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 139, a bill to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Se-curity Income program and the Med-icaid program for compensation pro-vided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or con-ditions. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 170, a bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA program, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the Sen-
ator from North Carolina (Mr. B URR), 
the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), 
the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
KIRK) and the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. B OOKER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in com-memoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 308 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 308, a bill to reauthorize 21st century community learning cen-ters, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 319 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 319, a bill to designate a mountain in the State of Alaska as Mount Denali. 
S. 396 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 396, a bill to establish the Propri-etary Education Oversight Coordina-tion Committee. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Wyo-
ming (Mr. E NZI) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written pri-vacy notice requirement. 
S. 565 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
565, a bill to reduce the operation and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes. 
S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the names of the Senator from Utah 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.009 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1630 March 18, 2015 
(Mr. H ATCH ) and the Senator from New 
York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Se-curity Policy and Campus Crime Sta-tistics Act to combat campus sexual vi-olence, and for other purposes. 
S. 616 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 616, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide recruitment and retention incen-tives for volunteer emergency service workers. 
S. 650 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
650, a bill to extend the positive train control system implementation dead-line, and for other purposes. 
S. 677 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
677, a bill to prohibit the application of certain restrictive eligibility require-ments to foreign nongovernmental or-ganizations with respect to the provi-sion of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage orginator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 686 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 686, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a limi-tation on certain aliens from claiming the earned income tax credit. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from 
Texas (Mr. C RUZ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 751, a bill to improve the es-tablishment of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 753 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. P ETERS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 753, a bill to amend the meth-od by which the Social Security Ad-ministration determines the validity of marriages under title II of the Social 
Security Act. 
S. 756 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 756, a bill to require a report on accountability for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent reso-lution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 87 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 87, a resolution to express the sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to en-courage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Secu-rity and Co-operation in Europe in pre-venting and responding to anti-Semi-tism. 
AMENDMENT NO . 300 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 300 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. 779. A bill to provide for Federal 
agencies to develop public access poli-cies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 779 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Access 
to Science and Technology Research Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Federal Government funds basic and 
applied research with the expectation that new ideas and discoveries that result from the research, if shared and effectively dis-seminated, will advance science and improve the lives and welfare of people of the United States and around the world; 
(2) the Internet makes it possible for this 
information to be promptly available to every scientist, physician, educator, and cit-izen at home, in school, or in a library; and 
(3) the United States has a substantial in-
terest in maximizing the impact and utility of the research it funds by enabling a wide range of reuses of the peer-reviewed lit-
erature that reports the results of such re-search, including by enabling computational analysis by state-of-the-art technologies. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITION OF FEDERAL AGENCY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Federal agency’’ 
means an Executive agency, as defined under section 105 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL RESEARCH PUBLIC ACCESS 
POLICY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TODEVELOP POLICY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, each Fed-eral agency with extramural research ex-penditures of over $100,000,000 shall develop a Federal research public access policy that is consistent with and advances the purposes of the Federal agency. 
(2) C
OMMON PROCEDURES .—To the extent 
practicable, Federal agencies required to de-velop a policy under paragraph (1) shall fol-low common procedures for the collection and depositing of research papers. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—Each Federal research public 
access policy shall provide for— 
(1) submission to the Federal agency of an 
electronic version of the author’s final manuscript of original research papers that have been accepted for publication in peer- reviewed journals and that result from re-search supported, in whole or in part, from funding by the Federal Government; 
(2) the incorporation of all changes result-
ing from the peer review publication process in the manuscript described under paragraph (1); 
(3) the replacement of the final manuscript 
with the final published version if— 
(A) the publisher consents to the replace-
ment; and 
(B) the goals of the Federal agency for 
functionality and interoperability are re-tained; 
(4) free online public access to such final 
peer-reviewed manuscripts or published versions as soon as practicable, but not later than 6 months after publication in peer-re-viewed journals; 
(5) providing research papers as described 
in paragraph (4) in formats and under terms that enable productive reuse, including com-putational analysis by state-of-the-art tech-nologies; 
(6) production of an online bibliography of 
all research papers that are publicly acces-sible under the policy, with each entry link-ing to the corresponding free online full text; and 
(7) long-term preservation of, and free pub-
lic access to, published research findings— 
(A) in a stable digital repository main-
tained by the Federal agency; or 
(B) if consistent with the purposes of the 
Federal agency, in any repository meeting conditions determined favorable by the Fed-eral agency, including free public access, interoperability, and long-term preservation. 
(c) A
PPLICATION OF POLICY .—Each Federal 
research public access policy shall— 
(1) apply to— (A) researchers employed by the Federal 
agency whose works remain in the public do-main; and 
(B) researchers funded by the Federal agen-
cy; 
(2) provide that works described under 
paragraph (1)(A) shall be— 
(A) marked as being public domain mate-
rial when published; and 
(B) made available at the same time such 
works are made available under subsection (b)(4); and 
(3) make effective use of any law or guid-
ance relating to the creation and reservation of a Government license that provides for the reproduction, publication, release, or other uses of a final manuscript for Federal purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.011 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1631 March 18, 2015 
(d) E XCLUSIONS .—Each Federal research 
public access policy shall not apply to— 
(1) research progress reports presented at 
professional meetings or conferences; 
(2) laboratory notes, preliminary data 
analyses, notes of the author, phone logs, or other information used to produce final manuscripts; 
(3) classified research, research resulting 
in works that generate revenue or royalties for authors (such as books) or patentable dis-coveries, to the extent necessary to protect a copyright or patent; or 
(4) authors who do not submit their work 
to a journal or works that are rejected by journals. 
(e) P
ATENT OR COPYRIGHT LAW.—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to affect any right under the provisions of title 17 or 35, United States Code. 
(f) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1 
of each year, the head of each Federal agen-cy shall submit a report on the Federal re-search public access policy of that Federal agency to— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-
ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; 
(C) the Committee on Science and Tech-
nology of the House of Representatives; 
(D) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
(F) any other committee of Congress of ap-
propriate jurisdiction. 
(2) C
ONTENT .—Each report under this sub-
section shall include— 
(A) a statement of the effectiveness of the 
Federal research public access policy in pro-viding the public with free online access to papers on research funded by the Federal agency; 
(B) the results of a study by the Federal 
agency of the terms of use applicable to the research papers described in subsection (b)(4), including— 
(i) a statement of whether the terms of use 
applicable to such research papers are effec-tive in enabling productive reuse and com-putational analysis by state-of-the-art tech-nologies; and 
(ii) an examination of whether such re-
search papers should include a royalty-free copyright license that is available to the public and that permits the reuse of those re-search papers, on the condition that attribu-tion is given to the author or authors of the research and any others designated by the copyright owner; 
(C) a list of papers published in peer-re-
viewed journals that report on research fund-ed by the Federal agency; 
(D) a corresponding list of papers made 
available by the Federal agency as a result of the Federal research public access policy; and 
(E) a summary of the periods of time be-
tween public availability of each paper in a journal and in the online repository of the Federal agency. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—A Federal agen-
cy shall make the statement under para-graph (2)(A) and the lists of papers under 
subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (2) available to the public by posting such state-ment and lists on the website of the Federal agency. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 780. A bill to permit the televising 
of Supreme Court proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 780 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cameras in 
the Courtroom Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO TITLE 28. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 45 of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 678. Televising Supreme Court proceedings 
‘‘The Supreme Court shall permit tele-
vision coverage of all open sessions of the Court unless the Court decides, by a vote of the majority of justices, that allowing such coverage in a particular case would con-stitute a violation of the due process rights of 1 or more of the parties before the Court.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The chapter 
analysis for chapter 45 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end the following: 
‘‘678. Televising Supreme Court pro-
ceedings.’’. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 783. A bill to provide for media 
coverage of Federal court proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, this 
week is Sunshine Week, when we af-firm the public’s right to know how their government is run. Sunshine Week, which began as Sunshine Sunday in 2002, emphasizes the importance of transparency and accountability in a government of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people. In the spirit of government transparency, we are pleased to introduce the Sunshine in the Courtroom Act of 2015. This impor-tant piece of bipartisan legislation fur-thers the public’s access to court pro-ceedings by permitting federal judges at all federal court levels to open their courtrooms to television cameras and radio broadcasts. 
Openness in our courts improves the 
public’s understanding of what happens inside our courts. Our judicial system remains a mystery to too many people across the country. That doesn’t need to continue. Letting the sun shine in on Federal courtrooms will give Ameri-cans an opportunity to better under-stand the judicial process. Courts are the bedrock of the American justice system. Granting the public greater ac-cess to an already public proceeding will inspire greater faith in and appre-ciation for our judges who pledge equal and impartial justice for all. 
For decades, States such as my home 
State of Iowa have allowed cameras in their courtrooms with great results. As a matter of fact, all 50 States and the District of Columbia now allow some news coverage of proceedings. The bill I am introducing today, 
along with Senator S
CHUMER and a 
number of cosponsors from both sides of the aisle, including Judiciary Com-mittee Ranking Member L
EAHY , will 
greatly improve public access to fed-eral courts by letting federal judges open their courtrooms to television cameras and other forms of electronic media. 
The Sunshine in the Courtroom Act 
is full of provisions that ensure that the introduction of cameras and other broadcasting devices into courtrooms goes as smoothly as it has at the state level. First, the presence of the cam-eras Federal trial and appellate courts is at the sole discretion of the judges— it is not mandatory. The bill also pro-vides a mechanism for Congress to study the effects of this legislation on our judiciary before making this change permanent through a 3-year sunset provision. The bill protects the privacy and safety of non-party wit-nesses by giving them the right to have their faces and voices obscured. The bill prohibits the televising of jurors. Finally, it includes a provision to pro-tect the due process rights of each party. 
We need to open the doors and let the 
light shine in on the Federal Judiciary. This bill improves public access to and therefore understanding of our Federal courts. It has safety provisions to en-sure that the cameras won’t interfere with the proceedings or with the safety or due process of anyone involved in the cases. Our States have allowed news coverage of their courtrooms for decades. It is time we join them. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in 
the R ECORD , as follows. 
S. 783 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sunshine in 
the Courtroom Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL APPELLATE AND DISTRICT 
COURTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) P RESIDING JUDGE .—The term ‘‘presiding 
judge’’ means the judge presiding over the court proceeding concerned. In proceedings in which more than 1 judge participates, the presiding judge shall be the senior active judge so participating or, in the case of a cir-cuit court of appeals, the senior active cir-cuit judge so participating, except that— 
(A) in en banc sittings of any United 
States circuit court of appeals, the presiding judge shall be the chief judge of the circuit whenever the chief judge participates; and 
(B) in en banc sittings of the Supreme 
Court of the United States, the presiding judge shall be the Chief Justice whenever the Chief Justice participates. 
(2) A
PPELLATE COURT OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘appellate court of the 
United States’’ means any United States cir-cuit court of appeals and the Supreme Court of the United States. 
(b) A
UTHORITY OF PRESIDING JUDGE TO 
ALLOW MEDIA COVERAGE OF COURT PRO-
CEEDINGS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.012 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1632 March 18, 2015 
(1) A UTHORITY OF APPELLATE COURTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), the presiding judge of an appellate court of the United States may, at the discretion of that judge, permit the photographing, electronic recording, broad-casting, or televising to the public of any court proceeding over which that judge pre-sides. 
(B) E
XCEPTION .—The presiding judge shall 
not permit any action under subparagraph (A), if— 
(i) in the case of a proceeding involving 
only the presiding judge, that judge deter-mines the action would constitute a viola-tion of the due process rights of any party; or 
(ii) in the case of a proceeding involving 
the participation of more than 1 judge, a ma-jority of the judges participating determine that the action would constitute a violation of the due process rights of any party. 
(2) A
UTHORITY OF DISTRICT COURTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, except as provided under clause (iii), the presiding judge of a district court of the United States may, at the dis-cretion of that judge, permit the photographing, electronic recording, broad-casting, or televising to the public of any court proceeding over which that judge pre-sides. 
(ii) O
BSCURING OF WITNESSES .—Except as 
provided under clause (iii)— 
(I) upon the request of any witness (other 
than a party) in a trial proceeding, the court shall order the face and voice of the witness to be disguised or otherwise obscured in such manner as to render the witness unrecogniz-able to the broadcast audience of the trial proceeding; and 
(II) the presiding judge in a trial pro-
ceeding shall inform each witness who is not a party that the witness has the right to re-quest the image and voice of that witness to be obscured during the witness’ testimony. 
(iii) E
XCEPTION .—The presiding judge shall 
not permit any action under this subpara-graph— 
(I) if that judge determines the action 
would constitute a violation of the due proc-ess rights of any party; and 
(II) until the Judicial Conference of the 
United States promulgates mandatory guide-lines under paragraph (5). 
(B) N
O MEDIA COVERAGE OF JURORS .—The 
presiding judge shall not permit the photographing, electronic recording, broad-casting, or televising of any juror in a trial proceeding, or of the jury selection process. 
(C) D
ISCRETION OF THE JUDGE .—The pre-
siding judge shall have the discretion to ob-scure the face and voice of an individual, if good cause is shown that the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or tele-vising of the individual would threaten— 
(i) the safety of the individual; (ii) the security of the court; (iii) the integrity of future or ongoing law 
enforcement operations; or 
(iv) the interest of justice. (D) S
UNSET OF DISTRICT COURT AUTHORITY .— 
The authority under this paragraph shall terminate 3 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(3) I
NTERLOCUTORY APPEALS BARRED .—The 
decision of the presiding judge under this subsection of whether or not to permit, deny, or terminate the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or televising of a court proceeding may not be challenged through an interlocutory appeal. 
(4) A
DVISORY GUIDELINES .—The Judicial 
Conference of the United States may promul-gate advisory guidelines to which a presiding judge, at the discretion of that judge, may refer in making decisions with respect to the management and administration of 
photographing, recording, broadcasting, or televising described under paragraphs (1) and (2). 
(5) M
ANDATORY GUIDELINES .—Not later than 
6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Judicial Conference of the United States shall promulgate mandatory guide-lines which a presiding judge is required to follow for obscuring of certain vulnerable witnesses, including crime victims, minor victims, families of victims, cooperating wit-nesses, undercover law enforcement officers or agents, witnesses subject to section 3521 of title 18, United States Code, relating to wit-ness relocation and protection, or minors under the age of 18 years. The guidelines shall include procedures for determining, at the earliest practicable time in any inves-tigation or case, which witnesses should be considered vulnerable under this section. 
(6) P
ROCEDURES .—In the interests of justice 
and fairness, the presiding judge of the court in which media use is desired has discretion to promulgate rules and disciplinary meas-ures for the courtroom use of any form of media or media equipment and the acquisi-tion or distribution of any of the images or sounds obtained in the courtroom. The pre-siding judge shall also have discretion to re-quire written acknowledgment of the rules by anyone individually or on behalf of any entity before being allowed to acquire any images or sounds from the courtroom. 
(7) N
O BROADCAST OF CONFERENCES BETWEEN  
ATTORNEYS AND CLIENTS .—There shall be no 
audio pickup or broadcast of conferences which occur in a court proceeding between attorneys and their clients, between co-coun-sel of a client, between adverse counsel, or between counsel and the presiding judge, if the conferences are not part of the official record of the proceedings. 
(8) E
XPENSES .—A court may require that 
any accommodations to effectuate this Act be made without public expense. 
(9) I
NHERENT AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this 
Act shall limit the inherent authority of a court to protect witnesses or clear the court-room to preserve the decorum and integrity of the legal process or protect the safety of an individual. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
REED, Mr. L EAHY , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. M ARKEY , and 
Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 793. A bill to amend the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to announce the introduction of the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act of 2015. This bill will allow student loan borrowers to take advantage of today’s lower interest rates, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Last Congress, Democrats pressed for 
a similar bill which has strong support 
from the Senate and from the public. Every Democrat, every Independent, 
and three Republicans voted to move this bill forward. More than 700,000 peo-ple signed petitions in support of stu-dent loan refinancing, but Republicans filibustered the bill, so it didn’t pass. It is time to try again, because a problem that was bad last year has gotten worse—much worse. 
Since last year, nearly 1 million 
more borrowers have fallen behind in their payments. Nearly 1 million more are watching their balances get bigger, not smaller. Nearly 1 million more peo-ple are sweating out how they are ever going to repay their student loan debt. 
Last year, student loan debt was an 
economic emergency. Now, 1 year later, the emergency is getting worse. Just look at the numbers. Students are now struggling with $100 billion more debt than 1 year ago. Since last year, total student loan debt has jumped to $1.3 trillion, and the debt is crushing young people. 
Last year, experts at the U.S. Treas-
ury, the Federal Reserve, and the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau all sounded the alarm on student debt. This year, the alarm bells are sounding even louder. One year ago, the Federal Government was projected to take in tens of billions in profits on the backs of our kids as a result of artificially high interest rates. One year later, in-terest rates on new loans are even higher, and even with millions of peo-ple struggling to pay, even after ac-counting for administrative and other costs, the Federal Government is still raking in huge profits on its student loan program. 
Despite overwhelming public support 
for cutting the interest rates on stu-dent loans, Republicans last year re-fused to even debate this bill. Repub-licans said there were other, better ways to tackle student debt, but Re-publicans did nothing, nothing except filibuster the only student loan bill on the table. So tens of millions of bor-rowers got nothing, no help at all. Today, millions of borrowers are left with interest rates of 6 percent, 8 per-cent, 10 percent, and even higher. Near-ly 1 million more borrowers are falling behind, and the Republicans have done nothing. Nearly 1 million more bor-rowers are falling behind, and they are watching their debt load get bigger. Nearly 1 million more borrowers are falling behind, paying interest rates that produce obscene profits for the U.S. Government, and the Republicans will not even debate refinancing stu-dent loans. 
Why can’t people refinance their stu-
dent loans? When interest rates are low, homeowners can refinance their mortgages to reduce their payments. Businesses can refinance their debts. Even governments can refinance their debts. But student loan borrowers are stuck with their loans, sometimes at 6 percent, 8 percent, 10 percent, and even higher. 
Our proposal is simple: refinance out-
standing loans down to 3.9 percent for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.015 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1633 March 18, 2015 
undergraduates, and a little higher for 
graduates and PLUS loans. This single change would give borrowers across this country a chance to save hun-dreds—and for some, thousands—of dol-
lars a year. That’s real money—money they can put toward paying down the balance on their debt, saving for a home, buying a car—money they can put toward building a solid future. 
This bill doesn’t add one dime to the 
deficit. It is fully paid for by closing up a tax loophole that allows millionaires and billionaires to pay a lower tax rate than middle class families. 
If Republicans don’t like that way to 
pay for the student loan bill, here’s an-other idea. Senators R
EED and 
BLUMENTHAL have advanced a bill that 
would close a different tax loophole. They want to end the tax breaks for ex-ecutive bonuses that are bigger than a million dollars. 
I say to my Republican colleagues, if 
you don’t like that way to pay for the student loan bill, there are other op-tions as well. Let’s sit down and talk about it, but don’t close your eyes and pretend this isn’t happening. Don’t turn your backs on the 40 million Americans with student loan debt. Don’t do nothing. 
Refinancing student loans will not 
fix everything that is wrong in our higher education system. We need to cut the price of college. We need to re-invest in public universities. We need to shore up financial aid, crack down on for-profit colleges, and provide bet-ter protections on student loans, but let’s start by allowing people to refi-nance their student loans. Let’s start by cutting back on the interest pay-ments that are sinking young people and holding back this economy. 
We could have refinanced student 
loan debt 1 year ago, but Republicans said no. Now Americans owe $100 bil-lion more than they did. Now nearly 1 million more borrowers are falling be-hind. Now more people than ever are choking on student loan debt. 
By refusing to act, Republicans are 
sinking the hopes of an entire genera-tion. It is time for Congress to step up and fix this problem, before it drags down another million Americans and another and another. It is time to refi-nance student loan debt. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 103—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF SOCIAL WORK MONTH AND WORLD SOCIAL WORK DAY 
Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 103 
Whereas the primary mission of the social 
work profession is to enhance human well- being and help meet the basic needs of all people, especially the most vulnerable in so-ciety; Whereas social work pioneers have helped 
lead the struggle for social justice in the United States and have helped pave the way for positive social change; 
Whereas social workers are key employees 
at the Federal, State, and local levels of gov-ernment and work to expand policies and practices that promote equity and social jus-tice for all people; 
Whereas social workers stand up for indi-
viduals and support diverse families in every community; 
Whereas social workers continue to work 
to improve the rights of women, the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (‘‘LGBT’’) community, and communities of color; 
Whereas social workers know from experi-
ence that discrimination of any kind limits human potential and must be eliminated; 
Whereas social workers know from experi-
ence that poverty and trauma can create lifelong social and economic disadvantages; 
Whereas social workers help people in 
every stage of life function better in their environments, improve relationships with others, and solve personal and family prob-lems; 
Whereas all children have the right to safe 
environments and quality education; 
Whereas dignity and caregiving for older 
adults help define the character of a nation; 
Whereas veterans and the families of vet-
erans need community support to ensure successful transitions after service; 
Whereas access to mental health treat-
ment and health care services saves millions of lives; 
Whereas research has shown that all peo-
ple, no matter the circumstance, may at some point in their lives need the expertise of a skilled social worker; 
Whereas social workers celebrate the cour-
age, hope, and strength of the human spirit throughout their careers; 
Whereas March is recognized as Social 
Work Month; and 
Whereas World Social Work Day is recog-
nized on March 18, 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Social 
Work Month and World Social Work Day; 
(2) acknowledges the diligent efforts of in-
dividuals and groups who promote the impor-tance of social work and observe Social Work Month and World Social Work Day; 
(3) encourages individuals to engage in ap-
propriate ceremonies and activities to pro-mote further awareness of the life-changing role that social workers play; and 
(4) recognizes with gratitude the contribu-
tions of the millions of caring individuals who have chosen to serve their communities through social work. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 104—TO EX-
PRESS THE SENSE OF THE SEN-ATE REGARDING THE SUCCESS OF OPERATION STREAMLINE AND THE IMPORTANCE OF PROS-ECUTING FIRST TIME ILLEGAL BORDER CROSSERS 
Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. M CCAIN) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs: 
S. R ES. 104 
Whereas the Border Patrol’s Yuma Sector 
has long grappled with the crossing of un-documented aliens and has seen illegal traf-fic decline precipitously from the early 2000s to the present; 
Whereas a combination of increased man-
power, technology implementation, and the delivery of appropriate consequences have 
resulted in gains in border security in the Yuma Sector; 
Whereas a key to the success in the Yuma 
Sector has been the implementation of Oper-ation Streamline, a program established in 2005 that was described by former Depart-ment of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano as ‘‘a DHS partnership with the Department of Justice, . . . a geographically focused operation that aims to increase the consequences for illegally crossing the bor-der by criminally prosecuting illegal border- crossers.’’; 
Whereas known for its ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ ap-
proach, the Yuma County Sheriff’s Office cites 100 percent prosecution of illegal border crossers as a shared goal of a partnership in-cluding Federal, State, and local law en-forcement agencies; 
Whereas among the various consequences 
delivered to illegal crossers by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, Operation Streamline is associated with a recidivism rate that is well below average and has seen a steady decrease in recidivism in recent years; 
Whereas the United States Attorney’s Of-
fice for the District of Arizona will report-edly no longer be prosecuting those appre-hended crossing the border illegally for the first time; and 
Whereas according to the Sheriff of Yuma 
County, Operation Streamline ‘‘had a deter-rent effect in Yuma County, which gained a reputation as an area to avoid crossing into because if caught, you were assured to go to court and possibly face penalties’’, but now the program has been ‘‘has been severely di-luted.’’. 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) gains made in border security in the 
Yuma Sector and positive trends in recidi-
vism rates are of critical importance to those living and working in the border re-gion and to the Nation as a whole; 
(2) refusing to prosecute first time illegal 
border crossers under Operation Streamline will jeopardize border security gains; 
(3) the border security steps that have led 
to some measure of improvement on the bor-der, such as the historical implementation of Operation Streamline, should be preserved; and 
(4) the Executive Branch should imme-
diately remove any issued or related prohibi-tion, policy, guidance, or direction to cease prosecuting first time illegal border crossers under Operation Streamline. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 319. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 319. Mr. TILLIS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. REVOCATION OF IMMIGRATION BENE-
FITS FOR ALIENS CONVICTED OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a covered alien is con-
victed of human trafficking or any con-spiracy related to human trafficking, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.044 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1634 March 18, 2015 
Secretary of Homeland Security or the Sec-
retary of State, as appropriate, shall— 
(1) revoke any immigration benefit granted 
to the covered alien; 
(2) revoke any relief from removal provided 
pursuant to policies implemented under, or substantially similar to policies imple-mented under, an Executive action or memo-randa set out under subsection (c) granted to the covered alien; and 
(3) place the covered alien in expedited pro-
ceedings for removal from the United States after the covered alien completes any term of imprisonment for such a conviction. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED ALIEN .—The term ‘‘covered 
alien’’— 
(A) means an alien present in the United 
States; and 
(B) does not include an alien lawfully ad-
mitted for permanent residence. 
(2) L AWFULLY ADMITTED FOR PERMANENT  
RESIDENCE .—The term ‘‘lawfully admitted for 
permanent residence’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). 
(c) E
XECUTIVE ACTIONS .—The Executive ac-
tions and memoranda set out under this sub-section are the following: 
(1) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration En-forcement: Priorities for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated March 2, 2011. 
(2) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecu-torial Discretion Consistent with the Civil Immigration Enforcement Priorities of the Agency for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated June 17, 2011. 
(3) The memorandum from the Principal 
Legal Advisor of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled ‘‘Case-by- Case Review of Incoming and Certain Pend-ing Cases’’ dated November 17, 2011. 
(4) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’ dated June 15, 2012. 
(5) The memorandum from the Director of 
United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration En-forcement: Guidance on the Use of Detainers in the Federal, State, Local, and Tribal Criminal Justice Systems’’ dated December 21, 2012. 
(6) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Southern Bor-der and Approaches Campaign’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(7) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Un-documented Immigrants’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(8) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Secure Com-munities’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(9) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Indi-viduals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(10) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Expansion of the Provisional Waiver Program’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(11) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies Supporting U.S. High-Skilled Businesses and Workers’’ dated November 20, 2014. (12) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Families of U.S. Armed Forces Members and Enlistees’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(13) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Directive to Provide Consistency Regarding Advance Pa-role’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(14) The memorandum from the Secretary 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies to Promote and Increase Access to U.S. Citizen-ship’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(15) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Modernizing and Streamlining the U.S. Immigrant Visa System for the 21st Century’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
(16) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrating Immigrants and Refu-gees’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 18, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 18, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communica-tions Commission.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 18, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on March 18, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate, on March 18, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Impact of Abusive Parent Litigation Practices on the American 
Economy.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 18, 2015, at 10 a.m. in room SD–G50 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a joint hear-ing with the House Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Seapower of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 18, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my intern, Sirvat Tokatlian, be allowed privileges of the floor throughout the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 1191 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 
19, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 11 a.m., Thursday, March 19; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 178, with the time until the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR6.021 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1635 March 18, 2015 
cloture vote at 12 noon equally divided 
between the two leaders or their des-ignees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. PROGRAM 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Senators should 
expect up to two rollcall votes at noon. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it 
stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:24 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, March 19, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18MR6.056 S18MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E353 March 18, 2015 
RECOGNIZING GALENA TRAIN 
DERAILMENT FIRST RESPONDERS 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor 
the first responders who helped to control and contain the fire caused by the recent train de-railment in Galena, IL on March 5, 2015. These brave citizens responded to the derail-ment quickly and performed their duties flaw-lessly. Thanks to their bravery and hard work, the fire was ultimately contained, and disaster was averted. The state of Wisconsin thanks them for their courage and service. 
On March 5, 2015, a Burlington Northern 
Santa Fe train derailed in Galena, Illinois, and started a fire in a rural area near the city. Fire-fighters from Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin re-sponded to help control and contain the fire. Wisconsin fire departments from Cuba City, Darlington, Dickeyville, Hazel Green, James-town, Lancaster, and Platteville participated in the incident response. After arriving on the scene, first responders assessed the situation and enacted procedures to control the derail-ment. Their response was successful, the inci-dent was contained, and crisis was averted. 
Every day, firefighters and other first re-
sponders go to work prepared to confront our most dangerous situations. These brave men and women are on the front lines, protecting our communities from disaster. Today, I recog-nize these courageous first responders and thank them for their service. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BILLY 
CASPER 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, San Diego has 
produced many sports heroes over the years. Rarely, a champion appears on the sports scene whose character and personal impact on others transcends his athletic accomplish-ments. Billy Casper was such a man. 
Billy is known for his 51 victories on the pro-
fessional golf tour, the seventh most in golf history. But I can tell you as a friend of Billy’s, he was more than that; he radiated goodness and friendship. When Billy played, the game itself was secondary. Everyone just wanted to be around Billy and the love of his life, Shirley. And Billy Casper was ‘‘G’’ rated in the same sense as Roy Rogers. To put it simply, you could bring your kids to a Billy Casper event. 
Billy’s life was that of a San Diego legend. 
Billy elected to stay in San Diego when his mom announced she was moving to Los An-geles with her new husband. From that point on, Billy bounced around the South Bay, stay-ing with buddies, playing sports and venturing out to the greens of San Diego Country Club 
to practice his putting—at night. It was in these moments that Billy gained his impec-cable touch, making him one of the greatest putters in the history of the game. 
At a football game he spotted a pretty girl in 
the bleachers. Soon, they were inseparable, and after a short stint in the Navy and success on the local amateur circuit, Shirley and Billy Casper got married. They would remain a team for life. 
They saw the movie, Follow The Sun, in 
which Ben Hogan, played by Glenn Ford, came back from a near fatal accident to win the U.S. Open. Billy and Shirley were taken with the adventure of Ben Hogan and his wife Valerie, sallying forth on the PGA tour with no guarantees and only themselves to rely on. Soon after, they too decided to ‘‘Follow the Sun.’’ 
With a Buick Roadmaster and a Spartan 
Trailer, they headed out on the PGA Tour. Making less than $50 in their first event, the 
difficulty of the tour became evident. Then, Billy’s talent began to prevail. By the third round of the 1958 U.S. Open at Winged Foot, Billy was leading, with such legends as Ben Hogan and Sam Snead in hot pursuit. And let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, the kid from San Diego knew how to close tournaments. He won that U.S. Open and proceeded in the next decade to win more golf tournaments than Ar-nold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus or Gary Player. 
Along the way, Billy put together the best 
Ryder Cup record in U.S. history. At Olympic, in the 1966 U.S. Open, Billy shot the greatest come-from-behind closing nine holes in U.S. Open history, making up seven shots on Arnie, with a closing 32. He defeated Arnold Palmer the next day in an eighteen hole play-off with a 69. 
In an age of sports psychologists and ‘‘living 
in the moment,’’ where athletes are counseled to jettison all distractions, Billy Casper rede-fined the term ‘‘family man.’’ He and Shirley were blessed with 11 children, who have given them 71 grandchildren over the years. Billy Casper thrived on what others would consider career distractions and his reward for building a family of love and unity is that the Casper support structure for young people will con-tinue. 
His annual golf tournament will be played 
this year as a memorial, run by the Casper children and grandchildren as usual, and with Shirley overseeing everything. Only one guy will be missing, the grandfather with the magic golf touch and the big heart; the guy who did us all proud . . . not just because of what he did, but because of who he was. Inside. Where it counts. 
f 
HONORING JACOB LEE VELAZQUEZ 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Jacob Lee Velaz-quez. Jacob is a very special young man who 
has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 43, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Jacob has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jacob has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jacob has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Jacob con-structed two team benches for the St. Joseph Youth Soccer Association in St. Joseph, Mis-souri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Jacob Lee Velazquez for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
ALEXSANDER HAY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Alexsander Hay for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Alexsander Hay is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Alexsander 
Hay is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Alexsander Hay for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LAKE ALFRED, 
FLORIDA 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege to recognize Lake Alfred, Florida as the city celebrates its 100th anniversary. Lake Alfred is a beautiful community situated among the many lakes of Central Florida. 
Lake Alfred’s rich history began with its 
original settlement as a military outpost, called Fort Cummings, in 1839. In 1887, a railroad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MR8.001 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E354 March 18, 2015 
line connecting Sanford and Tampa was con-
structed through Lake Alfred and logging quickly became the community’s primary in-dustry. At the turn of the century, Frank C. Gardner of Fargo, North Dakota, sensibly seeking more clement weather in the Sun-shine State, formed the Florida Fruitlands Company, purchasing vast tracts of land and planting citrus groves. In the subsequent years, the community underwent several name changes before finally choosing Lake Alfred, one of the most scenic lakes in the commu-nity. Lake Alfred has continued to grow as one of the most vibrant cities in Central Florida. 
It is an honor to represent the residents of 
Lake Alfred, and I am excited to join them in celebrating this historical milestone. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE 
OF BARBARA AYMAR EARLE 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of an extraordinary American, Barbara (Bobbie) Aymar Earle who passed away in Essex, Connecticut on De-cember 10, 2014, in the company of her five children. 
Barbara was born in New York City on Jan-
uary 1, 1925, the daughter of Gordon Aymar, a noted illustrator and portrait painter, and Margaretta Aymar, a civic leader. She at-tended The Thomas School in Rowayton, Connecticut, Barnard College, and the Julliard School of Music in New York City. She played the harp professionally for a short time before marrying the great love of her life, Harry W. Earle, of Norwalk, Connecticut, upon his return in 1944 from Air Force service in Europe dur-ing World War II. She devoted the next thirty years to raising her family, to civic activities, and to writing. She co-founded Person-to-Per-son, the Connecticut-based volunteer organi-zation that provides clothing, food and other necessities to those in need. She also spent many years as a hospice volunteer, the orga-nization that assisted her during the final days of her life. More than forty years after she first started college, Bobbie returned to earn her Bachelor of Science degree, graduating summa cum laude in 1983 from the University of Washington/Oshkosh, at the age of 58, with a major in human services and a minor in music. ‘‘Give Us This Day’’, a book of her poems will be published in 2015. 
Bobbie is remembered for her love of life, 
music, gardening and poetry, her devotion to family and friends, and for her deep and last-ing influence on the communities where she lived. Her daughters, Penrhyn Cook and Bar-bara Ballard; her sons, David, John and Gor-don; and her sister Carol Armstrong survive her. She was the proud grandmother of eleven grandchildren: Matthew and Jonathan Earle, Geoffrey Bailey, Joby and Derry Earle, Mar-garet and Harry Kaplan-Earle, Gordon Earle, Benjamin and Emily Ballard, Naima Guzman, and one great granddaughter, Katherine Guzman. She was predeceased by her broth-er, Gordon Aymar, Jr. and by Harry Earle, her husband of 56 years. 
I met Bobbie in 1966 when the Earle family 
moved to California from Connecticut. Her husband Harry had been named Vice Presi-
dent of Marketing at the newly formed J.W. Clement Company in Palo Alto and he hired me to be his assistant. From that time and throughout the rest of our lives, Bobbie and Harry remained dear friends. She enhanced and blessed my life with her boundless gifts of wisdom, laughter, poetry, gardening tips, char-ity, faith, integrity, humility and her sheer joy of life. Across all the decades, I have never known a finer person. A conversation with Bobbie was always a beautiful experience, sprinkled with sparks of divinity. Simply put, there was no one like her. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and work of Barbara Aymar Earle and in extending our deepest condolences to her magnificent family. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE MISSOURI FARM BUREAU FEDERATION 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 100th Anniversary of the Missouri Farm Bureau Federation. The Mis-souri Farm Bureau has been a champion of advocating for farmers the past century. Over the years, this organization has built a reputa-tion of service based on credibility, integrity, and thorough knowledge of the issues—a rep-utation that continues to grow. 
On March 24, 1915, the county Farm Bu-
reau movement changed forever. A group of farmers and ranchers gathered in Saline County to organize the nation’s first state Farm Bureau organization. Since then, Mis-souri Farm Bureau has continued to grow in strength and is the state’s most effective orga-nization that works to improve the quality of life for farmers, rural Missouri, and all Missou-rians. When members join, their voice is heard at the county, state, and national level. 
Over these one hundred years, Missouri 
Farm Bureau has worked on various issues on the state and national level that would affect the farming industry. This organization is also committed to teaching consumers and school children how crop/food production affects their daily lives. By educating future generations about the importance of agriculture, this indus-try will continue to be successful. 
As a farmer and member of Missouri Farm 
Bureau, it is a privilege to recognize the im-pact this organization has had on the agri-culture industry and families in Missouri. I am confident that Missouri Farm Bureau will con-tinue to succeed in the years to come. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing the 
100th Anniversary of the Missouri Farm Bu-reau. 
f 
HONORING GABRIEL STILLWELL 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Gabriel Stillwell. Gabe is a very special young man who has 
exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1286, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Gabe has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Gabe has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Gabe has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Gabe installed a flagpole and added landscaping to the front of Commu-nity of Christ Church in Odessa, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Gabriel Stillwell for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
EMMA EAKER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Emma Eaker for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Emma Eaker is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Emma 
Eaker is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Emma Eaker for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. MARK 
GIESEN, THE SUNBURY, PENN-SYLVANIA ROTARY CLUB’S SUNBURY CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to recognize the Sunbury, Pennsylvania Ro-tary Club’s Sunbury Citizen of the Year, Mark Giesen, or otherwise known by his radio name, ‘‘Mark Lawrence.’’ The Sunbury Rotary Club is an organization within my district that reaches out locally and internationally to better the lives of others through an array of service projects. Mr. Giesen has acted both within the club and the medium of broadcast journalism to proudly serve his community. 
Often referred to as ‘‘The Voice of the Val-
ley,’’ Mr. Giesen serves as the Program Direc-tor at Newsradio 1070 WKOK, and through his position, helps many constituents throughout my district promote events and fundraisers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MR8.010 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E355 March 18, 2015 
His decorated professional experience in-
cludes previous roles at WHLM AM/FM in Bloomsburg, and as the News Director at WKOK/WQKX in Sunbury. Mr. Giesen has also worked at Clear Channel in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Giesen’s passion for broadcasting 
began at a young age. As a child, he used to spin the dials on an old radio at night in an ef-fort to reach as many stations as possible. Later on, Mr. Giesen became a fellow at WKOK/AM/FM in Sunbury, and would ride his bike to the studio in the Fort Augusta Museum to continually immerse himself in the world of broadcast journalism. 
Mr. Speaker, for his committed service to 
the Sunbury Rotary Club, to his role as the Program Director at Newsradio 1070 WKOK, and to the constituents of my district, I com-mend Mr. Giesen and congratulate him on being named the Sunbury Rotary Club’s Sunbury Citizen of the year. 
f 
THE FLYING TIGERS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on March 
28, China will open the doors to a new mu-seum in Chongqing. The museum will be dedi-cated to a group of American fighter pilots and heroes. The group was originally called the American Volunteer Group, though they are now famously referred to as the Flying Tigers. 
Known for the shark face art on the nose of 
their planes, the Flying Tigers were a group of volunteers that fought alongside the Chinese in their defense against the Japanese at the beginning of World War II. The group was formed by Claire Chennault, a retired U.S. Army Air Corps Lieutenant General from Com-merce, Texas, with permission from President Roosevelt himself. The Flying Tigers were comprised of over 100 pilots who hailed from the United States Army Air Corps, the Navy, and the Marine Corps. 
Before the creation of the Flying Tigers, 
Chennault was in China working as an avia-tion advisor to Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek and as the director of a Chinese Air Force flight school in Kunming. In 1941, Chiang Kai- Shek sent Chennault to Washington to obtain a war-time loan and some fighter planes, but Chennault came back with much more than that. 
With directions from the President and in 
accordance with the Generalissimo, Chennault headed out to recruit pilots to volunteer with him in China. Since the United States was not yet at war, this all had to be done discreetly. 
These brave men were secretly discharged 
from their respective units and sent to Burma for training. Within four months, the Flying Ti-gers were dropped into the battlefield and in-stantly made a name for themselves. 
One of the most famous Tigers was David 
Lee Hill, known by his comrades as ‘‘Tex,’’ due to his South Texas heritage. He’s remem-bered as a hero, both in China and back home. He joined the Flying Tigers in 1941, and was credited with destroying over ten Jap-anese fighter planes in just his first battle in January of 1942. A couple of months after, Tex was officially named squadron leader, where he began planning for his new position 
and upcoming missions. 
On May 7th, 1942, the Japanese began 
building a bridge across the Salween River that would allow them to easily move troops and supplies into China. However, much to the chagrin of the Japanese, Chennault and Tex learned of their plan. Tex led a flight to the river with the intention of blocking Japa-nese advancement, and the plan proved suc-cessful. According to Chennault, this was one of the most critical missions the Flying Tigers would go on to accomplish. 
In July of 1942, after many successful com-
bat missions, the Flying Tigers were dis-banded. Though they’re remembered for their successes and heroic air battles, their success came with a price. Lacking resources that typ-ical U.S. air corps had, such as doctors, nurses, fresh food, and maintenance per-sonnel, the Flying Tigers were constantly fac-ing setbacks. Wounds were rarely properly treated and the threat of disease was con-stant. Sixteen Flying Tigers gave their lives in 1941 and 1942, though not before taking out nearly 300 Japanese aircrafts. 
After the deactivation, Tex, and five other 
former Flying Tigers, officially rejoined the United States Army Air Force. On Thanks-giving of 1943, Tex led troops into Formosa where they were heavily outnumbered by the Japanese. Against all odds, his squadron re-turned home unscathed, despite having downed over 40 Japanese planes. 
Tex left active duty in 1946, but joined the 
Air Force Reserves shortly after, where he would serve until his retirement in 1968 as a brigadier general. His career will go down as one of the most impressive in United States military history. He’s been inducted into both the National and Texas Aviation Hall of Fames, and has received numerous awards from both the United States and China. 
Tex and his fellow Flying Tigers, such as 
Claire Chennault, will go down in history as one of the most selfless and heroic service groups in United States military history. They went to war when they didn’t have to, to de-fend a country to which they held no alle-giance. The selfless acts of the Flying Tigers will forever be remembered, and their duty, honor, and character should help guide Ameri-cans for years to come. 
It’s no surprise that many of those feisty, te-
nacious volunteers were from Texas. They would have made the defenders of the Alamo proud. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CHARLES ‘‘CHUCKIE’’ 
WHEELER OF THE BOSTON PO-LICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Charles ‘‘Chuckie’’ Wheeler, in rec-ognition of his outstanding contributions to the Boston Police Department and his hometown of South Boston, MA, and to commend him for over twenty-nine years of dedicated service to his community through his time at the depart-ment. 
The son of Gerard and Anna Wheeler, 
Chuckie was born on October 1, 1955 in South Boston and lived on Carmody Court in 
the Old Colony Housing Projects for most of his growing years. He lived and raised his family all over Southie, from M Street to Preble Street, before moving to Braintree, MA where he currently resides. 
Mr. Speaker, Chuckie Wheeler attended 
South Boston High School where he was a multi-sport all-star athlete and where he met his future wife, Charlene McGinn in the story-book football player meets cheerleader fash-ion. After graduation, he attended Saint Anselm College and Northeastern University as well as played for the South Boston Chip-pewas Football Club. 
Throughout his career, Chuckie always 
worked to support his community. Chuck was employed by the Boston Housing Authority and the Boston Public Schools Police Depart-ment, prior to joining the Boston Police De-partment in 1986 where he remained until his retirement this year. 
During his time with the Boston Police De-
partment, Chuckie provided distinguished service at both the community level as well as at the Department’s Headquarters. Chuckie patrolled the streets of South Boston through District C–6 for the early part of his career, al-ways providing guidance and mentorship to the neighborhood youth. In the latter half of his career, Chuck became one of the corner-stones and first members of a newly-created Crime Scene Response Unit, where he re-mained until his retirement. During his time with the Crime Scene Unit, Chuckie held fast to his mentorship genes and was an integral part of bringing the Unit to the nationally-rec-ognized success it is today. Chuckie’s dedica-tion to the Department and the Crime Scene Response Unit was only outshined by his commitment to his family and community, where Chuckie could regularly be found coaching the South Boston and Braintree youth in football, t-ball, baseball and softball. 
Mr. Speaker, Chuckie Wheeler is known for 
his generous spirit and kind heart. He has had 
the good fortune to be married to Charlene for thirty-five years. Chuckie and Charlene are proud parents of three children and three grandchildren with a fourth on the way! 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to take 
the floor of the House today to join with Charles ‘‘Chuckie’’ Wheeler’s family, friends, and contemporaries to thank him for his re-markable service to the Boston Police Depart-ment and his community. 
f 
AUSTIN GUT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Austin Gut for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Austin Gut is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Austin Gut 
is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MR8.014 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E356 March 18, 2015 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Aus-
tin Gut for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
HONORING CHARLES ALEXANDER 
VELAZQUEZ 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Charles Alexander Velazquez. Alex is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 43, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Alex has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Alex has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Alex has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Alex installed a 20 foot flagpole for the St. Joseph Youth Soccer As-sociation in St. Joseph, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Charles Alexander Velazquez for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAPTAIN 
WAYNE HOSS, SAN MATEO PO-LICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Wayne Hoss who is retiring as a Captain in the San Mateo Police Department after 28 years of distinguished service. The San Mateo Police Department relied heavily upon the tal-ents of Captain Hoss over his decades of service, as indicated by the extraordinary range of responsibilities that he held while with the department. 
Wayne Hoss worked in every major aspect 
of department operations, always giving out-standing service. He was initially assigned to patrol and then to Investigations. He kept his investigations skills well-honed throughout his career and later used these skills repeatedly during the times my district office and I relied upon Captain Hoss to respond to security con-cerns. In addition to working in Investigations, Wayne Hoss also worked in Field Operations, Special Operations, and the Street Crimes Suppression Team. Seeing his talent as an of-ficer, the department assigned Wayne Hoss as a training officer. Noticing that he could manage a computer and other new technology better than many in the department, probably including many Chiefs and more senior per-sonnel, Wayne Hoss was given oversight of technology-related projects He conducted neighborhood traffic patrols 
and worked in the K–9 unit. Narcotics, SWAT, major crimes and internal affairs were also en-trusted to Captain Hoss as he rose through the ranks. He also worked on the most serious crimes impacting the community including rob-bery, homicide and sexual assault. As you can see from this unusually broad list, there were very few responsibilities that he did not have during his 28 years of service to the people of San Mateo. I am sure that he has many sto-ries of difficult situations and also wonderful outcomes from the cases that he handled and the people he touched over these years. 
My staff and I found Captain Hoss to be 
highly responsive. He would anticipate our concerns, raise our awareness about security, and inform us about other activities in the community that we needed to know about in order to do our jobs better. His department noted in its letter to us that he worked hard to build trust with the community. We can say from our own experience that Captain Hoss was exceptional in the thoroughness of his communications and the support that he of-fered. 
San Mateo is a diverse city with a high qual-
ity of life. Its success is due in part to the dedication of the men and women of the San Mateo Police Department who face big-city policing challenges but also work in a city with a tight-knit sense of community. As spokes-person for the police department, leader and 
mentor, Wayne Hoss helped to create this quality of life and the tight relationship that the department has with populations originating from around the globe. I am sure that many of the skills that he demonstrated in San Mateo originated with his service in our nation’s armed forces as a military police officer. MP’s have to cope with many unusual situations and sometimes extremely dangerous oper-ating conditions. I want to offer my apprecia-tion to this veteran who turned his military ex-perience into service to his neighbors and friends in civilian life. 
In closing, I want to salute Captain Hoss 
upon the occasion of his retirement from the police department and the city that he served. He was a talented carpenter on a team that is adept at getting a tough job done right the first time. Retirement for a professional with enor-mous talent is merely a stepping stone to the next adventure. We thank Captain Hoss for his time in service to us all and wish him all the best in these next adventurous years. 
f 
REINTRODUCTION OF THE SOCIAL 
SECURITY FRAUD AND ERROR PREVENTION ACT 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, for nearly 80 
years, Social Security has been the bedrock of economic security for American families. Gen-erations of Americans have contributed to So-cial Security with every paycheck, earning birth-to-death protection for themselves and their families. As a result of their contribu-tions—$16.1 trillion over Social Security’s life-time—Social Security currently has a $2.8 tril-lion surplus. 
Social Security benefits are modest—about 
$15,000 a year for an average senior and even less for a disabled worker—but for most 
recipients, their Social Security paycheck is more than half their monthly income. 
As a representative of those Americans and 
the Ranking Democrat on the Social Security Subcommittee, I believe we have no more im-portant responsibility than to make sure that Americans receive their earned Social Security benefits on time and in full. That means pro-tecting Social Security beneficiaries from crimi-nals and fraudsters who try to scam them out of their benefits, and it also means protecting Social Security’s trust funds against fraud and errors so the money is available to pay earned benefits. And it means doing so in a way that does not delay needed benefits for honest, hard-working Americans. 
On occasion Social Security will provide a 
recipient more than they are entitled to. That overpayment rate is only a fraction of one per-cent (0.22%). Most of these overpayments are due to errors, but a small part is due to fraud. Social Security employees believe—and I agree with them—that we could do more to safeguard Social Security. 
Recently the Social Security Administration 
uncovered fraud conspiracies where Social Security contributions made by honest Ameri-cans were stolen to pay benefits to people who didn’t earn them. In one of the conspir-acies, the ringleaders even instructed people to pretend they were disabled as a result of the tragic events of September 11. Social Se-curity’s fraud investigators have also uncov-ered rings of criminals who electronically divert Americans’ Social Security checks into their own bank accounts. 
The good news is, when you invest in train-
ing highly qualified employees to protect So-cial Security, it pays off. Social Security’s front-line employees uncovered those recent cases of fraud. With the help of Social Secu-rity’s trained investigators, the ringleaders have been charged with felonies, the bene-ficiaries have been made whole, and Social Security has begun the process of recovering the money stolen from the trust fund. 
But the bad news is that these conspiracies 
show that Social Security is a tempting target for those willing to break the law. Recent Re-publican budget cuts have made it harder for Social Security to develop and use effective tools to fight them. 
That’s why, over a year ago, my colleagues 
and I decided Congress needed to do its part to protect Social Security. We introduced the Social Security Fraud and Error Prevention Act. Our bill would have given Social Security new tools to find fraud and errors, recoup money that should be in the trust funds, and thrown the book at people who steal from So-cial Security. 
Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in 
Congress failed to act on our proposal and continued to shortchange Social Security’s budget. This lack of leadership has had con-sequences for Americans. 
For example, Republican budget cuts mean 
Social Security has fewer fraud cops on the beat than it had five years ago. Our bill would guarantee Social Security’s fraud-fighting budget, expand SSA’s special fraud-busting investigative units to cover all 50 states, and increase prosecutions of people who steal from Social Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MR8.017 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E357 March 18, 2015 
Social Security has lost more than 5,000 
front-line workers to budget cuts. And Repub-licans in Congress blocked hundreds of mil-lions of dollars that the Budget Control Act au-thorized for SSA’s most cost-effective methods of preventing waste, fraud and abuse. 
Today, we are reintroducing the Social Se-
curity Fraud and Error Prevention Act, which would provide SSA with guaranteed funding for its most effective strategies to prevent fraud and errors. The bill will also provide ad-ditional resources to recoup benefits that shouldn’t have been paid, along with pen-alties, if the payments were the result of fraud. 
Our measure would demand something in 
exchange for the guaranteed money: complete transparency and accountability. Social Secu-rity could only use the dedicated funds for the most important and effective strategies. SSA would have to report annually to Congress how much was spent and what savings their efforts generated for Social Security’s trust funds. And the new funds would only be avail-able for additional fraud and error fighting—not to replace what SSA is already spending out of its regular budget. 
Our bill isn’t the complete answer to pro-
tecting Social Security’s trust fund. As we con-sulted Social Security employees, managers, experts, and beneficiary advocates, they all told us the same thing: the best defense against fraud and errors is a well-staffed, well- trained SSA. And for that to happen, Repub-licans in Congress have to agree to fund SSA’s overall budget. 
But providing guaranteed funding to fight 
fraud will at least spare SSA from having to choose between preventing fraud and proc-essing applications so that Americans receive the benefits they earned on time and in full. 
I hope we can work together in a bipartisan 
way to enact this bill and protect Social Secu-rity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
SCOTT JOHNSON TO THE TENTH DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
today I would like to extend my sincere appre-ciation to a dedicated staffer in the office of the Tenth Congressional District of Florida. Scott Johnson will soon be moving on to new opportunities at the House Committee on the Judiciary. 
Scott has done a wonderful job serving the 
people of Florida’s Tenth District since he joined my staff in October 2013. As the face of my DC front office, he has welcomed visi-tors to my office and to the People’s House, and demonstrated the responsiveness to the needs and concerns of the people of Florida’s Tenth District that this institution was formu-lated to reflect. Scott is enthusiastic, hard-working, and dedicated to service. He has been a valuable asset to the people of Florida. 
While I am sad to see Scott leave, I am 
grateful for his service. He will be truly missed in the office. I wish him success and fulfillment in his new position, knowing that his character and talents will assure him both, in this and any new adventure he chooses. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,428,120,668.55. We’ve 
added $7,525,551,071,755.47 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
MIRIAM GALVAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Miriam Galvan for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Miriam Galvan is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Miriam 
Galvan is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Mir-
iam Galvan for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONORING SPENCER COLE 
GOULDSMITH 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Spencer Cole Gouldsmith. Spencer is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an ac-tive part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 264, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Spencer has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Spencer has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Spencer has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Spencer Cole Gouldsmith for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. HONORING DR. KENNETH DOBBINS 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and thank Dr. Kenneth Dobbins for his significant contributions to Missouri’s higher education system over the past two decades. After a distinguished fifteen year ten-ure, Dr. Dobbins has announced his plans to retire from his position as the president of Southeast Missouri State University at the end of this year’s spring semester. His leadership will be difficult to replace and will undoubtedly be missed. 
During his tenure as president of Southeast 
Missouri State University, the university and its programs were nationally recognized by pres-tigious publications such as U.S. News and the Princeton Review. SMSU increased ac-cess to higher education for many Missou-rians, and enrollment increased steadily each year under Dr. Dobbins’ leadership. In 1994, only about 7,900 students attended SMSU. But, as a result of his continued guidance, en-rollment for the fall semester of 2014 has in-creased to 12,087 students. 
This gradual increase in enrollment is attrib-
uted to Dr. Dobbins’ goal of making Southeast Missouri State University’s enrollment rep-resentative of diversity of the state of Missouri. Moreover, throughout Dr. Dobbins’ tenure ac-cess to higher education increased dramati-cally with record enrollments in the SMSU’s 25-county service region as a result of re-gional campuses in Sikeston and Kennett serving place-bound students in and near those rural communities. 
Dr. Dobbins also served a two-year term as 
president of the Missouri Council on Public Higher Education, which is the organization for presidents and chancellors of Missouri’s public colleges and universities. In addition, in 2007 he was selected to serve a three-year term on the American Association of State Colleges and Universities Board of Directors, an organi-zation which represents over 420 U.S. public college and university presidents, which equates to 56 percent of the enrollment at all public four-year institutions. 
I am extremely proud of all that Dr. Dobbins 
has done for Missouri’s higher education sys-tem. It is my honor to recognize him before the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present for roll call votes # 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, and 118 because I was attending the funeral of community leader and former United Auto Workers vice president General Holiefield in Detroit. Had I been present, I would have voted AYE on roll call votes # 113, 114, 115, and 118 and NAY on roll call #116 and #117. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR8.004 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E358 March 18, 2015 
IN HONOR OF CHARLENE WHEEL-
ER OF SOUTH BOSTON AND BRAINTREE, MASSACHUSETTS 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Charlene Wheeler, in recognition of her outstanding contributions to the Massa-chusetts Bay Transportation Authority and to commend her for 32 years of dedicated serv-ice to the MBTA and the South Boston com-munity where Charlene was raised. 
The daughter of Robert and Mary McGinn, 
natives of South Boston, MA, Charlene was born on May 5th, 1955 in South Boston and lived all over the neighborhood, from D Street to Middle Street to Dorchester St. until she moved to Braintree, MA with her family in 1991. Charlene attended the John Boyle O’Reilly School, Cardinal Cushing and South Boston High School, graduating in 1973. 
Prior to joining the MBTA, Charlene worked 
a number of jobs in her South Boston commu-nity including as a counselor with Jobs for Youth. Additionally, Charlene volunteered her time by teaching Catholic education at St. Brigid’s School where her children attended. 
In her time with the MBTA, Charlene held a 
number of positions, starting as Track Walker and progressing to her final position as Train Starter for the Red Line. At times, Charlene was one of the first females to hold positions of authority at the ‘‘T’’ and always did so with the mindset of professionalism and equality. She took pride in each position she held at the MBTA and made endless contributions to the Authority. 
Mr. Speaker, Charlene is known for her car-
ing heart, outgoing personality, and her dedi-cation to family, friends and her work. Charlene has had the good fortune to be mar-ried to her high school sweetheart, Chuckie Wheeler for 35 years. They are the proud par-ents of three children and three grandchildren, with a fourth on the way. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to take 
the floor of the House today to join with Charlene Wheeler’s family, friends, and con-temporaries to thank her for 32 years of re-markable service to the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority and the communities of South Boston and Braintree in which she lived and worked. 
f 
AYLA SCHUETZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Ayla Schuetz for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ayla Schuetz is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Ayla 
Schuetz is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-
cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Ayla 
Schuetz for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF FLEXIBILITY 
FOR WORKING FAMILIES ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, across all sectors and industries, flexible work arrangements are a key to meet-ing the 21st century’s diverse workforce needs. Such voluntary arrangements have been shown to boost employee satisfaction and their physical and mental health as well as improve businesses bottom line by helping to retain key talent, reduce absenteeism, and enhance employee productivity. 
Flexible workplace policies are a win-win for 
businesses and workers. To help promote these policies, I am introducing the Flexibility for Working Families Act. This legislation guar-antees employees the right to request flexible work arrangements and provides employers with flexibility by encouraging them to review these requests, propose changes, and even deny them if they are not in the best interest of the business. Such voluntary arrangements between employees and employers include changing the time, amount, and/or place that work is conducted. 
It is time for our country’s workplace policies 
to reflect the reality of a 21st century econ-omy—where both parents are working and overtime is expected. I urge my colleagues to support the Flexibility for Working Families Act, and I thank Sen. B
OBCASEY for his work 
on this important legislation. 
f 
HONORING DANIEL GARNETT 
SHAY 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Daniel Garnett Shay. Daniel is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 264, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Daniel has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Daniel has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Dan-iel has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Daniel Garnett Shay for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the 
highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND 
BRAVERY OF JAMES A. CARTER 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and memory of a very special constituent of mine, James A. Carter. 
James Carter was born on January 28, 
1921, in Hannibal, Missouri, and passed away on February 22, 2015. 
On that infamous day in 1941, James was 
stationed at the Pearl Harbor military base in Hawaii as a machinist. As you already know, on December 7, 1941, the Japanese Imperial Navy launched a surprise attack on the U.S. Naval Fleet stationed in Pearl Harbor. This heinous act by the Japanese Empire struck a massive blow to our armed forces in the Pa-cific theater of operations, costing the lives of over 2,400 people. 
None could have anticipated the events that 
occurred that day, but even as fiery death rained down upon servicemen and civilians alike, the brave men and women of Pearl Har-bor rose to meet the occasion. On that day, James himself, caring nothing for his own life or safety, swam time and time again through the raging inferno of burning oil which blanketed the surface of the harbor, dragging many back to safety on the shore. James sought no recognition for his actions that day, and never spoke of his valiant actions upon returning to civilian life. 
I raise my voice today to honor, in memo-
rial, the life of a brave and humble man. I am deeply honored to recognize James Carter and his service to our nation. May his life be an example to us all. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and missed roll call votes 113, 114, and 115. If present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 113, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 114, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 115. 
f 
ROBERT CHRYSAFIS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Robert Chrysafis for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Robert Chrysafis is a 12th grader at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Robert 
Chrysafis is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MR8.008 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E359 March 18, 2015 
perseverance. It is essential students at all 
levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Rob-
ert Chrysafis for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING CARLOS 
VILLARREAL 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate a noteworthy American: Carlos Villarreal. From April of 2007 until 2014, Mr. Villarreal served as City Manager of Laredo, Texas. In his own words, he worked diligently to ‘‘shape the growth and prosperity of [his] community.’’ 
Carlos Villarreal graduated from Texas A&M 
University with a Bachelor of Arts in Public Ad-ministration. He began his career in public service with the City of Laredo, serving as the Director of Community Development. During his time in this role, he became the depart-ment’s chief planner and director for the re-newal of urban housing programs, working tirelessly to ensure affordable housing for low- income Laredoans. Mr. Villarreal then served as the Assistant City Manager for ten years and went on to become the Executive Admin-istrator for Webb County, where he oversaw the administration and management of all county departments and worked with county officials to improve county services. For the past eight years, Mr. Villarreal has served as the City Manager of Laredo. 
With his experience in government spanning 
over thirty-five years, Mr. Villarreal success-fully procured two presidential permits for the Colombia Solidarity Bridge and World Trade Bridge, both of which allowed Laredo’s port to become the country’s number one land port for commercial trade. He has also maintained a valuable working relationship with the Mexi-can government at the local, state, and federal levels. 
Mr. Villarreal has also served as Past Presi-
dent of LULAC Council #12. He is the recipi-ent of various awards such as the Republic of Mexico-Jose Lopez Portillo Presidential Medal for Outstanding Service, the Sportsman of the Year by the Latin American International Sports Hall of Fame, and the Tejano Achiev-ers Award for Community Service. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-
portunity to recognize Carlos Villarreal for his outstanding service to the City of Laredo and its people. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LYDIA I. 
BEEBE 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Lydia I. Beebe, a leader in the Bay Area and role model for women in corporate America, 
who is retiring after a remarkable career at Chevron Corporation that spanned four dec-ades. For the last 20 years, Lydia served as the Corporate Secretary and Chief Govern-ance Officer. In addition, she served as the secretary of the board, the Executive Com-mittee and the Board Nominating and Govern-ance Committee. 
Lydia’s history with Chevron dates back to 
1977 when she originally joined as a contract attorney. She then worked as a legislative rep-resentative in Washington, D.C. from 1981– 1985, and a senior management and tax counsel in the tax department from 1985– 1995. 
Lydia’s competent, calm and clear advice 
has earned her the trust and admiration of the Board of Directors senior management at Chevron. Her leadership style has also earned her my trust and admiration. I had the great privilege of working with Lydia Beebe on the Board of Directors of PBWC, the Professional Business Women of California, an organiza-tion I founded 26 years ago to give women a platform to connect and help each other grow and thrive. Lydia helped guide PBWC from 1998–2003, the last two years as chair of the board. 
For Lydia, no problem is ever life-threat-
ening and there is always a Plan B. Her con-tributions to PBWC were and remain invalu-able to the organization and in 1996 she de-servedly was awarded the ‘‘Breakthrough Award.’’ 
As you can surmise from Lydia’s achieve-
ments in the corporate world, she is a trail-blazer who simply ignored the glass ceiling and burst through it. Her impact reaches far beyond one company. She is a frequent speaker and panelist addressing corporate governance topics. She has also been very active with the Society of Corporate Secre-taries and Governance Professionals. 
Lydia Beebe is a native of Kansas and 
earned her bachelor’s degree in journalism in 1974 and her Juris Doctor degree in 1977 from the University of Kansas. She moved to California and received her master’s degree in taxation from Golden Gate University in 1980. 
We in California are extraordinarily fortunate 
that she relocated from the Midwest. Her intel-ligence, resolve and philanthropy have bene-fited many organizations and countless individ-uals. Lydia serves on the National Association of Corporate Directors of Northern California, the San Francisco Symphony, and the advi-sory board of the Arthur and Toni Rembe Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford. Lydia was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Presidio Trust in 2003 by President George W. Bush and served until 2008. In 1991, she was appointed by Gov-ernor Pete Wilson to the California Fair Em-ployment and Housing Commission where she served for eight years, from 1995–1999 as chair. 
As a Golden Gate University graduate, she 
served as board secretary and member of the executive committee and received the 2004 Alumna of the Year award. She was also a member of the San Francisco Municipal Fiscal Advisory Committee to the mayor for more than 10 years. 
But Lydia, with her inexhaustible energy, 
didn’t abandon her roots; she also serves on the governing boards of the Kansas University Endowment Association and the Kansas Uni-versity Law Alumni. At the University of Dela-
ware, the John L. Weinberg Center and Cor-porate Governance is lucky to have her on the advisory board. 
In her retirement, she will undoubtedly enjoy 
more time with her husband Charles Doyle and their three children Bion, Jason and Lou-ise. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to rise with me to honor an amazing woman whom Chevron named its first woman officer, whom the San Francisco Business Times named one of the most influential busi-nesswomen in the Bay Area for eight con-secutive years, and whom I feel humbled to count as a dear friend and irreplaceable ad-viser. Lydia Beebe is a role model for women and men everywhere. I am honored to con-gratulate her on her retirement from Chevron on the eve of the 26th PBWC conference. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LANCASTER HIGH 
SCHOOL, TEXAS’S 2015 CLASS 5A STATE BASKETBALL CHAMPIONS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the Lan-caster High School Tigers for winning the State of Texas title in the class 5A State Bas-ketball Championship on Saturday, March 14, 2015. On behalf of all the proud residents of the 30th Congressional District of Texas, I stand with great pride to salute the Tigers for their unmatched athleticism, dedication, perse-verance and teamwork. This victory is historic. The 2015 State Championship Team is the 100th basketball team in Lancaster I.S.D.’s history, and they are the first team to ever bring home this title to the great City of Lan-caster. 
The Lancaster Tigers worked hard through-
out the season in preparation for the challenge that awaited them in San Antonio, Texas. The Tigers entered the 2015 State Tournament on a remarkable 27 game winning streak. After a hard fought battle with the Clifton J. Ozen Panthers of Beaumont, Texas, the Tigers emerged victorious. The team was led by Sen-ior Forward, Elijah Thomas, a Top 20 pick, who contributed seventeen points to the team’s winning score of 59–47. 
The talented young men who make up Lan-
caster’s remarkable team have assembled a fine record ending the season with 33 wins and only 4 losses. Members of the team in-clude: Junior Power Forward, Nate Morris; Senior Point Guard, Antwoin Portley; Junior Shooting Guard and Forward, JaColby Pem-berton; and Junior Guard, Deon Barrett. 
This accomplishment is a testament to the 
inspirational leadership of Head Coach, Ferrin Douglas and his Varsity Assistant coach, Mr. Joseph Mayberry. Coach Douglas has built an impressive basketball program at Lancaster High School during his 9 year tenure. ‘‘Coach Doug,’’ as he is affectionately called, provides guidance that his players describe as crucial in helping them realize their potential both on and off the court. 
On behalf of the 30th District of Texas, I ask 
my colleagues to join me in celebrating the ac-complishments of the Lancaster High School 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18MR8.020 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E360 March 18, 2015 
basketball team for their victory in the 2015 
Texas Class 5A State Basketball Champion-ship. We are proud of your accomplishment, and we share in the pride and excitement felt by the city of Lancaster, Texas, the Super-intendant of Lancaster I.S.D., Mr. Michael McFarland, the Principal of Lancaster High School, Mr. Michael Showell and the entire school. 
f 
HONORING DEVIN M CCOMBS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Devin McCombs. Devin is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 395, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Devin has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Devin has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Devin has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Devin McCombs for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
BIANCA MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Bianca Mar-tinez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Bianca Martinez is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Bianca 
Martinez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Bianca Martinez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
HONORING LT. COLONEL GREG 
GADSON 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor one of America’s finest, Lt. Colonel Greg Gadson who is in command of Ft. 
Belvoir in Virginia, a graduate of West Point in 1989. Greg was also a star linebacker on the United States Army football team. Greg, a twenty-year veteran, has received three bronze stars and a purple heart. While serving in Operation Iraq Freedom, he was almost killed as the commander of a surge unit by an IED explosion, losing both of his legs. He has since done nothing but climbed mountain after mountain. He is also well-known as an inspira-tional public speaker, and many give him cred-it for helping inspire the New York Giants to their Super Bowl XLVI season. He has also appeared in the movie ‘‘Battleship’’ and truly is an American hero and a man for all seasons. I submit this poem, penned in his honor by Al-bert Carey Caswell. 
HOLD THAT LINE  
Hold 
That 
Line All in our lifetimes Past what new goal lines will we so drive? When, it all so seems our backs are up 
against the wall to find 
All in these the moments of our lives Coming off that line All in hearts now carried deep What promises to ourselves will we so keep? To find the faith and courage to compete To strive Will we get up and fight? When it all so lies on the line And hold That Line Or will we give in, In these our darkest of all nights as they 
begin? 
Or will we go deep? All in our hearts of honor so to seek Whether, on football fields of green Or out upon most heroic battlefields of honor 
seen 
You Lt. Colonel Gadson, Have always gleamed Will our hearts choose to stand and fight, To compete? All in the seeds we’ve sown so deep All in our hearts to reap Emanating from somewhere inside, So down so very deep Is the place Lt. Colonel, Where all of your promises you would so 
keep 
All in your strength in honor which speaks To be the best as you would seek All in your actions, And deeds Firing out across that line to death to beat Tackling all of those obstacles in your way 
to compete 
As so gallantly you sow heroism seeds As why in the game of life you shine so bril-
liantly 
As it’s your faith Greg you were so to keep Running from end to end, As up ahead you would lead To take control and command To hold That Line As there you’d stand When this battle before you so lie As across that goal line of life for victory 
you’d strive 
All because of men like you Colonel who so 
courageously compete 
We all may live in peace Because, in the game of life It’s all about digging in, And digging in deep 
Through thick and thin, How far we are all willing to go for victory 
to reach 
To Hold That Line To walk through that valley of death, With clenched fists to one day Heaven reach For these are the things in life which speak And who have we saved? And who have we blessed? And what have we taught to pass that test? By all our actions, whom have we reached By our examples to beseech Will we stand up and go deep? As have you Colonel, As to such new heights you’d so reach In this new battle you began, And you so chose to fight and stand While, all in the midst of hell As your most courageous heart began to 
swell 
And you had to start all over again Without your once strong legs upon which 
you so ran 
As you looked down as the red blood ran As in that moment your new battle so began Being from The Point, Your heart gave you a command To hold That Line As once again it was first and goal With your back to the wall As you had to plug up all those holes, And somehow find the strength to stand To tackle all that misery at hand And somehow hold That Line As you had done before, Time and time again As somehow you got up and stood, And started your whole life over as you 
would 
Listening to your heart, As you brought tears to all our eyes Thanking your Father and your brothers for 
being alive 
As a winner in that game of life you crossed 
that recovery goal line 
As Greg you crushed it As death you sacked it Firing out to victory to find And Colonel, 
If I ever have a son I pray to God, He could lead a life like yours as won Who when it was all on the line, Did not thing think twice To win that day, that fight As a winner before us now stands here this 
night 
Because it’s on our legs we stand But it’s with our hearts we run to daylight And we Hold That Line For Greg you are Army strong And why such men as you and MacArthur to 
The Point so belong 
Whose hearts of honor in history will live on Hoo ah 
Mr. Speaker, before I close, I ask everyone 
to continue to pray for our country and for our military men and women that protect it. 
God bless the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR8.014 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E361 March 18, 2015 
HONORING THE CAREER AND AC-
COMPLISHMENTS OF DUNKIRK FIRE CHIEF KEITH AHLSTROM 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career and accomplishments of he-roic member of the Western New York com-munity, Dunkirk Fire Chief Keith Ahlstrom, on the occasion of his retirement after a remark-able career. 
Since joining the Fire Department in 1979, 
Ahlstrom has provided wonderful leadership, serving as chief for the last 8 years. His team of 25 paid firefighters and numerous volun-teers work together to provide safety for the residents of Dunkirk. Ahlstrom follows his brother, who also recently retired from the fire service, but his 35 years of committed work will not be forgotten. 
Along with his tenure as Fire Chief, Keith 
Ahlstrom also served as valuable member of the community, spending time as a high school baseball umpire and serving as the most senior Chautauqua County legislator. Ahlstrom looks forward to spending time with his children and grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to deeply thank 
Keith Ahlstrom for his dedicated years of serv-ice and sacrifice for his community. We wish him all of the greatest happiness in his future. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MAIME 
ERNA STRIEBER SHEPPERD 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Maime Erna Strieber Shepperd. Maime passed away in January, just weeks after celebrating her ninety-seventh birthday. Bright from a young age, Maime graduated high school as class valedictorian at the age of fifteen and enrolled in the Uni-versity of Texas at Austin Journalism School. It was at the University of Texas where she met her husband of 51 years, the late John Ben Shepperd. They were married shortly after her graduation. 
Maime and John raised four children to-
gether, living in both Austin and Odessa throughout their marriage. She was first-lady to John’s political career, first as Texas Sec-retary of State and then as Attorney General. When the family moved to Odessa, Maime got involved with many cultural, philanthropic, and political organizations. She served on the board for the West Texas Rehabilitation Cen-ter and founded the Crystal Ball, an annual benefit event. She was also involved as a board member for the Midland-Odessa Sym-phony, and was tapped by the New York Met-ropolitan Opera to serve as their West Texas representative. 
During Lyndon Johnson’s campaign for 
president in 1964, Maime served as the Chair-man of the Ladies for Lyndon West Texas committee. She also joined Lady Bird Johnson on the whistle-stop Lady Bird Special train as it toured eight southern states. Maime’s legacy also extends to the University of Texas Per-
mian Basin’s library. As the Odessa chairman of the book drive which founded the library in the early 1970s, she helped obtain over 300,000 books to start the collection that stu-dents at the University of Texas Permian Basin still use to this day. 
Maime’s dedication to her many cultural and 
philanthropic pursuits was admirable, as was the stable and loving home she provided for her family. She is survived by her son and daughter-in-law, Alfred and Honey Shepperd, her daughter and son-in-law, Suzanne and Gary McIntosh, nine grandchildren, and twenty great-grandchildren. Please join me in remem-bering the extraordinary life of Maime Shepperd. 
f 
YURITZI MORA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Yuritzi Mora for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Yuritzi Mora is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Yuritzi 
Mora is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Yuritzi Mora for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
REMEMBERING A HEINOUS AT-
TACK AGAINST THE KURDISH PEOPLE 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pause and remember a heinous attack against the Kurdish people that occurred 27 years ago this week. 
On March 16, 1988, Saddam Hussein’s re-
gime dropped chemical weapons on the city of Halabja, killing 5,000 innocent men, women, and children. 
Thousands more suffered permanent inju-
ries. 
This crime against humanity was the worst 
part of a larger campaign of more than 40 gas attacks aimed at exterminating the Kurds. 
The Kurdish people, however, have proudly 
persevered, rebuilt, and now provide stability and an ally in an often unstable region. 
Today, while we look back on this solemn 
anniversary, it is important to offer our grati-tude to the Kurdish people for their courage and sacrifice in the current fight to defeat our mutual enemy ISIL. THANKS MR. BASEM MUALLEM 
FOR YOUR SERVICE TO CALTRANS DISTRICT 8 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bid 
farewell to Basem Muallem who will be retiring after 29 years with Caltrans at the end of March. A true man of the people, Muallem will always be remembered as an extraordinary leader who listened and understood the grow-ing infrastructure needs of Riverside and San Bernardino Counties. As District 8 Director, Muallem is currently responsible for the largest of the 12 statewide Caltrans districts geo-graphically, with four interstates and 32 routes totaling over 7,000 lane miles within its bound-aries. Muallem manages a staff of 1,280 and 
an operating budget of $181 million. He over-sees all facets of design, construction, oper-ation and maintenance of the state highway system in the greater Inland Empire region. Muallem works in partnership with both re-gional transportation and local resource agen-cies to provide a safe and reliable highway network for the traveling public. For as long as I have been in public office, our region con-tinues to face massive growth. As more peo-ple, businesses and vehicles come into the area, the challenges of providing a highway system to meet the region’s growing needs in-crease. Muallem has been a good friend to these needs in the various positions he has held within Caltrans. What’s next for him you might ask? Muallem, who holds a Bachelors of Science degree in biology, and a Bachelors and Masters of Science degrees in Civil Engi-neering is headed to Parsons corporation, an engineering and construction company. I wish him the best of luck in his new endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. CARL 
DJERASSI 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the iconic Dr. Carl Djerassi who died at the age of 91 on January 30, 2015. In the weeks since his death, a great deal has been said about Dr. Djerassi. 
Most of these comments focus on his key 
role in developing the contraceptive pill. Be-cause Dr. Djerassi and two other scientists were able to synthesize norethindrone, a key ingredient of the pill was finally available for widespread use and commercialization. The human race owes Dr. Djerassi a great deal. 
Because women were finally able to control 
their own fertility, they were able to spend time in school, obtain work and to fully join the economy. Millennia spent bearing children and being denied education and advancement due to the demands of raising children were now upended in those nations that embraced artifi-cial contraception. The pill is often character-ized as a great advancement for women but in truth all human beings were advanced as women were freed to increasingly contribute their talents and intellect fully to the great re-search and economic challenges of their eras. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MR8.016 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E362 March 18, 2015 
For this reason alone, Carl Djerassi should be 
heralded as an advocate for human rights and economic development. 
Dr. Djerassi came to the United States with 
his mother as a refugee from a Europe in-creasingly dominated by Nazi Germany. After writing to Eleanor Roosevelt about his impov-erished state, but inquiring mind, she offered him a scholarship. It was a fateful offer for Carl Djerassi and for human beings globally. Dr. Djerassi graduated summa cum laude from Kenyon College before his 19th birthday and then earned his doctorate in chemistry from the University of Wisconsin. He subse-quently worked for or founded several private companies, including early work for Syntex, the company that commercialized norethindrone into the pill. His research was also key to the synthesizing of antihistamines and cortisone. 
After positions at a number of other univer-
sities, Dr. Djerassi moved to Stanford where he conducted research and taught for dec-ades. He was the ultimate professor who, be-cause of his extraordinarily high standards, did not suffer fools gladly. Stanford University indi-cated that Dr. Djerassi published more than 1,200 scientific papers, and made early and important contributions in many areas of chemistry, including the use of analytical tools of chemistry such as mass spectrometry, mag-netic circular dichroism and optical rotary dis-persion. Those he mentored remarked on his willingness to look after their careers despite an extraordinary schedule that at times com-mitted him to travelling 100,000 miles per year. In 1973, Dr. Djerassi was awarded the National Medal of Science by President Nixon. Stanford noted that he was the only awardee to simultaneously be given that award by the President while also being on Nixon’s enemies list. 
In our region, Carl Djerassi was also known 
for his extraordinary love of art, poetry, and his books of ‘‘science-in-fiction.’’ According to those who knew him well, his short stories, novels and plays provided unusual detail about the lives and difficult choices of sci-entists who bear the burdens of historic dis-coveries. 
Mr. Speaker, some individuals leave as their 
legacy an endowment or a building or fond memories of a life well lived. At least from my perspective, Carl Djerassi left us all something that is much more valuable than any of these gifts: He gave us options in life. Thanks to Carl Djerassi, we can choose to live as human beings have lived for tens of thousands of years or we can acknowledge that human beings may seek a different path—one of self- determination and thus personal responsibility to leave the world a better place than when we entered it. Carl Djerassi left the world a much better place than when he entered it, having explored the greatest secrets of chem-istry and some of the most difficult moral di-lemmas confronted by inquiring minds. He was truly a man for all ages, and we can only hope that his insights passed down through these past decades will endure and be im-proved upon for decades yet to come. RECOGNIZING ROBERT LEE FINK 
FOR HIS SERVICE 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Robert Lee Fink for his 50 years of dedicated service to the field of Emergency Medical Services. Bob’s EMS career began when he was just 12 years old, when he wit-nessed an 8 year old unconscious boy being pulled from a public swimming pool. The boy was placed upon the ground, but no one ren-dered aid to him. This was before CPR, but as a Sea Scout, Bob was taught the Holger-Niel-son back pressure arm lift, which saved the boy’s life. 
This is what drove Bob to become a life-
guard, a career he officially began at 16 when he took his first CPR and first aid classes through the City of New York. A few years later, Bob was granted a waiver by the Mayor of New York City to become the first lay per-son to be a CPR instructor. After graduating college, Bob had a successful 20 year career promoting health and fitness as a Physical Education teacher in Bedford Stuyvesant. In 1977, Bob became an EMT and then in 1979, he became a Critical Care EMT. A few years later, in 1988, Bob was honored with the New York State Advanced Medical Technician of the year. This honor was bestowed upon him for saving the life of a 12 year old boy who was submerged in the waters of Lake Ronkonkoma. 
Bob went on to become an EMT instructor 
in 1996, and since then, he has prepared thousands of students to become EMT’s and Critical Care EMT’s. At the age of 60, Bob re-turned to school yet again to become a Para-medic as one of the oldest students in his class at St. Vincent’s Catholic Medical Center. 
To this day, Bob remains dedicated to serv-
ing the public, continuing to volunteer and serve his community as a mentor and a Para-medic. Today, I thank and congratulate Bob for his 50 years of dedication and service. 
f 
CARLY BAUER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Carly Bauer for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Carly Bauer is a 12th grader at Ralston Valley High School and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Carly 
Bauer is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Carly Bauer for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-
complishments. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL 
GRAVES, FAIA 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Michael Graves, FAIA, a prominent and respected architect, who passed away last Thursday March 12, 2015 at the age of 80 at his home in Princeton, NJ. 
Mr. Graves was born in Indianapolis on July 
9, 1934. Upon graduating from Broad Ripple High School in 1952, he went on to pursue a bachelor’s degree in architecture at the Uni-versity of Cincinnati. Enamored with design, Mr. Graves went on to obtain a masters de-gree in architecture from Harvard University, before teaching at Princeton University as the Robert Schirmer Professor of Architecture, Emeritus, a pursuit that would turn into a 40- 
year career. 
While at Princeton, Mr. Graves was an in-
spiring professor who taught architectural de-sign and theory to thousands of under-graduate and graduate architecture students, as well as extending his reach beyond Prince-ton through serving as guest lecturer at over 1,000 public conferences. 
In 1964, Mr. Graves founded his own firm, 
now called Michael Graves Architecture & De-sign or MGA&D. in Princeton, NJ. Since its es-tablishment, Mr. Graves has been tasked with designing everything from office buildings, re-sorts and retail stores, to hospitals, monu-ments and university buildings. Renowned across the country as one of the New York Five, a group that redefined modernism in ar-chitecture, Mr. Graves became among the most celebrated of the postmodernist archi-tects in the 1980’s. 
Mr. Graves designed more than 350 build-
ings around the world. Among his most nota-ble projects are the Netherlands Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in The Hague, the Walt Disney Co. corporate headquarters in Burbank, CA, the NCAA Hall of Champions, the Newark Museum, and an innovative de-sign scaffolding for the Washington Monument Restoration here in our nation’s capital. He and his firm have designed over 2,500 prod-ucts for manufacturers and retailers. Mr. Graves received more than 300 awards and citations, including the National Medal of Arts presented by President Bill Clinton in 1999 for his exceptional achievements in architecture, design and education. In 2001, he was award-ed the Gold Medal from the American Institute of Architects (AIA), the highest honor the AIA bestows on an individual whose body of work has had a lasting influence on the theory and practice of architecture. 
Mr. Graves received 14 honorary degrees 
from various universities, including Rutgers, NJIT, Emory University, the University of Vir-ginia, and the University of Miami. In his most recent project, Mr. Graves established the Mi-chael Graves School of Architecture at Kean University in New Jersey and Wenzou-Kean University in China, where his architectural legacy will continue for generations to come. 
As a United States Congressman, it is my 
great honor to recognize and commemorate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18MR8.020 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E363 March 18, 2015 
the life of Michael Graves. I am proud to say 
that he was from my home state—truly his im-pact was felt in New Jersey and throughout the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues, Mr. Graves’ coworkers, family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing Mr. Michael Graves. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
THE ‘‘THE BORINQUENEERS’’ 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the brave individuals listed below for their service in the U.S. Army’s 65th Infantry Regiment, an all-volunteer Puerto Rican unit known as ‘‘the Borinqueneers.’’ This excep-tional group of veterans has made Central Florida their home. As their representative, it is my honor to recognize each one of them for their service to our nation. 
Aida I. Rodriguez, Andre Vergara, Andres 
Medina, Angel L. Mendoza, Anibal Albertorio, Carlos Diaz-Husband, Carlos Guffain, Carlos Soya, Celio Freytes Melendez, David Flores Mendez, Despian Quilles, Diego Melendez, Edwin Aviles, Efrain Diaz, Enrique De Jesus. 
Enrique Quin ˜ones, Epifonio Agosto, Eriberto 
DeJesus, Esteban Alejandro, Felipe Ramos Gonzalez, Feliz Lopez, Ferdinand Lopez, Francisco Mendez Lugo, Fransisco Torregoza, German R. Colon, Gilberto Ramirez, Gisele Ayala-Granddaughter, Hector M. Perez, Jesus Asencio, Jose A. Feria. 
Jose Alujo, Jose Angel Colon, Jose ´A´ngel 
Ramı´rez, Jose Mercado Pacheco, Jose 
Semidey, Jose Troche, Juan B. Melendez Rodriguez, Juan Bautista, Juan Ramos Flores, Leonardo Justiniano, Leonardo Zeno, Luis F. Suarez, Luis Martinez, Luis Mun ˜oz, Luis Rami-
rez. 
Luis Sabater, Marcia Mojica, Moises Rivera, 
Narcisco Villot, Nelson Gonzalez, Nestali Franco Baez, Nicolas Ayala, Osvaldo Alva-rado, Osvaldo Rivera, Pedro Martinez, Rafael Donis, Rafael Gonzalez, Rafael Lopez Machado, Rafael Martinez Negron. 
Ramon Mendez, Raul Aldarondo Galdan, 
Raul E. Reyes Castaneira, Raymond Medina, Richard Acosta Guerreo, Ruben Aquino, Sam-uel Collazo, Santiago Villafan ˜e, Victor M. 
Rosario, Victor Mesias, Victor Ortiz, Victor Roldan, Wilfredo Lopez. 
Mr. Speaker, I am happy to honor these 
members of the 65th Infantry Regiment for their exceptional service to our nation. 
f 
HONORING AUSTIN CONWAY 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Austin Conway. Austin is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 395, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Austin has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Austin has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Aus-tin has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Austin Conway for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF SUPERMARKET 
TAX CREDIT FOR UNDERSERVED AREAS ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Supermarket Tax Credit for Un-derserved Areas Act, which I introduced ear-lier today. If enacted, this bill would provide tax incentives for the establishment of super-markets in urban and rural areas without ac-cess to fresh food. 
It is hard to believe, but more than 23 mil-
lion Americans, including many residents in my hometown of Memphis, Tennessee, live in communities that lack access to fresh food. I believe that is simply unacceptable in a nation as great as ours. 
No American should have to live in a so- 
called, ‘‘food desert.’’ According to the Depart-ment of Agriculture, a ‘‘food desert’’ is a low income neighborhood that lacks grocery stores within a 1 mile proximity for urban residents and 10 miles for rural residents. Many families in these neighborhoods face transportation challenges and rely on corner convenience stores that often stock processed snack prod-ucts (potato chips, soft drinks, and candy) rather than fresh meat and produce. Studies have shown that access to healthy food choices can help prevent many diet-related ill-nesses, including diabetes, obesity, hyper-tension, heart disease and digestive diseases. 
That is why I introduced Supermarket Tax 
Credit for Underserved Areas Act. This legisla-tion seeks to reduce food deserts, create jobs and boost local economies by increasing the rehabilitation tax credit for supermarkets that open stores in food desert communities. The bill would also increase the work employment tax credit for supermarkets that hire disadvan-taged youth, community residents, veterans and ex-felons. Finally, Supermarket Tax Credit for Underserved Areas Act would provide a tax credit for supermarkets that purchase their fresh fruits and vegetables from local growers. 
I urge my colleagues to support this much 
needed legislation. 
f 
CRUZ GARCIA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Cruz Garcia for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service 
Ambassadors for Youth award. Cruz Garcia is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Cruz Gar-
cia is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Cruz 
Garcia for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for 
printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
March 19, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 24 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States Middle East policy. 
SH–216 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine waters of 
the United States, focusing on stake-holder perspectives on the impacts of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s proposed rule. 
SD–106 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the regu-
latory regime for regional banks. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security 
To hold hearings to examine surface 
transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on performance, not prescription. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine manage-
ment reforms to improve forest health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18MR8.022 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E364 March 18, 2015 
and socioeconomic opportunities on 
the nation’s forest system. 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine continuing 
America’s leadership, focusing on ad-vancing research and development for patients. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on assessing the im-pact of transnational crime. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Sally Quillian Yates, of Geor-gia, to be Deputy Attorney General, Department of Justice. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Judiciary. 
SD–138 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, 
and Investment 
To hold hearings to examine capital for-
mation and reducing small business burdens. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, 
Safety, and Security 
To hold hearings to examine unmanned 
aircraft systems, focusing on key con-siderations regarding safety, innova-tion, economic impact, and privacy. 
SR–253 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Vet-
erans Choice Act, focusing on exploring 
the distance criteria. 
SR–418 MARCH 25 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program. 
SD–192 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To hold hearings to examine Navy and 
Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on understanding and addressing the root causes of Central American migration to the United States. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Paul A. Folmsbee, of Okla-homa, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Mali, Mary Catherine Phee, of Il-linois, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of South Sudan, and Cassandra Q. Butts, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, all of the Department of State. 
SD–419 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine the fight 
against Alzheimer’s disease, focusing on a treatment by 2025. 
SD–106 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine the current 
state of readiness of U.S. forces in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-
ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 26 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Central 
Command, U.S. Africa Command and U.S. Special Operations Command pro-grams and budget in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on defining the cur-rent population living in the shadows and addressing future flows. 
SD–342 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland 
To hold hearings to examine Army mod-
ernization in review of the Defense Au-
thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18MR8.000 E18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D296 Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1591–S1635. 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-eight bills and four 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 768–795, S.J. Res. 10–11, and S. Res. 103–104. 
                                                                                    Pages S1628–29 
Measures Reported: 
S. 792, to expand sanctions imposed with respect 
to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with re-spect to Iran.
                                                                Page S1628 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 178, to 
provide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                         Pages S1596–S1625 
Pending: 
Portman Amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to en-able State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child vic-tims of sex trafficking.
                             Pages S1596–S1625 
Portman Amendment No. 271, to amend the def-
inition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth.
                Pages S1596–S1625 
Vitter Amendment No. 284 (to Amendment No. 
271), to amend section 301 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citi-zens of the United States at birth.
     Pages S1596–S1625 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
The motion to proceed to the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on March 17, 2015, was agreed to.
                        Page S1614 
The motion to reconsider the vote by which clo-
ture was not invoked on March 17, 2015, was agreed to.
                                                                       Page S1614 
By 57 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 74), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration rejected the motion to close further debate on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the 
bill.
                                                                                   Page S1614 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 11 a.m., on Thursday, March 19, 2015, with the time until the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill at 12 noon equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees. 
                                                                                    Pages S1634–35 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1626 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1626 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S1626, S1634 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1626–28 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1629–30 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1630–33 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1633–34 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1634 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1634 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—74)                                                                    Page S1614 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:24 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Thursday, March 19, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S1634–35.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: FOREST SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Tom Tidwell, Chief, and Tony Dixon, Direc-tor, Strategic Planning, Budget and Accountability, both of the Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D297 March 18, 2015 
APPROPRIATIONS: MISSILE DEFENSE 
AGENCY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Missile Defense Agency, after re-ceiving testimony from Vice Admiral J.D. Syring, USN, Director, Missile Defense Agency, Department of Defense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
SeaPower concluded a hearing to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from Sean J. Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisi-tion, Vice Admiral William H. Hilarides, USN, Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, and Vice Admiral Joseph P. Mulloy, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, Integration of Capabilities and Resources (N8), all of the Department of Defense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the postures of the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, after receiving testimony from John M. McHugh, Secretary of the Army, Deborah Lee James, Secretary of the Air Force, General Raymond T. Odierno, USA, Chief of Staff of the Army, and Gen-eral Mark A. Welsh III, USAF, Chief of Staff of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Budget: Committee began consider-
ation of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, but did not complete action there-on, and recessed subject to the call and will meet again on Thursday, March 19, 2015. 
FCC OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Federal Communications Commission, after receiving testimony from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, and Mignon L. Clyburn, Michael O’Rielly, Ajit Pai, and Jessica Rosenworcel, each a Commissioner, all of the Federal Communications Commission. TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine S. 697, to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reau-thorize and modernize that Act, after receiving testi-mony from Senator Udall; James Jones, Assistant Administrator, Office of Chemical Safety and Pollu-tion Prevention, Environmental Protection Agency; Brian Frosh, Maryland Attorney General, Baltimore; Richard A. Denison, Environmental Defense Fund, Lynn R. Goldman, George Washington University Milken Institute School of Public Health, and Ken-neth Cook, Environmental Working Group, all of Washington, D.C.; Edward R.B. McCabe, March of Dimes Foundation, White Plains, New York; and Bonnie Lautenberg, New York, New York. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 35, to extend the Federal recognition to the 
Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana; 
S. 438, to provide for the repair, replacement, and 
maintenance of certain Indian irrigation projects, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 465, to extend Federal recognition to the 
Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy In-dian Tribe-Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe; and 
The nomination of Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of 
Arizona, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming Commission. 
NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING ASSISTANCE 
AND SELF-DETERMINATION REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine S. 710, to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determina-tion Act of 1996, after receiving testimony from Karen R. Diver, Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa, Cloquet, Minnesota; Gary Cooper, Cher-okee Nation Housing Authority, Washington, D.C., on behalf of the National American Indian Housing Council; and Russell Sossamon, The Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma Housing Authority, Hugo. 
PATENT LITIGATION PRACTICES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the impact of patent litigation practices on the American economy, including H.R. 
9, to amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improve-ments and technical corrections, after receiving testi-mony from Brad Powers, Kinze Manufacturing, Inc., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D298 March 18, 2015 
Williamsburg, Iowa; Hans Sauer, Biotechnology In-
dustry Association, Washington, D.C.; Steven E. An-derson, Culver Franchising System, Inc., Prairie du Sac, Wisconsin; Michael R. Crum, Iowa State Uni-
versity, Ames; and Krish Gupta, EMC Corporation, Hopkington, Massachusetts. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 42 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1415–1456; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 154–159, were introduced.
                Pages H1767–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1771 
Reports Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1021, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to improve the integrity of the Medicare program, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–46, Part 1).
                      Page H1767 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Hardy to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1725 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:41 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                       Pages H1729–30 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dr. Mark Gooden, Mun-sey Memorial United Methodist Church, Johnson City, Tennessee.
                                                         Page H1730 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
155, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H1730 
Secret Science Reform Act of 2015: The House 
passed H.R. 1030, to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or dis-seminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible, by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 125.
                                                                          Pages H1733–48 
Rejected the Takai motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 124. 
                                                                                    Pages H1746–48 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–11 shall be considered as read. 
                                                                                            Page H1742 
Rejected: 
Edwards amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–37) that authorizes $250 million for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019, by a re-corded vote of 164 ayes to 254 noes, Roll No. 122; 
and
                                                         Pages H1742–43, H1744–45 
Kennedy amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–37) that allows the EPA to use all peer-reviewed scientific publications, by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 123. 
                                                                Pages H1743–44, H1745–46 
H. Res. 138, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1029) and (H.R. 1030) was agreed to yesterday, March 17th. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, March 19.
                         Page H1748 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1745, H1745–46, H1747–48, and H1748. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 3:51 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE IMPORTANCE OF TRADE TO U.S. AGRICULTURE 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing on the importance of trade to U.S. agriculture. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
APPROPRIATIONS—INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES PUBLIC AND OUTSIDE WITNESS DAY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing for public and outside witnesses. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
CLOSING THE ACHIEVEMENT GAP IN 
HIGHER EDUCATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held an oversight hearing on closing the achievement gap in higher education. Testimony was heard from Aaron Thompson, Executive Vice President and Chief Aca-demic Officer, Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D299 March 18, 2015 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
AGRICULTURE RURAL DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Agriculture Rural Development budget. Testimony was heard from Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development; Lillian Salerno, Administrator, Rural Business—Cooperative Service; Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service; Jasper Schneider, Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Agriculture. 
APPROPRIATIONS—UNITED STATES 
PACIFIC COMMAND AND UNITED STATES FORCES KOREA 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on United States Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea budget. Testimony was heard from Admiral Samuel J. Locklear III, United States Navy, Commander, United States Pa-cific Command; and General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, Commander, United Nations Command, Com-mander, Republic of Korea, United States Combined Forces Command, Commander, United States Forces Korea. This hearing was closed. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY, ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development held a hearing on Depart-ment of Energy, Environmental Management budg-et. Testimony was heard from David Klaus, Deputy Under Secretary, Management and Performance, De-partment of Energy; and Mark Whitney, Acting As-sistant Secretary, Environmental Management, De-partment of Energy. 
APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL OCEANIC 
AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a hearing on National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration budget. Testimony was heard from Kathryn Sullivan, Administrator, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
APPROPRIATIONS—INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on Internal Revenue Service budget. Testimony was heard from John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Inter-nal Revenue Service. APPROPRIATIONS—MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS RELATED AGENCIES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a hearing on related agencies budget. Testimony was heard from Max Cleland, Secretary, American Battle Monuments Commission; Patrick K. Hallinan, Executive Director, Army National Military Cemeteries; Bruce E. Kasold, Chief Judge, United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims; and Steven G. McManus, Chief Operating Officer, Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
TREASURY INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a hearing on Department of Treasury International Programs budget. Testimony was heard from Jack Lew, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. 
THE PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED 
AUTHORIZATION FOR THE USE OF MILITARY FORCE AGAINST ISIL AND THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BUDGET REQUEST FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Proposed Author-ization for the Use of Military Force Against ISIL and the Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Author-ization Budget Request from the Department of De-fense’’. Testimony was heard from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary of Defense; and General Martin E. Dempsey, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
NAVAL COOPERATIVE STRATEGY 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Naval Cooperative Strategy’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Charles D. Michel, USCG, Deputy Commandant for Operations; Major General Andrew W. O’Donnell Jr., USMC, Assistant Deputy Commandant, Combat Development and Integration, and Deputy Com-manding General, Marine Corps Combat Develop-ment Command; and Rear Admiral Upper Half Kevin M. ‘‘Kid’’ Donegan, USN, Acting Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Operations, Plans, and Strategy (N3/N5). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D300 March 18, 2015 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES IN AN 
UNCERTAIN THREAT ENVIRONMENT: A REVIEW OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET REQUEST FOR U.S. SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Special Operations Forces in an Uncertain Threat Environment: A Review of the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for U.S. Special Operations Com-mand’’. Testimony was heard from Michael D. Lumpkin, Assistant Secretary of Defense, Special Op-erations/Low-Intensity Conflict (ASD/SOLIC); and General Joseph L. Votel, Commander, U.S. Special Operations Command. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee began a 
markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
REVIEWING THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL 
YEAR 2016 BUDGET PROPOSAL FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Presi-dent’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Proposal for the De-partment of Labor’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas E. Perez, Secretary, Department of Labor. 
DATA SECURITY AND BREACH 
NOTIFICATION ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing on a discussion draft of the ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notification Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Jessica Rich, Director, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commission; Clete Johnson, Chief Counsel for Cybersecurity, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Com-munications Commission; Sara Cable, Assistant At-torney General, Office of the Massachusetts Attorney General; and public witnesses. 
IMPROVING COAL COMBUSTION 
RESIDUALS REGULATION ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy began a hearing on the ‘‘Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regula-tion Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
PRESERVING CONSUMER CHOICE AND 
FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Preserving Consumer Choice and Financial Independence’’. Testimony was heard from 
public witnesses. 
IRAN AND HEZBOLLAH IN THE WESTERN 
HEMISPHERE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere; and Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Iran and Hezbollah in the Western Hemi-sphere’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
U.S. ELECTION SUPPORT IN AFRICA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Election Support in Africa’’. Testimony was heard from Eric G. Postel, Assistant to the Administrator, Bureau for Africa, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment; and public witnesses. 
DOES THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2016 BUDGET 
REQUEST ADDRESS THE CRISES IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Does the President’s FY 2016 Budget Request Address the Crises in the Middle East and North Af-rica?’’. Testimony was heard from Anne W. Patter-son, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Near Eastern Af-fairs, Department of State; and Paige Alexander, As-sistant Administrator, Bureau for the Middle East, U.S. Agency for International Development. 
UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM THREATS: 
EXPLORING SECURITY IMPLICATIONS AND MITIGATION TECHNOLOGIES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Unmanned Aerial System Threats: Explor-ing Security Implications and Mitigation Tech-nologies’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’. The following bill was ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1148. The following bill was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1153. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D301 March 18, 2015 
EFFECT OF THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2016 
BUDGET AND LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS FOR THE OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING ON PRIVATE SECTOR JOB CREATION, DOMESTIC ENERGY PRODUCTION, STATE PROGRAMS AND DEFICIT REDUCTION 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Effect of the President’s FY 2016 Budget and Leg-islative Proposals for the Office of Surface Mining on Private Sector Job Creation, Domestic Energy Pro-duction, State Programs and Deficit Reduction’’. Testimony was heard from Joseph Pizarchik, Direc-tor, Office of Surface Mining, Department of the In-terior. 
FUNDING PRIORITIES FOR AND THE 
UNITED STATES’ RESPONSIBILITIES CONCERNING INDIANS, ALASKA NATIVES, AND INSULAR AREAS IN THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2016 BUDGET REQUEST FOR THE BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS, INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE, OFFICE OF INSULAR AFFAIRS, AND OFFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR AMERICAN INDIANS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-
dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Funding Priorities for and the United States’ Responsibilities concerning Indians, Alaska Natives, and Insular Areas in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Request for the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Indian Health Service, Office of Insular Affairs, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indi-ans’’. Testimony was heard from the following De-partment of the Interior officials: Kevin K. Washburn, Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs; Esther 
Kia’aina, Assistant Secretary, Insular Areas; and Vin-cent G. Logan, Special Trustee, Office of Special Trustee for American Indians; and Yvette Roubideaux, M.D., Senior Adviser to the Secretary on Native Americans and Alaska Natives, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. 
CYBERSECURITY: THE EVOLVING NATURE 
OF CYBER THREATS FACING THE PRIVATE SECTOR 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity: The Evolving Nature of Cyber Threats Facing the Private Sector’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
FEDERAL WORKFORCE TAX 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Federal Workforce Tax Account-ability’’. Testimony was heard from Brad Huther, 
Chief Financial Officer, Department of Housing and Urban Development; E.J. Holland, Jr., Assistant Sec-retary for Administration, Department of Health and Human Services; Seto Bagdoyan, Director, Audit Services, Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, Government Accountability Office; and public wit-nesses. 
TANGLED IN RED TAPE: NEW 
CHALLENGES FOR SMALL MANUFACTURERS 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Tangled in Red Tape: New Chal-lenges for Small Manufacturers’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2016 
BUDGET: ADMINISTRATION PRIORITIES FOR THE U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget: Administration Priorities for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’’. Testimony was heard from Ken Kopocis, Deputy Assistant Adminis-trator, Office of Water, Environmental Protection Agency; and Mathy Stanislaus, Assistant Adminis-trator, Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Re-sponse, Environmental Protection Agency. 
BURDENS FAMILY BUSINESSES AND 
FARMS FACE PLANNING FOR AND PAYING THE ESTATE TAX 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Se-
lect Revenue Measures, held an organizational meet-ing for the 114th Congress and a hearing on the burdens family businesses and farms face planning for and paying the estate tax. The subcommittee suc-cessfully organized. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
ECONOMIC REPORT OF THE PRESIDENT 
Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the Economic Report of the President 2015, after receiving testimony from Jason Furman, Chairman, Council of Economic Advisers. 
VETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Senate Committee con-
cluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative pres-entation from multiple veterans service organiza-tions, after receiving testimony from Lonnie L. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D302 March 18, 2015 
Wangen, North Dakota Department of Veterans Af-
fairs Commissioner, Fargo, on behalf of the National Association of State Directors of Veterans Affairs; Colonel Maxwell S. Colon, USA (Ret.), Jewish War Veterans, Encinitas, California; CMSGT (Ret.) Rob-ert L. Frank, Air Force Sergeants Association, Springfield, Virginia; USAF Senior Master Sergeant (Ret.) Larry Hyland, The Retired Enlisted Associa-tion, Palm Bay, Florida; Thomas J. Snee, Fleet Re-serve Association, Burke, Virginia; Colonel Peter J. Duffy, USA (Ret.), National Guard Association of the United States, Washington, D.C.; Charles Susino, Jr., American Ex-Prisoners of War, Metuchen, New Jersey; Jeanette Early, Gold Star Wives of America, Inc., Aurora, Colorado; and Ryan Kules, Wounded Warrior Project, Severna Park, Maryland. 
NORTHERN IRELAND 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission concluded a hearing to examine Northern Ireland, focusing on Stormont, collusion, and the Finucane inquiry, including other issues of account-ability for past government collusion in paramilitary crimes, after receiving testimony from Anne Cadwallader, Lethal Allies: British Collusion in Ireland , 
Armagh, Northern Ireland; and Kieran McEvoy, Queen’s University School of Law, and Geraldine Finucane, both of Belfast, Northern Ireland. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
MARCH 19, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military 
Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the Veterans Benefits Administration, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, 
to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the United States Secret Service, 2 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
U.S. Strategic Command, U.S. Transportation Command, and U.S. Cyber Command in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine 
Air Force force structure and modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine the regulatory regime for re-gional banks, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: business meeting to continue 
to mark up the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, 10:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine the evolving cyber insurance marketplace, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine U.S. crude oil export policy, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the 
Affordable Care Act at five years, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa 
and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine the United States-Africa leaders summit seven months later, focusing on progress and setbacks, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine Federal rulemaking challenges and areas of improvement within the existing 
regulatory process, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Oversight, 
Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine reining in amnesty, focusing on Texas v. United States and its implications, 3:30 p.m., 
SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold 
hearings to examine patent reform, focusing on protecting innovation and entrepreneurship, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting 
to consider pending calendar business; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing to examine certain intel-ligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 897, the ‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, 
Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing on Bureau of Land Management budget, 9:30 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of the Inspector General over-sight, 9:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture Farm and Foreign Agricultural Service budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on United States 
European Command budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. 
Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hearing on 
Transportation Security Administration budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-
ernment, hearing on Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion budget, 11 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D303 March 18, 2015 
Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies, hearing on Surface Transportation Programs budget, 10 a.m., 2358–A Ray-burn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Missile De-fense Hearing’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Ground Force Moderniza-tion and Rotorcraft Modernization Programs’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing on H.R. 906, to modify the effi-ciency standards for grid-enabled water heaters, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Oversight of the Commission’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital 
Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Enforce-ment’’, 9 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Negotiations with Iran: Blocking or Paving Tehran’s Path to Nuclear Weapons?’’, 8:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-
gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Agents of Opportunity: Responding to the Threat of Chemical Terrorism’’, 9:30 a.m., 311 Can-non. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Child Exploitation Restitution Following the Paroline v. United States Decision’’, 10 a.m., 2141 
Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands; and Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Priorities and Missions of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Proposal’’, 9:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Department of Homeland Security’s Policies and Procedures for the Ap-prehension, Detention, and Release of Non-Citizens Un-lawfully Present in the United States—Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Contracting and the Industrial Base III: Reverse Auctions, Verification and the SBA’s Role in Rule Making’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing on H.R. 571, the ‘‘Vet-erans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 593, the ‘‘Aurora VA Hospital Financing and Construc-tion Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1015, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1016, the ‘‘Biological Implant Tracking and Veteran Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1017, the ‘‘Veterans Informa-tion Security Improvement Act’’; H.R. 1128, the ‘‘De-partment of Veterans Affairs Cyber Security Protection Act’’; and H.R. 1129, the ‘‘Veterans’ Whistleblower and Patient Protection Act of 2015’’, 8 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Growing Cyber Threat and Its Impact on American Business’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD304 March 18, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
11 a.m., Thursday, March 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. At 12 noon, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill. If cloture is not invoked, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, March 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of S.J. Res. 8— 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures (Subject to a Rule) and H. Res. 132—Providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E354 
Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E356, E358 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E357 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E363 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E361 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E357 Cook, Paul, Calif., E361 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E359 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E354 Flores, Bill, Tex., E360 
Graves, Sam, Mo., E353, E354, E356, E357, E358, E360, 
E363 
Grayson, Alan, Fla., E363 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E361 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E353 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E359 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E353 Long, Billy, Mo., E358 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E354 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E355, E358 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E358 
Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E362 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E353, E354, E355, E357, E358, 
E358, E360, E361, E362, E363 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E355 Smith, Jason, Mo., E357 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E356, E359, E361 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E361 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E353, E357 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E362 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18MR5.REC D18MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST