Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2659 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2015 No. 68 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, May 8, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , MAY6, 2015 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Holy God, thank You for daily bless-
ings and mercies, for You fill the void of our spirits with Your abiding pres-ence. Lord, You provide us with strength for each day and hope for each tomorrow. Your ways are just and true. 
Supply all the needs of our Senators. 
Give them wisdom to solve the complex problems of our time. Help them to ex-press their gratitude to You with deeds of faith and compassion. Lord, use them to call us out of the night of self-ish living to the sunrise of sacrifice and service. Continue to be their refuge and strength, a very present help for every trial. 
We pray in Your mighty Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we have all 
heard the legal maxim ‘‘Justice de-layed is justice denied,’’ and it is really applicable to what is going on in the Senate today. Here in this body, justice is being delayed by the Republican ma-jority. The refusal of the Senate Re-publicans to heed their constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on judicial nominations is an injustice to the American people. 
So far this year, the Senate has con-
firmed two judicial nominations—just two—in more than 4 months. By con-trast, in 2007, my first year as majority leader during the Bush administration, we had already confirmed 16 nomina-tions. If the Republican majority keeps up their current trend of ignoring judi-cial nominees, by the end of this year we will have confirmed five for an en-tire year. The last time the Senate confirmed so few Presidential nomina-tions was, unsurprisingly, when we had a Republican majority here in the Sen-ate under the Clinton administration. It is funny how history repeats itself. 
The Federal courts depend on the 
Senate to do its job so justice can be dispensed in courtrooms all across the country. As of today, there are 55 Fed-eral court vacancies, 24 of which are classified as emergencies. At the begin-ning of the year, there were only 12 ju-dicial emergencies, but now it is double that—24. These vacancies create a backlog of cases, effectively delaying justice for plaintiffs and defendants, for prosecutors and the accused, and for the sitting judges who are trying their best to administer justice, but they can’t do their work because they 
are so overwhelmed with work. 
This is about more than judges and 
lawyers. This is about the people who come before the courts, people who have cases that have been waiting and waiting. This is about a prosecutor who is going after somebody who, in their opinion, has done something really bad. We have all heard the expression ‘‘They are trying to make a Federal case out of it.’’ The reason they say that is because Federal prosecutors do such a great job. But if they have to wait and wait until there is avail-ability in the courtroom, witnesses dis-appear and it makes it much more dif-ficult. 
What has happened to our judicial 
system is, because of the Republicans, we are having justice delayed. This is unconscionable. 
It is no wonder Republicans are 
scrambling for cover on judicial nomi-nations. They are scrambling because they have been ignoring their constitu-tional duty. 
This afternoon, the courts are going 
to be looked at by the Judiciary Com-
mittee. In fact, the committee is going to hold a hearing on several delayed ju-dicial nominations. But everyone should look at Felipe Restrepo, the President’s nominee to the Third Cir-cuit Court of Appeals. That is in Penn-sylvania and other places—a very im-portant circuit. Despite being nomi-nated by the President 6 months ago, this man is not even going to be on the calendar. And this is what was done previously. The man, my friend, who is chair of the Committee on Finance, was chair of the Judiciary Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.000 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2660 May 6, 2015 
back in those days, and he did the same 
thing—just ignored them, didn’t even schedule them for a hearing. Senator L
EAHY has been to the floor many 
times—our past chair of the Judiciary Committee, now ranking member of the Judiciary Committee—talking about how bad that used to be, and now he is talking about how bad it is even today. 
So Restrepo and others will not be on 
the agenda. Despite the fact that this Philadelphia-based seat is a judicial emergency, they just ignore people like Restrepo. They say: We only have a few people on the calendar. Why aren’t there more on the calendar? 
Because they won’t schedule hear-
ings. It is so unfair. 
Now Restrepo won’t be on the agenda 
in spite of the fact that the junior Sen-ator from Pennsylvania said Restrepo would be a ‘‘superb addition to the third circuit.’’ Why doesn’t the junior Senator from Pennsylvania talk about this man being held up by his own party? There is no reason he has been held up for 6 months other than the Re-publicans simply want to do everything they can to create problems for Presi-dent Obama. But it is not a problem for President Obama. President Obama is doing just fine. It is a problem for the people I have talked about—the pros-ecutors, those who are accused of crimes, plaintiffs and defendants in civil cases, and, of course, the judges. 
After having heard the statement 
from the junior Senator from Pennsyl-vania, I wonder what Pennsylvanians are thinking. Are they left wondering why this qualified judicial candidate is not moving forward and not a word from the junior Senator from Pennsyl-vania? Not a word. 
It appears Republicans are heeding 
calls from the far right to retaliate against President Obama by blocking judges. Republicans couldn’t defend their trying to shut down the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. They tried. They tried to block Loretta Lynch’s nomination, and they couldn’t get that done. So now they want to block President Obama’s judges. 
Our courts should be above political 
gamesmanship. Qualified judicial nominees such as Mr. Restrepo deserve a vote in the Senate. 
President Bush’s judges were consid-
ered fairly when I was the majority leader, and there is no one who can say that nominees are now being handled fairly. It is certainly not unreasonable for Democrats to expect the same measure of cooperation and fairness from Republicans that I gave them. The American judicial system should not be taking a backseat to Republican politics here in the Senate, in our Na-tion’s Capitol. If it were only the judges they are holding up, that would be one thing, but Republican Senators are holding up basically all his nomi-nations, with rare exception. For ex-ample, the chief law enforcement offi-cer of this country, Loretta Lynch, who is well qualified in every way—ex-perience, education, and character— 
was held up for 6 months. If what they did in her case wasn’t bad enough, they now are not allowing her to have the people she needs around her. They are not allowing a vote on her No. 1 assist-ant. It is unfair and just too bad that justice delayed is justice denied. I am sorry to say that is where we find our-selves today. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT RE-
VIEW ACT AND BIPARTISAN CON-GRESSIONAL TRADE PRIORITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate is now nearing completion of the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. This is a bipartisan bill which is based on an important prin-ciple: that the American people, through the Congress they elect, de-serve a say on one of the most impor-tant issues of our time. 
This act would require that any 
agreement reached with Iran be sub-mitted to Congress for a review. It would require that Congress be given time to hold hearings and to take a vote to approve or disapprove of the agreement before congressional sanc-tions could be lifted. It would give Con-gress more power to rapidly impose sanctions if Iran does cheat. 
Many wish the bill were stronger. I 
don’t disagree with them. But this is a piece of legislation worthy of our sup-port. It offers the best chance we have to provide the American people and the Congress they elect with the power to weigh in on a vital issue. We will pur-sue other opportunities to address Iran’s full-spectrum campaign to in-crease its sphere of influence in the broader Middle East as well. 
I look forward to Senators of both 
parties coming together to pass this bi-partisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act soon. Once we do, the Senate will take up another measure designed to hold the administration account-able: the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act. This bipartisan bill is about a lot more than just expanding Congress’s oversight authority. It is about deliv-ering prosperity for the middle class and supporting jobs. It is about helping American workers sell more of what they make and farmers sell more of what they grow. It is about eliminating unfair rules in other countries that dis-criminate against American workers and American jobs. Remember, the United States already has one of the most open markets in the world, but other countries maintain unfair bar-riers against American goods and serv-ices—barriers that trade agreements can reduce or even eliminate to make things fairer for America. That is why the United States is cur-
rently involved in negotiations with Europe and several nations in the Pa-cific such as Japan—in order to break down barriers to goods stamped ‘‘Made in America.’’ That is the main point here. We want to knock down barriers to our goods stamped with ‘‘Made in America’’ to be sold in other countries. 
One estimate shows that trade agree-
ments with Europe and the Pacific could support as many as 1.4 million additional jobs in our country, includ-ing over 18,000 in Kentucky alone. But in order to get there, we will first need to lay down some clear and fair rules of the road for our trade negotiators. That is what the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act would do. 
First, it would make Congress’s pri-
orities clear, issuing specific objectives for the administration’s trade nego-tiators. 
Second, it would mandate trans-
parency, forcing the administration to consult regularly with Congress and stakeholders. 
And it would reaffirm the supremacy 
of this body and require our exclusive approval before trade agreements are enacted. 
The Bipartisan Congressional Trade 
Priorities and Accountability Act is good bipartisan legislation that was endorsed overwhelmingly in the Fi-nance Committee 20 to 6. It is good for the middle class, it is good for manu-facturers, and, yes, it is very good for farmers. 
Here is what one Kentucky con-
stituent—a corn, wheat, and soybean farmer from Spencer County—recently wrote to say on the issue: 
We need free trade to compete with grain 
farms in South America. Dozens of people have jobs as a direct result of our small busi-ness: Input suppliers, truckers, mechanics and traders, just to name a few. 
He went on. 
Help me and all these people by expanding 
trade and consumption globally. Our future depends on it. 
Well, I couldn’t agree more with that 
farmer from Spencer County. Our fu-ture does depend on cultivating better opportunities for American goods, American crops, and American workers in the 21st century. 
I look forward to the Senate turning 
to the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act very soon. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided and controlled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.001 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2661 May 6, 2015 
between the two leaders or their des-
ignees, with the majority controlling the first half. 
The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
FIGHT AGAINST ISIS 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, as we 
continue to fight against ISIS and those radicalized by them, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join efforts to provide direct assistance to a critical partner in that fight—the Kurdistan Regional Government. 
Yesterday, I joined Senator B
ARBARA  
BOXER of California to do just that. We 
introduced bipartisan legislation to provide temporary authority for the President to provide weapons directly to Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces in the fight against ISIS. This legislation builds upon a similar bipartisan House effort led by House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman E
DROYCE and 
Ranking Member E LIOT ENGEL . The 
bill’s 3-year authorization seeks to re-duce delays in arming Peshmerga forces to fight ISIS, while still main-taining consultation with the Iraqi Government. 
Beginning in the first gulf war, the 
Iraqi Kurds and their Peshmerga forces have played a vital role in supporting U.S. interests and a free Iraq, despite limited means of doing so. 
Since August 2014, the Kurds have 
provided sanctuary to nearly 2 million ethnic and religious minorities in Iraqi Kurdistan, and they have been the only force to hold its ground against ISIS in northern Iraq. 
Currently, by law, the United States 
must provide support to the Iraqi Kurds through the Iraqi central gov-ernment in Baghdad, which has often not been timely or adequate in the past. This has had a negative impact on the Kurds’ ability to defend Iraqi territory and provide security for those Iraqis and Syrians who have sought refuge in Iraqi Kurdistan. 
Last November, Secretary of State 
John Kerry said that if Chairman R
OYCE wanted to change current law— 
to ‘‘fix it’’—that he invited him to do so. Well, that is exactly what this leg-islation does. 
It makes it the policy of the United 
States to provide direct assistance to the Kurdistan Regional Government to combat ISIS. We do that because we believe that defeating ISIS is critical to maintaining an inclusive and unified Iraq and that the Iraqi Kurds are key in that goal, as well as to help to end the humanitarian crisis in Iraq through their support of over 1.6 mil-lion displaced persons from Iraq and Syria. 
The legislation preserves the Presi-
dent’s ability to notify the Iraqi Gov-ernment before weapons, equipment, defense services or related training is provided to Iraqi Kurdish forces. 
It ensures this emergency authoriza-
tion does not construct a precedent of providing direct support to organiza-tions other than a country or an inter-national organization. Finally, it 
works toward accountability by requir-ing a report to Congress on U.S. weap-ons provided to the Iraqi Government which have ended up in the hands of Iranian controlled and supported Shia militias or foreign terrorist groups. 
ISIS is deadly and determined, and 
Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces—our critical partner in the fight against ISIS—need U.S. weapons as quickly as possible. 
This 3-year authorization would bol-
ster efforts against ISIS, which are critical to maintaining a unified and stable Iraq and imperative to our na-tional security interests. We simply cannot afford to have future delays at this critical moment in the battle. 
I urge my colleagues to join us in 
supporting this much-needed legisla-tion to arm the Iraqi Kurds in the fight against ISIS. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
f 
AFRICAN GROWTH AND 
OPPORTUNITY ACT 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, Thurs-
day a week ago I had the privilege, as a member of the Finance Committee, to serve on the markup of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, trade promotion authority, and trade adjust-ment and assistance. 
This past Saturday, I was given the 
opportunity to give the Republican re-sponse on the radio, and I talked about trade promotion authority. I have been privileged to be ranking member and chairman at one time of the African Affairs Subcommittee. I have traveled back and forth to the continent of Afri-ca, seen the opportunities for trade, business, and exchange with the Afri-can people. 
I came to the Congress in 1999. In 
that year, I voted for trade promotion authority for President Bill Clinton, a Democrat. Later, I voted for trade pro-motion authority for President Bush, a Republican. And I proudly will vote for trade promotion authority for Presi-dent Obama, a Democrat, because trade is not a partisan issue. It should not be nor should it ever be a partisan issue. It should be an issue of the American people’s employment opportunities and jobs in the future. Trade is the cement that holds together the diplomacy and the agreements between countries to work together, play together, and not fight together and not have armed con-flict. Trade is important to the secu-rity of the United States of America and, in fact, the rest of the world. 
But I don’t want to talk about trade 
promotion authority today. I want to talk about the African Growth and Op-portunity Act. 
Africa is the continent of the 21st 
century for the United States of Amer-ica, with 1.5 billion mouths to feed, a number of votes at the United Nations, in terms of the African countries, but most importantly, it has the rarest earth minerals and the natural re-
sources so important to us and the rest of the world. Africa is a gold mine waiting to be mined. But it is not one that we abuse, like the Chinese are abusing it. It is one where we share in prosperity. 
When China goes into Africa, they 
bring their own workers, pay their own workers with Chinese currency, extract the rarest minerals—oil and petroleum and natural resources—and then leave. 
When America goes, we invest in the 
human capital with PEPFAR to reduce the rate of AIDS, and we invest in the Millennium Challenge Corporation to bring jobs, opportunities, and a lack of corruption to the African people. 
The African Growth and Opportunity 
Act is a godsend for the continent of Africa, but it is a godsend to the coun-try of the United States of America. In the future, Africa will become our greatest trading partner if we handle it right. 
The African Growth and Opportunity 
Act that will be before us, along with TPA, is a 10-year extension of our goal. That is important, because it gives pre-dictability to the African countries and the United States. But, more impor-tantly, it gives us the opportunity to file cases with the Trade Representa-tive against those countries that are not playing by the rules. 
South Africa is a perfect example. 
They have blocked access to their mar-ket to poultry from the United States of America, with arbitrary and capri-cious blockades to keep our poultry from going in. 
Senator C
OONS from Delaware and I 
from Georgia, two big poultry States, have confronted the South Africans. We know that under the new AGOA, when it is passed and ratified by this Congress and by the African countries as well, it will give us the opportunity to file a petition to ask the Trade Rep-resentative to file a case to open up the South African practices. And if they are found to be not right—or wrong or corrupt—then we can block South Afri-ca’s participation in parts of the AGOA or all of the AGOA. In other words, the AGOA is going to have consequences, much as the Millennium Challenge ac-count does. 
Today, when America makes an in-
vestment in a foreign country in Africa for the Millennium Challenge Corpora-tion, there are consequences if they don’t end corruption, if they don’t have private sector participation, if they don’t have the rule of law governing their project. We pull the Millennium Challenge Corporation out, and they don’t get another grant. 
Look at the nation of Ghana, which 
is now working on its third grant, or the nation of Benin, which is working on its second. Both are improving their infrastructure and their ability to trade and produce with America be-cause of a joint venture between our country and those countries. 
I urge all my colleagues in the House 
and the Senate to adopt the African 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.003 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2662 May 6, 2015 
Growth and Opportunity Act for three 
reasons. 
No. 1, it is a 10-year predictable ex-
tension of a relationship we need to grow and prosper. 
No. 2, it gives us the tools not to be 
abused, and it makes sure that if one of the African countries is abusing Amer-ican access to their market, we can stop it and file a case with the Trade Representative. 
But No. 3, it offers hope and pros-
perity for America in the 21st cen-tury—with 1.5 billion mouths to feed, rare earth minerals, natural resources, the power of the people and the power of the purse of the people. Africa is the continent of the 21st century for our country. Having a trade agreement with Africa is essential to seeing to it that we have a prosperous and free fu-ture. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
REBUILDING OUR COMMUNITIES 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, yester-
day, along with Senator M IKULSKI and 
Congressmen C UMMINGS and R UPPERS -
BERGER and S ARBANES , I was in Balti-
more with Attorney General Lynch meeting with our faith-based leaders. Attorney General Lynch also met with the mayor of Baltimore as well as the family of Freddie Gray. She also met with our Baltimore City Police Depart-ment. I wish to thank the Attorney General for her personal presence in Baltimore. 
For those of us who live in Balti-
more, the events over these last couple of weeks have been heartbreaking. The city we love has gone through a very difficult time. I wish to thank my col-leagues who have contacted Senator M
IKULSKI and me for offering their 
help, for offering their understanding, and for their willingness to work to-gether so we can deal with the issues that have been raised in Baltimore— and other cities, quite frankly—in other places around the country. It is our responsibility to move forward, and the people of Baltimore understand that. We understand the national spot-light will be leaving and we are going to need to deal with the issues that are left behind. 
To me, there are two pillars for the 
rebuilding of Baltimore and restoring confidence; one deals with public safe-ty and justice and the other deals with rebuilding as a result of the damages that were caused and dealing with the core problems that led up to the vio-lence in Baltimore. I believe that we in Baltimore can serve as a model for the country as to how we can make our 
community and our Nation stronger. 
On the public safety and justice pil-
lar, let me make some suggestions to my colleagues. I have spoken to several of my colleagues about areas where I hope we can work together in order to restore public safety and justice in our community. One of those issues is a bill I filed that would end racial profiling in America. We should have passed this bill a long time ago. 
Racial profiling—profiling because of 
the race of a community or the ethnic background or a religion—is just wrong. It is against the values we be-lieve in in this country. It turns com-munities against law enforcement. We saw that in Baltimore and we have seen it in other communities around the country where the local commu-nity just does not have confidence that the police department is working on their behalf. We heard examples of that yesterday in the roundtable discussion we had with the faith-based leaders. We have to restore that confidence. One way to do it is to make it clear that our national policy is against profiling by police. 
Now, let me make it clear that if a 
person has some specific information about a particular crime and identifies who is responsible, that is not profiling. That is not what we are talk-ing about. We are talking about com-munities in Baltimore and around the country where a person is African American and they have a much better chance of being stopped by police just because of the color of their skin. That is wrong, and it has to end in America. We need to take action in this body, the U.S. Senate, to make it clear that we will not permit racial profiling. It is not only wrong and counterproductive to neighborhoods working with police; it is costly. We have limited resources to spend in law enforcement. It is not productive in keeping communities safe, and as we have seen around the country, it can be deadly. We need to do more in this area. 
I have spoken to some of my col-
leagues about some of the sentencing guidelines we have in this country. They are certainly discriminatory against certain communities in Amer-ica. We need to take a look at our criminal justice system and at the sen-tencing guidelines to recognize that if a person is of a certain race or a cer-tain religion or ethnic background, that person is much more likely to end up in prison today, even though the in-cidents of the violations of the law are no different in their community than in other communities in this country. We have to deal with it. This country has to deal with that. 
Lastly, I have introduced legislation 
that would restore voting privileges for those who have completed their prison sentences, and we need to pass it. I know I have support on both sides of the aisle. We had a vote on that not too long ago, where we had almost a major-ity willing to move forward. I hope we can come to an agreement. I remember 
the opposition said it is the wrong bill. Well, let’s get a bill that is the right bill to restore voting privileges to those who complete their sentences. 
They can then again become a part of 
the community. They know we believe they have a future. They should be able to serve on our juries. There is not a person who is serving in the U.S. Sen-ate who didn’t have a second chance sometime in their life. All of us need a second chance. We can’t give up on peo-ple. I think the experiences we have seen in Baltimore and around the rest of the country indicate that we all have a stake in rebuilding and giving opportunities to every person in our community. 
I talked about rebuilding and dealing 
with the core issues that led up to the violence in Baltimore. There was a let-ter written to the Baltimore Sun this week that said we need a Marshall Plan for America’s cities. That sort of struck me because I thought back to World War II, when Europe was burn-ing and the United States came to the rescue of Europe and put out the fire. But we didn’t stop there. We then planted the seeds for the rebuilding of Europe. We were not alone. Other coun-tries helped us, the private community helped us, businesses helped us, and Europe was rebuilt. 
So it is not enough just to restore 
public order on the streets of Balti-more. We have to rebuild in a way that we give opportunities for jobs for all the people in the community. We talked about what is going to happen this summer. Will there be summer jobs for our young people? Will we have permanent jobs for them? We have to work on that. 
We have to work on rebuilding. We 
can do this. We have come together in the past. We are the strongest country in the world. The United States has been there to help people around the world. We said we would pursue efforts about ending HIV/AIDS under Presi-dent Reagan, and the PEPFAR Pro-gram has changed the dynamics around the world on the spread of HIV/AIDS. It is time we used that energy here in America to help the people of this country. 
So I hope we will all come together 
and look at the core problems and help rebuild America. It is appropriate that we talk about it the day after we passed our budget. I hope, as we get to the individual appropriations bills, that we understand the Federal Gov-ernment, in partnership with the pri-vate sector, in partnership with State and local governments, can do a better job. 
Today, Secretary Perez, the Sec-
retary of Labor, is going to be in Balti-more meeting with local officials to figure out how the Federal Government can partner with us to provide re-sources to energize the private sector, to energize the rebirth of Baltimore. I heard a request from groups I met with about the new markets tax credit. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.004 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2663 May 6, 2015 
need to extend those types of credits 
that can make a difference in our urban centers. I visited with Pastor Hickman whose church was torched— the senior housing project next door to his church was on fire last Monday night. He is rebuilding that senior housing project, but he clearly knows he needs partners from the Federal Government. 
We can do a better job. I urge my col-
leagues to understand we can do this. We must do this. We must rebuild our cities and our communities for a better Baltimore and for the betterment of America’s future. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1191, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1140, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1179 (to 
amendment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agree-ment. 
Blunt amendment No. 1155 (to amendment 
No. 1140), to extend the requirement for an-nual Department of Defense reports on the military power of Iran. 
Vitter modified amendment No. 1186 (to 
amendment No. 1179), to require an assess-ment of inadequacies in the international monitoring and verification system as they relate to a nuclear agreement with Iran. 
Cotton amendment No. 1197 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1140), of a perfecting nature. 
Cotton (for Rubio) amendment No. 1198 (to 
amendment No. 1197), to require a certifi-cation that Iran’s leaders have publically ac-cepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 58, H.R. 1314, the bill we will use for trade 
promotion authority. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 58, H.R. 
1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
(Mr. SULLIVAN assumed the Chair.) Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, as 
were most Americans, I was very dis-turbed by the scenes from Baltimore that unfolded on our TV sets across America—a place not too far away from here—during the last couple of weeks. The whole idea of a young man dying in police custody, followed by the confrontations with police and the looting and burning of innocent minor-ity-owned businesses in their own neighborhoods—these are all scenes we would expect perhaps in other coun-tries, somewhere else around the world, but certainly not here at home. But that is what we saw and not just last week but also last summer in Fer-guson, MO. 
So the question arises: What can we 
do? What can we do about it? What can we do as individual citizens? What can we do as parents? What can we do as neighbors? And then: What can we do as Members of the U.S. Congress? Per-haps more fundamentally, how can we as a nation unite to address injustice when it occurs? What steps can we take today to help the diverse fabric of this great Nation mend for future genera-tions? 
As I indicated, I am somewhat skep-
tical that Washington, DC, and par-ticularly the U.S. Congress, can wave a magic wand and solve these problems. A lot of this is going to have to be worked out at the local level by com-munities, by families, by houses of faith, and by civic organizations as well. Obviously, they are closest to the situation. But the Federal Government does, I believe, have a role to play that I will speak about in just a moment. I will just conclude in speaking about Baltimore by saying that our prayers, I know, are with those involved, and I know they are carefully considering how best to move forward and heal as well. But we are doing a great dis-service to ourselves and to everyone else so clearly frustrated by the status quo if we isolate Baltimore or Fer-guson as just individual instances of civil unrest and if we don’t step back 
and see how they fit into the broader issue of our entire criminal justice sys-tem. 
I sometimes call myself a recovering 
judge. I was a district judge for 6 years, which is our main trial court in Texas, and I was on the Texas Supreme Court for 7 years after that. I also served as attorney general. I mention all of that just to say that I have had some expo-sure in my professional life and in my adult life with our criminal justice sys-tem. I have seen how it should work, and I have seen areas where we need to get to work to reform what is broken. 
I believe Congress can and must play 
a role—even a small role; I say small but in a significant way—by correcting injustice where we can and making it less likely that situations such as those we have seen in Ferguson or Bal-timore are repeated. While we cannot singlehandedly fix broken families or broken communities or deal with situa-tions at the local level around the country, we can contribute to efforts to remedy the basic instability of those communities and particularly we can start to make real progress in our criminal justice system to lessen the burden on those communities that are struggling with these issues. 
I know the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, Senator G
RASSLEY , is committed to doing what 
he can, through the Committee on the Judiciary, to pursue criminal justice reform. I am happy to say that under the leadership of Senator G
RASSLEY , 
many efforts are already underway to consider how we can do a better job of rehabilitating offenders, increase pub-lic safety, save taxpayers some money, and help rebuild that all-important re-lationship between law enforcement and local communities. 
One example of how we are doing 
that is a piece of legislation I intro-duced in February with the junior Sen-ator from Rhode Island, Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE , called the CORRECTIONS Act, 
which stands for the Corrections Over-sight, Recidivism Reduction, and Eliminating Costs for Taxpayers In Our National System Act. That is why we call it CORRECTIONS, because that is such a long title, but I think it says a lot about what we are trying to achieve. 
With about 30 percent of the Depart-
ment of Justice budget spent on de-taining Federal inmates and the costs of Federal prisons skyrocketing, this bill would actually take a number of constructive steps to reform our Fed-eral prison system and would also make better use of taxpayers’ money. 
For example, the CORRECTIONS Act 
would allow eligible offenders—mainly low-risk or medium-risk offenders; cer-tainly not high-risk offenders—to earn additional days of good time credit by participating in programs that will help equip them for life outside of pris-on. Texas is sometimes considered a tough-on-crime State, and that is true. After awhile, though, we realized we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.005 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2664 May 6, 2015 
also need to be smart on crime because 
virtually all of the people incarcerated in our prisons will eventually someday be released. We need to begin to focus on what we can do to help them—those who want help and who will accept that help—and how we can do a better job of equipping them so they don’t end up recommitting, reoffending, and end-
ing up back in prison again. That is what this piece of legislation tries to do. 
So the CORRECTIONS Act allows of-
fenders to earn additional days of earned time credit by participating in programs that will prepare them for life outside of prison. Low-risk offend-ers, for example, could earn up to 10 days of earned time credit for every month in which they are successfully completing programs such as drug rehab, education, work programs, faith-based training, and life skills courses. It is astonishing. I was in East Texas at one part of the Texas prison system where I got to observe some of the prisoners, some of the inmates there attending some of these types of courses. It is shocking how poorly equipped so many of these inmates are for life outside of prison and why it is so important that we try to help those who will accept the help and who want the help to prepare for life outside so they don’t end up back inside. 
This legislation would allow these el-
igible prisoners to use this good time credit to spend the final portion of their sentences in home confinement or a halfway house. Half-way houses have worked over time as a transition from prison to life in communities, and they work very well. Also, technology can even allow home confinement for non-violent, low-risk prisoners who have earned the right to a less confining cir-cumstance on the backhand of their sentence. This may sound like a little thing, but it is important for several reasons. 
First of all, inmates need to learn 
valuable skills that can transfer to a lifetime of community engagement, in-stead of returning to a lifetime of crime. Second, it allows them to recon-nect sooner with their families and the communities that need them most. Fi-nally, this makes financial sense. It costs about $5,000 a year to keep a low- risk prisoner in home confinement, and it cost $30,000 a year to keep them in prison. 
I am not one of those who say, well, 
we just need to save money, so let’s throw public safety to the wind. That is not what this does. We focus first on public safety as we must, but we also try to be smart about it—not just tough on crime. We try to be smart on crime. The great thing is that we actu-ally have States such as my State that have experimented with this sort of ap-proach with great success. Texas has actually, over recent years, closed three prison systems. Crime has not spiked, and, in fact, many inmates who have taken advantage of this program have become resocialized and inte-grated back into society. So we actu-
ally know. Rather than the Federal Government trying to mandate for the entire Nation and adhering to some new experiment, we actually have the laboratories of democracy—otherwise known as the States—under our Fed-eral system, trying things out to see if they will work, and we learn from that 
if we can. This is an area where we can learn, and we should. 
So I look forward to working with 
Chairman G
RASSLEY and our members 
of the Judiciary Committee to get the CORRECTIONS Act passed. The last time it was considered, last year, it passed overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis through the Judiciary Com-mittee. 
As I said, fortunately, Chairman 
G
RASSLEY has made this a priority, and 
he has put together a bipartisan effort to look at some other consensus ideas that we might add to this prison re-form bill, such as sentencing reform. Honestly, that is a little bit more con-troversial, because I am not one for just cutting sentences on the front-end indiscriminately or arbitrarily. We need to make sure we are smart about sentencing reform. I think this con-sensus-building effort that Chairman G
RASSLEY has undertaken will help us 
get in the right place. There are a num-ber of targeted sentencing reforms I think we could all support to help ad-dress failures in our criminal justice system. 
So we should not let the divisive, 
controversial proposals stand in the way of making real bipartisan progress on the issue of criminal justice reform. But this is sort of a chronic problem we have had around here when we try to do comprehensive everything. When we try to do comprehensive everything, we make mistakes. We also make it al-most impossible to do, because there are so many different moving parts. It is complicated, and many people re-main skeptical about its chances of succeeding. But when you have some-thing such as the CORRECTIONS Act, which brings to the Federal level the successful pilot programs that have been undertaken in the States, it just makes sense that this should be the place we should start. Indeed, that is why it has such broad bipartisan sup-port. 
In order to make sure that the con-
versation about criminal justice re-form extends to issues beyond prison reform and sentencing, there is another step the junior Senator from Michigan, the senior Senator from South Caro-lina, and I introduced just last week. This is another idea, because we realize the time that Congress has in our ca-pacity, both on the floor and in com-mittee, to deal with this complex topic in a thoughtful and deliberate way. So we need some help, and what we have introduced is something we call the National Criminal Justice Commission Act, which would create a commission to provide a top-down review of our en-tire criminal justice system. After completing a review of the sys-
tem, this bipartisan commission would work for a unanimous recommendation on how to strengthen it. Congress could—much as it did with the 9/11 Commission—take bits and pieces of it. We wouldn’t need to embrace all of it— or any of it, for that matter. But at least we would have the good and thoughtful work product of some ex-perts who would be able to make rec-ommendations to us in a number of areas. 
I was just at a meeting where some-
body asked about the overcriminaliza-tion of a regulatory state, and that is a real problem. The fact that you can commit a crime without even intend-ing to commit a crime if you happen to violate some regulation is a real prob-lem. There are a number of areas I think we need to look at. As our atten-tion was riveted by what happened in Baltimore and Ferguson, I think those incidents are symptoms of a much big-ger challenge, and I think this commis-sion would help us focus on building consensus and producing actionable re-sults. 
Importantly, the continuing dialogue 
and commission process will help us strengthen the relationship between law enforcement and communities and help us to build on consensus items such as the CORRECTIONS Act. I think the CORRECTIONS Act is a good place to start, and the National Crimi-nal Justice Act, the consensus-based sentencing reform—all of these meas-ures will help us improve our criminal justice system. It will help bring down some of the tension we witnessed across the Nation, and help us, again, be smart when it comes to dealing with our criminal justice system. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
this important effort. I think this is the kind of big idea of a big challenge which will resonate with the people we represent in our States and across the country. When they see us coming to-gether on a bipartisan basis and actu-ally trying to solve problems, I think they feel that we are finally listening to them and doing what we should be doing here in the Senate. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, for 
the past couple of weeks, we have been talking about very important things on the floor of the Senate. One of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.009 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2665 May 6, 2015 
important has been the possible deal 
with Iran over the country’s nuclear program. I believe an agreement that could stop Iran’s efforts to get nuclear weapons would be enormously signifi-cant. Making sure the American people are involved in this process is also ex-tremely important. There is bipartisan agreement on both of those things. We are still debating the Iran sanctions re-view act simply because it is so impor-tant. The debate has been going on. 
This bill goes a long way toward pro-
tecting the right of the American peo-ple to have a say on any deal and the right of Congress to review the spe-cifics of that deal. I know there are Senators who have ideas for how to make this bill even better. I had an 
amendment last week, and I appre-ciated the chance to debate the amend-ment and to have a vote on it. That is the important part of this process. It is a big reason why the Senate has been so much more productive, I believe, this year than it was under the pre-vious majority leader. 
Under Republican leadership, Sen-
ators of both parties have gotten back the right to really represent our con-stituents—something we were elected to do. We have gotten back the right to work through committees, the right to offer amendments and to make our case on the floor. 
Republicans and Democrats agree 
that the bill before us right now is im-portant. Congressional review of any Iranian deal is absolutely essential. We also agree that a nuclear-armed Iran would be a global threat to everyone everywhere. Republicans and Demo-crats in the Senate know it would be better to have no deal at all than to have a bad deal. Even President Obama has said that. 
The concern many Americans have 
right now is that the deal the Presi-dent seems prepared to sign is nowhere near strong enough. When I go home to Wyoming every weekend, as I did this past weekend, the people I talk with don’t believe Iran has earned the right to be trusted. They are very concerned that the President is ready to sign a very bad deal. I think those concerns are absolutely justified. Iran has avoid-ed scrutiny of its nuclear program for years. What has happened to make the President think all of a sudden that Iran will come clean? I have not seen anything happen out there. 
President Obama and his team have 
been too willing to negotiate without conditions and too hesitant to take the strong stand that I believe must be taken. The President never wanted these economic sanctions in the first place. He said the sanctions would ruin his chances of negotiating a deal at all. Remember that? Well, Congress in-sisted anyway. Those sanctions did not drive Iran away; it is the sanctions themselves that brought Iran to the negotiating table. Now the President admits that the sanctions, which he op-posed, were a good idea. He still wanted to get rid of them as quickly as pos-sible. The President wanted members of his 
administration to do all of the negoti-ating in private, and he wanted to de-cide by himself what is best. Repub-licans and Democrats both said that Congress needs to review any deal be-fore getting rid of the sanctions—the sanctions imposed by Congress. We said that he does not have the right to make such important decisions about sanctions imposed by Congress. He does not have the right to eliminate them by himself. 
It is very important that we keep 
asking questions about any potential deal, questions such as, what exactly is the Obama administration agreeing to on sanctions relief? I mean, it is inter-esting. Iran has said that the final deal must remove all of the economic sanc-tions on day No. 1. The administration has said that the sanctions will be lift-ed in phases and only if Iran complies with different steps along the way. Well, which is it? There is a big dif-ference between what the President is saying and what Iran is saying. 
The administration already gave Iran 
sanction relief from sanctions under the interim agreement in 2013. We saw how that turned out. It has given Iran access to $12 billion in much needed hard currency since then. The Obama administration has been unclear on ex-actly how much actual additional cur-rency it plans to release under the final agreement. Tens of billions? I heard a number as high as over $100 billion with sanctions relief. Well, once the rest of the sanctions are lifted, how can we make sure Iran does not use the money to support terrorists who want to attack us, who want to attack America? Iran has a long history of supporting terrorists such as Hamas and Hezbollah. Is that where the money is going to go? I do not believe Iran is going to use the money to build roads or hospitals or schools. 
What about Iran’s plans for their nu-
clear program? Now Iran says they want to do nuclear research for peace-ful purposes. Have our negotiators made any progress on holding Iran to its word on that specific point? 
Back in November of 2013, Iran signed 
a framework agreement with the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency that was supposed to address the possible military aspects of Iran’s nuclear pro-gram. It named 12 specific areas where Iran was going to address those con-cerns. The Director General of that or-ganization, the International Atomic Energy Agency, now says that Iran has addressed only 1 of the 12 it promised to address—only 1 of 12 things it was supposed to do under the last deal from 2013. What has changed since then to make President Obama and the Obama administration think Iran is going to comply with this deal? Why should we suddenly trust Iran now? What is there in the agreement that will force Iran to do what it says it will do? 
Congress needs to keep a very close 
eye on any final agreement. Whatever happens, a deal with Iran must be en-forceable, it must be verifiable, and it 
must be accountable. 
We know President Obama is looking 
to finish out his time by polishing his legacy. Congress needs to make sure this deal is about protecting America and protecting Americans, not pro-tecting the President’s diplomatic leg-acy. The stakes are too high. So far, there are too many unanswered ques-tions. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak on my amendment to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, to bol-ster Congress’s role in monitoring Iran’s ballistic missile and defensive weapons activity. I hope this amend-ment is agreed to. It has been written, rewritten, and rewritten again to try to fit the concerns of the majority, the minority, everybody concerned. 
My amendment simply requires the 
President to make an addition in his semiannual report to Congress, includ-
ing to the Finance Committee, of which I am a senior member, on any weapons sold, leased or lent by any country to Iran, which are currently prohibited under the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1929—and sophisticated air defense systems. 
In 2010, the United Nations Security 
Council, including Russia, a permanent member of the security council, passed a new round of sanctions on Iran’s nu-clear program. Resolution 1929 pro-hibits Iran from investing abroad in uranium mining, related nuclear tech-nologies or nuclear-capable ballistic missile technology, and prohibits Iran from launching ballistic missiles, in-cluding on its own territory. 
That same year, Russia finalized a 
weapons sale with Iran on the S–300, much publicized today—the S–300 air defense system, which is not currently sanctioned by the United Nations. However, to provide a working partner-ship and cooperation, then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev placed a halt on the sale. Unfortunately, the situation and agreement has now changed dramatically. Today, we are contending with President Vladimir Putin. 
Sophisticated air defense systems, 
such as the Russian-produced S–300, have the capability of shielding Iranian missile facilities from oversight and airstrikes. This poses a real threat to global security, not to mention peace in the Middle East and, as a con-sequence, all throughout the world. 
To prevent this threat, we must en-
sure our intelligence community is doing everything in its power and capa-bility to ensure the greatest threat in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.012 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2666 May 6, 2015 
an unstable region, Iran, is not getting 
help from nations looking to boost their economy through weapons sales, regardless of the impact. 
News reports now confirm Russia is 
preparing to sell Iran billions in sophis-ticated weaponry. News reports are one thing. However, it is imperative our in-telligence community keeps the ad-ministration and the Congress briefed fully and on a timely basis on this na-tional security threat. 
One month ago, reports revealed Rus-
sia’s intention to sell the S–300 to Iran. 
I was alarmed when I asked my col-leagues what they knew about the im-mediacy of this sale before it was made public in news reports—more specifi-cally, members of the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence—and it was ap-parent no one in the Senate had been fully briefed. 
I cannot imagine any of my col-
leagues not wanting to know who is and who may be planning to arm Iran or why the administration would not 
be willing to share this information with the Congress—and know it them-selves. Our intelligence community can and surely must do better. 
By requiring President Obama, and 
future Presidents as well, to provide Congress with timely, actionable intel-ligence on Iran’s weapons systems, my amendment ensures that Congress can make informed decisions with regard to our national security. 
For Congress to support an agree-
ment, Congress must be kept informed. If a nuclear agreement with Iran has even the slightest chance of preventing a nuclear Iran, then we must be vigi-lant, at least to ensure that other na-tions are not arming Iran and putting our allies in the region—Jordan, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the Gulf States, and, more especially, Israel—at increased risk. 
My amendment strengthens this bill 
by ensuring Congress obtains oversight and intelligence on every country, es-pecially Russia, regarding weapons sales to Iran. 
So I ask my colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle to consider this amendment and to join me in supporting increased oversight on all of Iran’s weapons ac-tivities. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be al-lowed to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am here for the 98th time to urge this body to stop sleepwalking through his-
tory. Climate change is real, it is al-ready harming the United States, and it is time for the Senate to wake up and address this threat. 
The science that links carbon pollu-
tion to global warming is nothing new. It dates back to President Lincoln. In the century and a half since, we have measured changes in the climate that scientists virtually unanimously say are caused by our burning of fossil fuels. Atmospheric carbon is now meas-ured at 400 parts per million—higher than ever in our species’ history. Our oceans are warming and acidifying. Those are measurements again. We are experiencing the warmest years ever recorded. More measurements. And ris-ing seas are lapping at our shores. In Rhode Island, we measure nearly 10 inches of sea level rise since the 1930s. These are all measurements, not pro-jections. These are facts, not theories. 
If we do not act soon to cut carbon 
pollution, we can reasonably expect the consequences to be dire. Yet, the fossil fuel industry continues its crafty, cyn-ical campaign of denial and delay. Big Coal, Oil and Natural Gas, and related industries, such as the Koch brothers’ companies, profit by offloading the costs of their carbon pollution onto the rest of us. They traffic in products that put health and safety at risk, and they don’t tell the truth about their prod-ucts. Sound familiar? Well, it should because the fossil fuel industry is using a familiar playbook, one perfected by the tobacco industry. Following this same playbook, Big Tobacco fought for more than four decades to bury the truth about the health effects of its product. 
Well, the government has a playbook, 
too. It is called RICO, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. The elements of a civil racket-eering case are simple. The govern-ment must allege four things: The de-fendants No. 1 conducted No. 2 an en-terprise No. 3 through a pattern No. 4 of racketeering activity. Conducting means everything from directing to aiding and abetting the activity. An enterprise can be any form of associa-tion or a common scheme. Pattern means continuity of the scheme and— for civil RICO particularly—the pros-pect of ongoing conduct. Racketeering activity simply means a violation of designated Federal laws, including the Federal mail fraud and wire fraud stat-utes. 
In 1999, the U.S. Department of Jus-
tice filed a civil RICO lawsuit against the major tobacco companies and their associated industry groups. The gov-ernment’s complaint was clear: The to-bacco companies ‘‘have engaged in and executed—and continue to engage in and execute—a massive 50-year scheme to defraud the public, including con-sumers of cigarettes, in violation of RICO.’’ 
Big Tobacco spent millions of dollars 
and years of litigation fighting the government, but finally, through dis-covery, government lawyers were able 
to peel back the layers of deceit and see what the big tobacco companies really knew all along about cigarettes. 
In 2006, Judge Gladys Kessler of the 
U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia decided the case. In a nearly 
1,700-page opinion, she found the to-bacco companies’ fraudulent campaign amounted to a racketeering enterprise. According to the court: 
Defendants coordinated significant aspects 
of their public relations, scientific, legal, and marketing activity in furtherance of the shared objective—to . . . maximize industry profits by preserving and expanding the mar-ket for cigarettes through a scheme to de-ceive the public. 
The parallels between what the to-
bacco industry did and what the fossil fuel industry is doing now are striking. In fact, we can go back and reread those judicial findings about tobacco, substitute the words ‘‘fossil fuel,’’ and exactly describe what the fossil fuel in-dustry is up to. That is without the benefit of discovery, where litigants get to demand the production of docu-ments and take the depositions of po-tential witnesses and require answers under oath. What a treasure trove that would produce. 
We know that the prospect of action 
on climate change is a business risk for fossil fuel companies. Serious action on climate—a transition to clean, low-car-bon energy—threatens to cut into pol-luters’ market and profits. The match between the fossil fuel industry and Big Tobacco is pretty good in terms of the business risk presented if the pub-lic were to be really aware of the harm. They have a motive to deceive. 
We know that in the case of both to-
bacco and fossil fuels, the industry joined together in a common enterprise and coordinated strategy. Remember the finding in the tobacco case that de-fendants coordinated significant as-pects of their public relations, sci-entific, legal and marketing activity in furtherance of the shared objective. How about the fossil fuel industry? 
In 1998, as the Clinton administration 
was building support for international 
climate action under the Kyoto Pro-tocol, another group was up to some-thing else. That group was the fossil fuel industry, its trade associations, and the conservative policy institutes that often do the industry’s dirty work with clean faces. They met at the Washington office of the American Pe-troleum Institute. Their plan? To orga-nize a scheme to create doubt about climate change and to undermine pub-lic support for American participation in the Kyoto agreement. 
A memo from that meeting was 
leaked to the New York Times. The memo documented the polluters’ plans for a multimillion-dollar public rela-tions campaign to undermine climate science. What was the project’s goal? To ensure that—and I will quote the memo here—‘‘a majority of the Amer-ican Public, including industry leader-ship, recognizes that significant uncer-tainties exist in climate science, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.016 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2667 May 6, 2015 
therefore raises questions among those 
(e.g. Congress) who chart the future U.S. course on global climate change.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have the memo printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
If anything, the fossil fuel industry’s 
climate denial scheme has grown even bigger and more complex than Big To-bacco’s. The shape of the fossil fuel in-dustry’s denial operation has been doc-umented by, among others, Drexel Uni-versity Professor Robert Brulle. Brulle’s follow-the-money analysis shows how the fossil fuel industry per-petuates climate denial through a com-plex network of organizations and funding that is designed to obscure the fossil fuel industry’s fingerprints. It is quite a beast. 
This is the climate denial beast. Pol-
luter money and dark money are its lifeblood. PR front groups are its or-gans, and lies and obfuscation are its work. Look at the complex inter-connection of the beast’s major play-ers. The green diamonds are the big funders—the Koch-affiliated founda-tions, the Scaife-affiliated Founda-tions, the American Petroleum Insti-tute. The blue circles are the who’s who of tea party, libertarian, and front groups who have wittingly or not be-come the flacks for the fossil fuel in-dustry—the Heartland Institute, the Hoover Institution, the Heritage Foun-dation, the Cato Institute, and the Mercatus Center, to name just a few. Think how much trouble someone must have gone to to set all this in play. Think how important the purpose would have to be to them to take all that trouble. 
What was the purpose of this net-
work? To quote directly from Dr. Brulle’s report, it was ‘‘a deliberate and organized effort to misdirect the public discussion and distort the public’s understanding of climate.’’ That sounds a lot like the judge’s find-ings in the tobacco racketeering case: ‘‘Defendants have intentionally main-tained and coordinated their fraudu-lent position on addiction and nicotine as an important part of their overall efforts to influence public opinion and persuade people that smoking is not dangerous.’’ 
The coordinated tactics of this net-
work, Dr. Brulle’s report states, ‘‘span a wide range of activities, including po-litical lobbying, contributions to polit-ical candidates, and a large number of communication and media efforts that aim at undermining climate science.’’ Compare that to the findings in the to-bacco case: ‘‘Defendants coordinated significant aspects of their public rela-tions, scientific, legal, and marketing activity in furtherance of the shared objective.’’ 
So that is the beast, and big money 
flows through it. 
Brulle’s report chronicles that from 
2003 to 2010, 140 foundations made 5,299 grants totaling $558 million to 91 orga-nizations that actively oppose climate action. For decades, the tobacco indus-
try did the same thing. In the tobacco case, Judge Kessler found that the ‘‘de-fendants took steps to fund research designed and controlled to generate in-dustry favorable results, and to sup-press adverse research results.’’ 
Look at the recent affair with Dr. 
Willie Soon, a scientist who consist-ently publishes papers downplaying the role of carbon dioxide emissions in causing climate change. Through the Freedom of Information Act, we know that Dr. Soon has received more than half of his funding from oil and electric utility coal interests. His fossil fuel backers include the American Petro-leum Institute, ExxonMobil, the Charles G. Koch Foundation, and the Southern Company. Most recently, he has been getting his funding through Donors Trust, the dark money iden-tity-laundering operation that anonymizes corporate and polluter money. By the way, the biggest mark in the whole beast is right there, and that is Donors Trust. 
The manipulation of science is pretty 
egregious. Some of Dr. Soon’s research contracts gave his industry backers a chance to see what he was doing before he published it. Some of these con-tracts even had clauses that promised Dr. Soon’s fossil fuel backers would re-ceive ‘‘an advance written copy of pro-posed publications...for comment and input.’’ The New York Times reported that in correspondence with his fossil fuel funders, Dr. Soon referred to the scientific papers he produced as ‘‘deliverables.’’ Deliverable, indeed. 
The fossil fuel industry has had to 
work against mounting evidence to cover up the risks for as long as pos-sible; The same with Big Tobacco. Again, to quote Judge Kessler’s deci-sion in the tobacco case, ‘‘Despite over-whelming evidence from a wide range of disciplines including statistics and epidemiology, pathology and chem-istry, clinical observation and animal experimentation, as well as their own internal research, Defendants contin-ued to claim ‘no proof’ and continued to attempt to create doubt about the scientific findings.’’ 
The Federal racketeering complaint 
opened up discovery into the files of the tobacco companies and showed fi-nally and unequivocally that for dec-ades the tobacco industry knew about smoking’s harm while it continued public relations campaigns to deny that smoking was harmful. Discovery is a powerful tool. Sanctions for hiding evidence from a court are steep. So time and again, it is discovery that finds the real smoking guns in cor-porate records. Remember when New York’s attorney general discovered in-ternal emails from analysts at Merrill Lynch that showed the company pro-moting stocks to its customers that they internally described as ‘‘junk’’? 
The fossil fuel industry is engaged in 
a massive effort to deny climate science and deceive the American pub-lic. They have been at it for years, and the clearer the science becomes, the 
harder the polluters fight. Gary Wills used to work for William F. Buckley at the National Review and recently de-scribed this effort as ‘‘their kept sci-entists, their rigged conferences, their sycophantic beneficiaries [and] and their bought publicists.’’ Imagine what a little discovery into the beast would reveal about the schemes and mischief of the climate denial apparatus, about what they are telling each other in pri-vate while they scheme to deceive the public. 
The truth will eventually come to 
light. It always does. But here in the Senate, we should not wait for a court case before taking action. The evidence is clear. We have a legislative responsi-bility to address climate change and to do that now. The facts are clear as day right before our eyes, despite the fossil fuel industry’s efforts to deceive and deny, despite their persistent big polit-ical spending and bullying. We just have to wake up to the facts and to our duty. 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
The material below contains a memo by 
the API from April 1998. 
MEMO 
From: Joe Walker 
To: Global Climate Science Team Cc: Michelle Ross; Susan Moya Subject: Draft Global Climate Science Com-
munications plan 
As promised, attached is the draft Global 
Climate Science Communications Plan that we developed during our workshop Last Fri-day. Thanks especially to those of you who participated in the workshop, and In par-ticular to John Adams for his very helpful thoughts following up our meeting, and Alan Caudill for turning around the notes from our workshop so quickly. 
Please review the pan and get back to me 
with your comments as soon as possible. 
As those of you who were at the workshop 
know, we have scheduled a follow-up team meeting to review the plan in person on Fri-day, April 17, form 1 to 3 p.m. at the API headquarters. After that, we hope to have a ‘‘Plan champion’’ help us move it forward to potential funding sources, perhaps starting with the global climate ‘‘Coordinating Coun-cil.’’ That will be an item for discussion on April 17. 
Again, thanks for your hard work on this 
project. Please e-mail me, call or fax me with your comments. Thanks. 
Regards, 
J
OEWALKER . 
GLOBAL CLIMATE SCIENCE 
COMMUNICATIONS 
ACTION PLAN 
SITUATION ANALYSIS  
In December 1997, the Clinton Administra-
tion agreed in Kyoto, Japan, to a treaty to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to prevent what it purports to be changes in the global climate caused by the continuing release of such emissions. The so-called green house gases have many sources. For example, water vapor is a greenhouse gas. But the Clinton Administration’s action, if eventu-ally approved by the U.S. Senate, will main-ly affect emissions from fossil fuel (gasoline, coal, natural gas, etc.) combustion. 
As the climate change debate has evolved, 
those who oppose action have argued mainly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.020 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2668 May 6, 2015 
that signing such a treaty will place the U.S. 
at a competitive disadvantage with most other nations, and will be extremely expen-sive to implement. Much of the cost will be borne by American consumers who will pay higher prices for most energy and transpor-tation. 
The climate change theory being advanced 
by the treaty supporters is based primarily on forecasting models with a very high de-gree of uncertainty. In fact, its not known for sure whether (a) climate change actually is occurring, or (b) if it is, whether humans really have any influence on it. 
Despite these weaknesses in scientific un-
derstanding, those who oppose the treaty have done little to build a case against pre-cipitous action on climate change based on the scientific uncertainty. As a result, The Clinton Administration and environmental groups essentially have had the field to themselves. They have conducted an effec-tive public relations program to convince the American public that the climate is changing, we humans are at fault, and we must do something about it before calamity strikes. 
The environmental groups know they have 
been successful. Commenting after the Kyoto negotiations about recent media coverage of climate change, Tom Wathen, executive vice president of the National Environmental Trust, wrote: 
‘‘. . . As important as the extent of the 
coverage was the tone and tenor of it. In a change from just six months ago, most media stories no longer presented global warming as just a theory over which reason-able scientists could differ. Most stories de-scribed predictions of global warming as the position of the overwhelming number of mainstream scientists. That the environ-mental community had, to a great extent, settled the scientific issue with the U.S. media is the other great success that began perhaps several months earlier but became apparent during Kyoto.’’ 
Because the science underpinning the glob-
al climate change theory has not been chal-lenged effectively in the media or through other vehicles reaching the American public, there is widespread ignorance, which works in favor of the Kyoto treaty and against the best interests of the United States. Indeed, the public has been highly receptive to the Clinton Administrations plans. There has been little, if any, public resistance or pres-sure applied to Congress to reject the treaty, except by those ‘‘inside the Beltway’’ with vested interests. 
Moreover, from the political viewpoint, it 
is difficult for the United States to oppose the treaty solely on economic grounds, valid as the economic issues are. It makes it too easy for others to portray the United States as putting preservation of its own lifestyle above the greater concerns of mankind. This argument, in turn, forces our negotiators to make concessions that have not been well thought through, and in the end may do far more harm than good. This is the process that unfolded at Kyoto, and is very likely to be repeated in Buenos Aires in November 1998. 
The advocates of global warming have been 
successful on the basis of skillfully misrepre-senting the science and the extent of agree-ment on the science, while industry and its partners ceded the science and fought on the economic issues. Yet if we can show that science does not support the Kyoto treaty— which most true climate scientists believe to be the case—this puts the United States in a stronger moral position and frees its nego-
tiators from the need to make concessions as a defense against perceived selfish economic concerns. 
Upon this tableau, the Global Climate 
Science Communications Team (GCSCT) de-veloped an action plan to inform the Amer-
ican public that science does not support the precipitous actions Kyoto would dictate, thereby providing a climate for the right pol-icy decisions to be made. The team consid-ered results from a new public opinion sur-vey in developing the plan. 
Charlton Research’s survey of 1,100 ‘‘in-
formed Americans’’ suggests that while Americans currently perceive climate change to be a great threat, public opinion is open enough to change on climate science. When informed that ‘‘some scientists believe there is not enough evidence to suggest that [what is called global climate change] is a long-term change due to human behavior and activities,’’ 58 percent of those surveyed said they were more likely to oppose the Kyoto treaty. Moreover, half the respondents har-bored doubts about climate science. 
GCSCT members who contributed to the 
development of the plan are A. John Adams, John Adams Associates; Candace Crandall, Science and Environmental Policy Project; David Rothbard, Committee For A Construc-tive Tomorrow; Jeffrey Salmon, The Mar-shall Institute; Lee Garrigan, environmental issues Council; Lynn Bouchey and Myron Ebell, Frontiers of Freedom; Peter Cleary, Americans for Tax Reform; Randy Randol, Exxon Corp.; Robert Gehri, The Southern Company; Sharon Kneiss, Chevron Corp; Steve Milloy, The Advancement of Sound Science Coalition; and Joseph Walker, Amer-ican Petroleum Institute. 
The action plan is detailed on the fol-
lowing pages. 
PROJECT GOAL  
A majority of the American public, includ-
ing industry leadership, recognizes that sig-nificant uncertainties exist in climate science, and therefore raises questions among those (e.g. Congress) who chart the future U.S. course on global climate change. 
Progress will be measured toward the goal. 
A measurement of the public’s perspective on climate science will be taken before the plan is launched, and the same measurement will be taken at one or more as-yet-to-be-de-termined intervals as the plan is imple-mented. 
VICTORY WILL BE ACHIEVED WHEN  
Average citizens ‘‘understand’’ (recognize) 
uncertainties in climate science; recognition of uncertainties becomes part of the ‘‘con-ventional wisdom’’ 
Media ‘‘understands’’ (recognizes) uncer-
tainties in climate science 
Media coverage reflects balance on climate 
science and recognition of the validity of viewpoints that challenge the current ‘‘con-ventional wisdom’’ 
Industry senior leadership understands un-
certainties in climate science, making them stronger ambassadors to those who shape cli-mate policy 
Those promoting the Kyoto treaty on the 
basis of extent science appears to be out of touch with reality. 
CURRENT REALITY  
Unless ‘‘climate change’’ becomes a non- 
issue, meaning that the Kyoto proposal is de-feated and there are no further initiatives to thwart the threat of climate change, there may be no moment when we can declare vic-tory for our efforts. It will be necessary to establish measurements for the science ef-fort to track progress toward achieving the goal and strategic success. 
STRATEGIES AND TACTICS  
I. National Media Relations Program: De-
velop and implement a national media rela-tions program to inform the media about un-certainties in climate science; to generate national, regional and local media coverage on the scientific uncertainties, and thereby educate and inform the public, stimulating 
them to raise questions with policy makers. 
Tactics: These tactics will be undertaken 
between now and the next climate meeting in Buenos Aires/Argentina, in November 1998, and will be continued thereafter, as appro-priate. Activities will be launched as soon as the plan is approved, funding obtained, and the necessary resources (e.g., public rela-tions counsel) arranged and deployed. In all cases, tactical implementation will be fully integrated with other elements of this action plan, most especially Strategy II (National Climate Science Data Center). 
Identify, recruit and train a team of five 
independent scientists to participate in media outreach. These will be individuals who do not have a long history of visibility and/or participation in the climate change debate. Rather, this team will consist of new faces who will add their voices to those rec-ognized scientists who already are vocal. 
Develop a global climate science informa-
tion kit for media including peer-reviewed papers that undercut the ‘‘conventional wis-dom’’ on climate science. This kit also will include understandable communications, in-cluding simple fact sheets that present sci-entific uncertainties in language that the media and public can understand. 
Conduct briefings by media-trained sci-
entists for science writers in the top 20 media markets, using the information kits. Distribute the information kits to daily newspapers nationwide with offer of sci-entists to brief reporters at each paper. De-velop, disseminate radio news releases fea-turing scientists nationwide, and offer sci-entists to appear on radio talk shows across the country. 
Produce, distribute a steady stream of cli-
mate science information via facsimile and e-mail to science writers around the country. 
Produce, distribute via syndicate and di-
rectly to newspapers nationwide a steady stream of op-ed columns and letters to the editor authored by scientists. 
Convince one of the major news national 
TV journalists (e.g., John Stossel) to produce a report examining the scientific underpinnings of the Kyoto treaty. 
Organize, promote and conduct through 
grassroots organizations a series of campus/ community workshops/debates on climate science in 10 most important states during the period mid-August through October, 1998. 
Consider advertising the scientific uncer-
tainties in select markets to support na-tional, regional and local (e.g., workshops/ debates), as appropriate. 
NATIONAL MEDIA PROGRAM BUDGET —$600,000 
PLUS PAID ADVERTISING  
II. Global Climate Science Information 
Source: Develop and implement a program to inject credible science and scientific ac-countability into the global climate debate, thereby raising questions about and under-cutting the ‘‘prevailing scientific wisdom.’’ The strategy will have the added benefit of providing a platform for credible, construc-tive criticism of the opposition’s position on the science. 
Tactics: As with the National Media Rela-
tions Program, these activities will be un-dertaken between now and the next climate meeting in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in No-vember 1998, and will continue thereafter. Initiatives will be launched as soon as the plan is approved, funding obtained, and the necessary resources arranged and deployed. 
Establish a Global Climate Science Data 
Center. The GCSDC will be established in Washington as a non-profit educational foun-dation with an advisory board of respected climate scientists. It will be staffed initially with professionals on loan from various com-panies and associations with a major inter-est in the climate issue. These executives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.001 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2669 May 6, 2015 
will bring with them knowledge and experi-
ence in the following areas. 
Overall history of climate research and the 
IPCC process; 
Congressional relations and knowledge of 
where individual Senators stand on the cli-mate issue; 
Knowledge of key climate scientists and 
where they stand; 
Ability to identify and recruit as many as 
20 respected climate scientists to serve on the science advisory board; 
Knowledge and expertise in media rela-
tions and with established relationships with science and energy writers, columnists and editorial writers; 
Expertise in grassroots organization; and Campaign organization and administra-
tion. 
The GCSDC will be led by dynamic senior 
executive with a major personal commit-ment to the goals of the campaign and easy access to business leaders at the CEO level. The Center will be run on a day-to-day basis by an executive director with responsibility for ensuring targets are met. The Center will be funded at a level that will permit it to succeed, including funding for research con-tracts that may be deemed appropriate to fill gaps in climate science (e.g., a complete sci-entific critique of the IPCC research and its conclusions). 
The GCSDC will become a one-stop re-
source on climate science for members of Congress, the media, industry and all others concerned. It will be in constant contact with the best climate scientists and ensure that their findings and views receive appro-priate attention. It will provide them with the logistical and moral support they have been lacking. In short, it will be a sound sci-entific alternative to the IPCC. Its functions will include: 
Providing as an easily accessible database 
(including a website) of all mainstream cli-mate science information. 
Identifying and establishing cooperative 
relationships with all major scientists whose research in this field supports our position. 
Establishing cooperative relationships 
with other mainstream scientific organiza-tions (e.g., meteorologists, geophysicists) to bring their perspectives to bear on the de-bate, as appropriate. 
Developing opportunities to maximize the 
impact of scientific views consistent with ours with Congress, the media and other key audiences. 
Monitoring and serving as and early warn-
ing system for scientific developments with the potential to impact on the climate science debate, pro and con. 
Responding to claims from the scientific 
alarmists and media. 
Providing grants for advocacy on climate 
science, as deemed appropriate. 
GLOBAL CLIMATE SCIENCE DATA CENTER BUDG -
ET—$5,000,000 (SPREAD OVER TWO YEARS MIN -
IMUM)  
III. National Direct Outreach and Edu-
cation: Develop and implement a direct out-reach program to inform and educate mem-bers of Congress, state officials, industry leadership, and school teachers/students about uncertainties in climate science. This strategy will enable Congress, state officials and industry leaders will be able to raise such serious questions about the Kyoto trea-ty’s scientific underpinnings that American policy-makers not only will refuse to endorse it, they will seek to prevent progress toward implementation at the Buenos Aires meeting in November or through other ways. Inform-ing teachers/students about uncertainties in climate science will begin to erect a barrier against further efforts to impose Kyoto-like measures in the future. Tactics: Informing and educating members 
of Congress, state officials and industry lead-ers will be undertaken as soon as the plan is approved, funding is obtained, and the nec-essary resources are arrayed and will con-tinue through Buenos Aires and for the fore-seeable future. The teachers/students out-reach program will be developed and launched in early 1999. In all cases, tactical implementation will be fully integrated with other elements of this action plan. 
Develop and conduct through the Global 
Climate Science Data Center science brief-ings for Congress, governors, state legisla-tors, and industry leaders by August 1998. 
Develop information kits on climate 
science targeted specifically at the needs of government officials and industry leaders, to be used in conjunction with and separately from the in-person briefings to further dis-seminate information on climate science un-certainties and thereby arm these influentials to raise serious questions on the science issue. 
Organize under the GCSDC a ‘‘Science Edu-
cation Task Group’’ that will serve as the point of outreach to the National Science Teachers Association (NSTA) and other in-fluential science education organizations. Work with NSTA to develop school materials that present a credible, balanced picture of climate science for use in classrooms nation-wide. 
Distribute educational materials directly 
to schools and through grassroots organiza-tions of climate science partners (companies, organizations that participate in this effort). 
NATIONAL DIRECT OUTREACH PROGRAM  
BUDGET —$300,000 
IV. Funding/Fund Allocation: Develop and 
implement program to obtain funding, and to allocate funds to ensure that the program is carried out effectively. 
Tactics: This strategy will be implemented 
as soon as we have the go-ahead to proceed. 
Potential funding sources were identified 
as American Petroleum Institute (API) and its members; Business Round Table (BRT) and its members, Edison Electric Institute (EEI) and its members; Independent Petro-leum Association of America (IPAA) and its members; and the National Mining Associa-tion (NMA) and its members. 
Potential fund allocators were identified 
as the American Legislative Exchange Coun-cil (ALEC), Committee For A Constructive Tomorrow (CFACT), Competitive Enterprise Institute, Frontiers of Freedom and The Marshall Institute. 
T
OTAL FUNDS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT PRO-
GRAM THROUGH NOVEMBER 1998—$2,000,000 
(A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF FUNDING FOR THE  
GCSDC WILL BE DEFERRED UNTIL 1999 AND 
BEYOND ) 
MEASUREMENTS  
Various metrics will be used to track 
progress. These measurements will have to be determined in fleshing out the action plan and may include: 
Baseline public/government official opin-
ion surveys and periodic follow-up surveys on the percentage of Americans and govern-ment officials who recognize significant un-certainties in climate science. 
Tracking the percent of media articles 
that raise questions about climate science. 
Number of Members of Congress exposed to 
our materials on climate science. 
Number of communications on climate 
science received by Members of Congress from their constituents. 
Number of radio talk show appearances by 
scientists questioning the ‘‘prevailing wis-dom’’ on climate science. 
Number of school teachers/students 
reached with our information on climate science. Number of science writers briefed and who 
report upon climate science uncertainties. 
Total audience exposed to newspaper, 
radio, television coverage of science uncer-tainties. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
GARDNER ). The Senator from Lou-
isiana. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —AMENDMENT  
NO. 1186 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I have 
an amendment to the Iran sanctions bill which is pending. This is amend-ment No. 1186. I come to the floor to attempt to modify my own amendment simply by taking out section 2 of the amendment. I have given this proposed modification of my own amendment to all of the managers of the bill, major-ity and minority. They have had it for several hours, and I have discussed it with the managers. All I am seeking is to be able to modify the language of my own amendment, which is already pending. With that in mind, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate resumes consideration of H.R. 1191, the Iran sanctions bill, that I be al-lowed to modify my amendment No. 1186 with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. CARDIN. Reserving the right to 
object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, as Sen-
ator V
ITTER has pointed out, right now 
we are on the motion to proceed to the trade bill. We are not on the Iran sanc-tions bill. There are continuing discus-sions taking place on the Iran sanc-tions bill between Senator C
ORKER and 
me in an effort to try to get as many of the amendments that we have been working on cleared as possible. Senator V
ITTER ’s request could very well at 
this point interfere with the maximum number of amendments being consid-ered, and for that reason I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, my re-
quest is not going to interfere with anything. That is a bunch of bull. My request is that I be allowed to modify the language of my own amendment which is pending, and it is not going to interfere with any other amendment. 
Let’s be upfront about what is going 
on here. It is not an open amendment process. We have been talking about this bill for 2 weeks. We have had two votes on amendments. They are not even talking about amendment votes. What Senator C
ARDIN is describing is 
negotiating the language and changing the language of certain amendments so it is agreeable to everyone, including him. That is not an open amendment process. Those are not votes. That is not voting up or down. That is not giv-ing everyone their say and their ability to have votes. That is blocking the gate, blocking the door, and returning to the practices of the H
ARRY REID 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.002 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2670 May 6, 2015 
Senate and then holding everybody 
hostage and demanding the language you want, Senator C
ARDIN wants, ev-
erybody wants, in order for that amendment to even possibly be consid-ered. That is as far from an open amendment process as you can get. 
If that is what they are discussing, 
they might as well stop now because I will object. I want a vote on my amendment. I want votes on other sig-nificant amendments. If this is just a game to come to some unanimous con-sent agreement, some managers’ pack-age which they bless, they can stop those discussions right now because I will object. 
Again, Mr. President, I think it is 
reasonable that a Senator get to mod-ify his own amendment. I think that is a pretty minimal request. I will repeat it. 
I ask unanimous consent that when 
the Senate resumes consideration of H.R. 1191, that I be allowed to modify amendment No. 1186 with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object, let me point out that but for the fact that Senator C
OTTON filed an amendment—he had 
every right to do so, and I am not say-ing he did not—without Senator C
ORKER or the leadership or my know-
ing that he was going to go through that process, Senator V
ITTER could 
have modified his amendment. He is being blocked and needs consent be-cause of actions taken by a Republican Senator. 
Prior to that action being taken, 
Senator C
ORKER and I, working with— 
I think there were somewhere around 60 amendments filed by Republicans and none by Democrats. This is a bill which passed the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee 19 to 0, one which in-corporated many amendments of the members of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, including the Pre-siding Officer, who is working with us on this. We worked those out. We are in the process of presenting an addi-tional four amendments for floor ac-tion. 
When that action was taken by a 
Senator—who had every right to do it because he was trying to get his amendment considered on the floor—in effect, it blocked other amendments from being considered on the floor. When you have one party filing all of 
the amendments, it is necessary to have an orderly process for these con-siderations. We were in the process of doing that, and that was blocked. 
Senator C
ORKER and I regret that we 
did not have a chance to bring more amendments in an orderly way for con-sideration on the floor. But the request made by Senator V
ITTER is to try to 
get his amendment in a different posi-tion than other amendments, and for that reason, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. The Senator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, this is 
not being blocked by Senator C
OTTON . 
Everybody knows that. Senator C OTTON  
made it clear that he would happily agree to get amendments up for a vote. This has been a determined, choreographed effort to close the door during an open amendment process and to demand leverage so that every amendment has to be worked out. Do you know what ‘‘worked out’’ means? That means they get a veto and we don’t get a vote. That is unreasonable, and that is the exact opposite of an open amendment process. 
I am not being blocked by Senator 
C
OTTON . I know that. Everybody knows 
that. We are being blocked by the man-agers of this bill. I think it is highly regrettable. 
As I said, if the end game here is to 
work out amendments to Senator C
ARDIN ’s or anyone else’s satisfaction, 
and they get a veto, they can stop their work on that right now because I am objecting, and I will object. I want a vote. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I will 
point out in response to Senator V
IT-
TER that we had two record votes on 
the floor on this bill, and both were amendments that were overwhelmingly rejected. They were not amendments I wanted on the bill. I opposed both of those amendments and Senator C
ORKER  
opposed both of those amendments. 
When the amendment was offered by 
Senator C OTTON , we were in the process 
of scheduling another vote on the floor of an amendment that I equally op-posed. I have indicated that I will op-pose several of the other amendments Members have tried to make pending, but I did not object to votes on those amendments. 
I just want to respond to Senator 
V
ITTER . Senator C ORKER and I did not 
attempt to block votes on amendments that we don’t agree with. We were seeking an orderly way to proceed be-cause, quite frankly, this bill is criti-cally important to our country. 
Let’s not lose sight of what we are 
trying to achieve, and that is to block Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. The best way for us to do that is for 
this body and the House and the Presi-dent to speak with a united voice, to give us the strongest possible position in negotiations, and for Congress to carry out its responsibility to review this agreement because it was Congress that imposed the sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table. We have a responsibility—in an orderly way—to review that agreement. 
The legislation we brought forward— 
and the Presiding Officer was very helpful in bringing it forward—allows us, in an orderly way, to consider that agreement, if one is reached, so that we can have open hearings in a delibera-tive way to determine how Congress should act, and that is what this bill does. I regret that my friend from Lou-
isiana—and he is my friend—feels that any amendment he wants to offer—and there are 60-some other amendments to be offered—that he should be able to bring them up at any time he wants. Quite frankly, this bill is too impor-tant for us to use anything but an or-derly way to consider amendments. That is what this bill does for the con-sideration of a potential agreement. 
I thank Senator C
ORKER for his lead-
ership, and the two of us will work to-gether to make sure we complete this bill in an orderly way. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BULLETPROOF VEST PARTNER-
SHIP GRANT PROGRAM REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am 
surely going to make a unanimous con-sent request, and I have notified the Republican leader of this, but before I do, I wish to make a statement on this issue. I am talking about the Bullet-proof Vest Partnership Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2015. That is a lot of words, but it is basically talking about the bulletproof vest bill Repub-lican Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell and I first put together 17 years ago. It is a lifesaving grant program. 
Senator Nighthorse Campbell and I 
both had the privilege of serving in various forms of law enforcement. We knew how things had changed. We knew a number of police officers, men and women, who died, were shot to death, who would have lived had they had bulletproof vests. We also knew a lot of them—especially small depart-ments such as those in my State and many in Senator Nighthorse Camp-bell’s State—could not afford them. That could be said of virtually every single State. 
The partnership we put together has 
provided 13,000 State and local law en-forcement agencies with nearly 1.2 mil-lion bulletproof vests for their officers. When we pass it today, the Senate will move a step closer to ensuring that for the next 5 years thousands of agencies can purchase bulletproof vests for offi-cers serving in their communities. 
These are not just empty words or an 
empty gesture. It is probably the most tangible support Congress can provide to law enforcement officers. It will help put vests on the backs of more than 200,000 police officers and it will save lives. 
Just ask the chief of the Woodway, 
TX, police department, Yost Zakhary. Chief Zakhary testified at a Senate ju-diciary hearing last year. He brought 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.022 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2671 May 6, 2015 
this vest with him to the hearing. The 
officer wearing it was shot at almost pointblank range during a roadside stop. The officer lost a lot of blood—we can see it on his vest—but he did not lose his life because this vest, pur-chased through this partnership grant program, caught the bullet aimed at his heart. 
Officer Ann Carrizales of the Staf-
ford, TX, police department also testi-fied at the hearing last year. She told us that her vest—because we are now beginning to buy vests that recognize the obvious differences between male and female officers—was uniquely fitted for her body. It saved her life when she was shot twice during a rou-tine traffic stop. Her testimony was some of the most moving testimony I have heard in 40 years in the Senate. She brought with her nearly 200 letters from her daughter’s elementary school. They saw how a daughter’s mother’s life was saved, and they all called for the Senate to act. 
This bill is important to law enforce-
ment around the Nation. It is certainly important to my little State of Vermont. Vermont law enforcement agencies have received nearly 4,400 pro-tective vests from this program, and those officers throughout Vermont, as well as around the Nation, are better protected and better able to do their jobs. I am proud to share that recent recipients in Vermont include agencies in Addison County, Barre City, Barre Town, Bennington County, Berlin, Brattleboro, Burlington, Caledonia County, Chester, Dover, Essex County, Essex Junction, Franklin County, Grand Isle County, Hardwick, Hartford, Ludlow, Middlebury, Milton, Montpe-lier, Morristown, Newport, Northfield, Norwich, Orange County, Orleans County, Richmond, Rutland, Shelburne, South Burlington, Spring-field, St. Albans, St. Johnsbury, Stowe, Waterbury Village, Weathersfield, Williston, Windsor County, Windsor, and Winooski. 
It has helped to make protective 
vests standard equipment for law en-forcement agencies across the country. Yet, for far too many jurisdictions—es-pecially smaller and rural agencies such as those in Vermont—they know the vests still cost too much and wear out too soon. They actually work. 
I remember to this day a young po-
lice officer who was in and testified be-fore our Senate Judiciary Committee. He had his mother and his father, his wife and his children lined up behind him. He said to us: I love police work. The only thing I love more than that is my family. He said: There was a day when I thought I would never see my family again. Again, it was a routine traffic stop, but the man stepped out and shot him twice, pointblank. He reached under and pulled up the bullet-proof vest, and we could see the two slugs embedded in the vest. 
He said: My mother and father and 
my wife and my children came to the hospital to see me. I had cracked ribs that day, but they knew they could 
bring me home to be with them the next day. 
They are not going to save every offi-
cer, of course, but they have saved more than 3,000 law enforcement offi-cers since 1987. I have met with police officers such as the one I just de-scribed, who are alive today because of vests purchased through this program. They will tell us the program saves lives. But it is also for the members of their families, seeing them going off to work knowing they have put it on. That makes a difference. 
This bill also contains a number of 
improvements to the grant program. I want to thank Senator F
EINSTEIN for 
helping to improve the bill so that it provides incentives for agencies to pro-vide uniquely fitted vests for female of-ficers. The bill also ensures that agen-cies have mandatory-wear policies to ensure that the vests are used regu-larly. 
This is not a partisan issue. I remem-
ber walking down the street in Denver, CO, where Ben Nighthorse Campbell and I first started this. A police officer walked up to me and said: Are you P
ATRICK LEAHY of Vermont? And I said: 
Yes. He tapped his chest and said thank you and moved on. 
Senator G
RAHAM is a lead cosponsor 
of this legislation. I wish to thank Sen-ator G
RAHAM for his important efforts 
to help pass this legislation. 
I am also thankful to the law en-
forcement community. They have long spoken with a single voice on this issue. They don’t care whether we are Republicans or Democrats; they just care about this issue. 
So if we pass this bill today and move 
it to the House of Representatives, I would urge the Speaker to quickly take up the bill so the President can sign it next week as we approach Na-tional Police Week. Now is the time to honor the brave men and women of law enforcement who have lost their lives serving their communities. Let’s put real meaning behind our words and tributes. It is time to pass this bill. 
I see my friend from Oklahoma on 
the floor. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 32, S. 125; that a Lee amendment which is at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 125) to amend title I of the Omni-
bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bul-letproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other pur-poses. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request of the Senator from Vermont? 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, this 
is a great bill in many ways. There is a tremendous need. I have family mem-bers who are police officers, actually, in small, rural police forces. I have staff members who are former police officers. I understand the situation very well, how much of a difference it makes to so many people. But we have two different programs dealing with bulletproof vests, two different systems of actually distributing bulletproof vests from the Federal Government that in many ways are complementary and in some ways competing. We have two sets of applications with two dif-ferent sets of personnel to actually ap-prove those applications and two dif-ferent processes to apply. 
My goal is that where we find dupli-
cation of effort, even if it is a good ef-fort, that we as the Federal Govern-ment find ways to be able to stream-line that process. Every dollar we spend on bureaucracy here, on a dupli-cative program, is a dollar less that we actually spend to buy the bulletproof vests and be able to get them out the door. 
I have had multiple conversations 
that have been very productive with Senator L
EAHY and with Senator G RA-
HAM to talk about this particular issue 
of how we can combine the application process, how we can combine the ad-ministrative process to make sure a good program doesn’t lose dollars. We have numerous reports all over the Federal Government on duplication in government. 
I look forward to the ongoing con-
versations. I have some assurances that we will deal with some of these issues as we go through the appropria-tions process in the days ahead, so I am willing to withdraw my objection. I know that we will resolve some of these issues in the days ahead to allow us to be able to move forward. 
So with that, I withdraw my objec-
tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the bill. 
The amendment(No. 1214) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the authorization of 
appropriations) 
On page 2, line 11, strike ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
The bill (S. 125), as amended, was 
passed, as follows: 
S. 125 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bulletproof 
Vest Partnership Grant Program Reauthor-ization Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.023 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2672 May 6, 2015 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS FOR BULLETPROOF VEST PARTNERSHIP GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1001(a)(23) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)(23)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(23) There is authorized to be appro-
priated to carry out part Y, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 3. EXPIRATION OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS. 
Section 2501 of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ll) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) E
XPIRATION OF APPROPRIATED  
FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘appropriated funds’ means any amounts that are appropriated for any of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XPIRATION .—All appropriated funds 
that are not obligated on or before December 31, 2022 shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury not later than January 31, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON 2-YEAR LIMITA-
TION ON FUNDS. 
It is the sense of Congress that amounts 
made available to carry out part Y of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ll et seq.) should be made available through the end of the first fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the amounts are appropriated and should not be made available until expended. 
SEC. 5. MATCHING FUNDS LIMITATION. 
Section 2501(f) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ll(f)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON MATCHING FUNDS .—A 
State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe may not use funding received under any other Federal grant program to pay or defer the cost, in whole or in part, of the matching requirement under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 6. APPLICATION OF BULLETPROOF VEST 
PARTNERSHIP GRANT PROGRAM RE-QUIREMENTS TO ANY ARMOR VEST OR BODY ARMOR PURCHASED WITH FEDERAL GRANT FUNDS. 
Section 521 of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3766a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, a grantee that uses funds made available under this part to purchase an armor vest or body armor shall— 
‘‘(A) comply with any requirements estab-
lished for the use of grants made under part Y; 
‘‘(B) have a written policy requiring uni-
formed patrol officers to wear an armor vest or body armor; and 
‘‘(C) use the funds to purchase armor vests 
or body armor that meet any performance standards established by the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the terms ‘armor 
vest’ and ‘body armor’ have the meanings given such terms in section 2503.’’. 
SEC. 7. UNIQUELY FITTED ARMOR VESTS. 
Section 2501(c) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ll(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(3) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) provides armor vests to law enforce-
ment officers that are uniquely fitted for such officers, including vests uniquely fitted to individual female law enforcement offi-cers; or’’. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank 
all of the Senators who have cospon-sored this bill. I thank the Senator from Oklahoma for withdrawing his ob-jection. I am hoping the other body will soon take this up so that we can try to have it passed before the police meet here at the Capitol for a memo-rial to fallen police officers and we can move forward. 
This has been underfunded over the 
years, and we have not been able to fill all of the requests. We have filled a lot of them, and we have saved a lot of lives. Of course, I will be willing to work with the Senator from Oklahoma or with any other Senator on this or any other law enforcement program. But I have always considered my years in law enforcement in many ways the high point of my career. I want to make sure we approve it as soon as we can. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I rise to 
sound a note of warning about the na-tion of Iran. Consider the following facts: The Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, has accused America of lying. We learned that the Iranian re-gime has been actively arming and sup-porting the anti-American Houthi rebels in Yemen since 2009. The Iranian regime held a parade of military equip-ment that featured chants of ‘‘Death to America’’ and ‘‘Death to Israel.’’ The Iranian regime unjustly detained American citizen, Washington Post re-porter Jason Rezaian and charged him with espionage and other crimes, in-cluding ‘‘propaganda against the estab-lishment.’’ The Defense Minister of Iran declared that IAEA inspectors would be barred from all military sites, even those known to have nuclear fa-cilities. The Iranian Navy threatened a cargo ship sailing under the flag of the United States in the Strait of Hormuz. The Iranian Navy seized another cargo 
ship in the Strait of Hormuz sailing under the flag of our ally, the Marshall Islands. The Foreign Minister of Iran accused the United States and our al-lies of being the biggest danger to the international community. Great Brit-ain informed a U.N. sanctions panel that Iran has an active nuclear pro-curement network linked to two blacklisted firms. The Iranian Navy harassed a U.S. warship and military plane off the coast of Yemen. 
These are not events from 1979 or 1983 
or 1996. These are, in chronological order, the aggressive anti-American ac-tions of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the last month. Every one of those oc-curred in the last month, at least these are the ones we know of that have been covered in the media. 
This relentless drumbeat of hostility 
has gone on unabated for 36 years, and it makes the legislation before this body, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act, all the more critical. The bill’s supporters insist it is the only way to ensure that Congress has its due say over President Obama’s proposed Iran deal. 
I agree that it is of paramount im-
portance to give Congress its proper role in an international agreement of this magnitude and to make clear that President Obama must persuade Con-gress and the American people to sup-port his deal if he wants it to be bind-ing, which is why I have been sup-portive of this process so far. But I am here to tell you that as the legislation stands, this legislation is unlikely to stop a bad Iran deal. 
The problem is an all-too-familiar 
one here in Washington, DC, which is that the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act contains a provision inserted at the insistence of Senate Democrats which will allow Congress to appear to vote against the deal while tacitly al-lowing it to go into effect. The bill al-lows Congress to adopt a ‘‘resolution of disapproval’’ of President Obama’s Iran deal. On the surface that sounds rea-sonable. 
From what we know publicly of the 
deal, I certainly disapprove of it strongly. But a resolution of dis-approval under this legislation, even if it passed a 60-vote threshold, with grand claims of bipartisanship, would not be the end of the matter. 
The President would certainly veto 
it. Once he did, it would require 67 votes in the Senate and 290 votes in the House to override that veto. No wonder the White House has lifted its objection to this legislation. All the President would have to do to force a bad Iran deal on America is hold 34 Senators in the Democratic Party or 145 Members of Congress. 
If he could do that, a bad deal that 
undermines the national security of this country, that endangers our friend and ally, the nation of Israel, would go into effect. He could claim he was sim-ply following the process Congress re-quired. That is not an oversight. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.034 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2673 May 6, 2015 
is not an accident. This bill, as drafted, 
will provide some political cover to Senate Democrats to say they have voted to provide strict scrutiny and congressional approval of an Iran deal. 
Yet, as currently drafted, it is a vir-
tual certainty that no matter how ter-rible this deal is, it will go into effect and this legislation is unlikely to stop it. Our first priority should be stopping a bad Iran deal that jeopardizes the lives of millions of Americans and mil-lions of our allies. There is nothing more important this body can consider, not trade, not the budget. There is nothing more important. 
The first responsibility of this body 
is to protect the national security of this country, to protect the lives and safety of men, women, and children across this country. The President’s Iran deal deeply jeopardizes the safety of Americans. From what we know publicly—and the details are still shrouded in considerable secrecy—but from what we know publicly, under this deal, Iran will be allowed to keep its enriched uranium. It will be allowed to keep its centrifuges and reactors. It will continue its ICBM Program, the only purpose of which is to deliver a nuclear weapon to the United States of America. 
Tehran will receive even more eco-
nomic relief, reportedly including a $50 billion signing bonus. Who in their right mind would give a $50 billion signing bonus to Iran? It is worth not-ing that even under one of the strictest regimes of international sanctions, Iran was still able to marshall the re-sources to become one of the world’s leading state sponsors of terrorism. We can only imagine what Iran will do with this new source of funding, which will certainly flow to Hamas, to Hezbollah, and to the Houthis, as well as to their proxies in Latin America. 
I would note, if this deal goes into ef-
fect, and tens or hundreds of billions of dollars flow into Iran, including a $50 billion signing bonus, and that money is given directly to radical Islamic ter-rorists, the blood of the men and women and children who will be mur-dered by those terrorists will be di-rectly on the hands of this administra-tion. If we allow tens and hundreds of billions of dollars to flow into the hands of terrorists, it places complicity for that terrorism on this administra-tion. 
There is no topic more serious this 
body could consider than preventing the murder of Americans. The Iranians’ behavior speaks for itself. They are, right now today, unlawfully impris-oning multiple American citizens— Pastor Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, as well as Jason Rezaian—under brutal conditions. They are withholding infor-mation on the whereabouts of Robert Levinson. 
They have killed Americans across 
the globe and they have plotted to kill us here at home. They are explicitly threatening to wipe our ally, the na-tion of Israel, off the map. Indeed, in the midst of this negotiation, the sen-
ior Iranian general said: The annihila-tion of Israel is ‘‘non-negotiable’’. Given that, there is no way on Earth we should be allowing billions of dol-lars to flow into a radical terrorist or-ganization that has declared its object destroying Israel, which they call the ‘‘Little Satan,’’ and ultimately de-stroying America, which they call us the ‘‘Great Satan.’’ They are telling us they want to kill us, not 10 years ago or 20 years ago—they are telling us this right now. If history teaches any prin-ciple with abundant clarity, it is that if somebody tells you they want to kill you, believe them. They are not being subtle. Those are the people the Obama administration are putting on a path to having nuclear weaponry, the most fearsome weaponry known to man. Make no mistake. That is what this deal would do unless Congress steps in to stop it—not to have a show vote, not to pretend to disapprove but to actu-ally stop a bad deal that jeopardizes our safety. 
To see how this scenario is likely to 
play out, we do not have to speculate. We need to look no further than to the recent history of North Korea. In Octo-ber 1994, the Clinton administration reached another agreed framework with North Korea over that nation’s nuclear program. Then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright insisted she had gotten a deal that would freeze the military components of the program and, through economic incentives and diplomatic outreach, entice the hermit kingdom to join the international com-munity and reject their pursuit of nu-clear weapons. 
At first, all seemed to go well as 
North Korea eagerly accepted the in-flux of hard currency, as well as the promised civilian nuclear reactors. Secretary Albright, accompanied by then-Policy Coordinator for North Korea Wendy Sherman, even visited North Korea in 2000 to celebrate the progress. Despite all of the diplomatic initiatives, despite all of the cham-pagne toasts, the North Koreans were cheating, we now know, they were cheating on the framework from the get-go. 
When the George W. Bush adminis-
tration figured it out, economic sanc-tions were reimposed. But they had no effect, neither did yet more additional rounds of negotiations while they con-tinued and continued and continued to enrich. 
Kim Jong-il had gotten the resources 
he needed because the Clinton adminis-tration relaxed sanctions and allowed billions of dollars to flow into his hands. In 2006, North Korea tested its first nuclear weapon—two more tests to follow. 
In 2012, when Kim Jong Un came to 
power, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton suggested that Kim Jong Un might be a transformative leader. The State Department reportedly assured the President that he would be more concerned with economic improve-ments than with his inherited nuclear 
program. In less than 2 years, this, too, was proven wrong. Kim Jong Un has demonstrated no interest in reform. He has, instead, resolutely pursued his fa-ther’s policy. Just last week, we learned from the Chinese that North Korea is well on its way to having some 40 nuclear weapons by 2016, as their ability to enrich uranium is sig-nificantly more sophisticated than had been believed. 
In addition, they are hard at work at 
their ICBM Program and may soon be able not only to threaten our regional allies but also to strike the west coast of the United States. With so many weapons in their arsenal, it seems only logical that this rogue regime may, in turn, offer some of those weapons for sale to the highest bidder. 
All of this proves the fallacy of the 
Clinton administration’s repeated basic assumption; that the North Kore-ans would act in their best interests economically, for which, for Albright and Sherman, meant reaching a diplo-matic agreement to achieve economic relief. Unfortunately, they were dead wrong. The result is the United States faces an escalating strategic threat in the Pacific. 
We are now in grave danger of his-
tory repeating itself with Iran. Wendy Sherman, the very same person who negotiated the failed North Korea deal, the Obama administration brought her back from the Clinton administration to be our lead negotiator with Iran. Think about that. The person who led the failed North Korea talks, the talks that led to North Korea getting nu-clear weapons, is President Obama’s lead negotiator with Iran, and her ne-gotiations will certainly lead to the same outcome. 
Indeed, when Secretary Clinton 
brought Wendy Sherman back, Wendy Sherman promptly followed the exact same playbook for the negotiations that she had followed under the Clin-ton administration with respect to North Korea. You know, Albert Ein-stein famously said: ‘‘The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.’’ If we negotiate the same failed deal, we will get the same failed outcome. 
Iran has already enjoyed significant 
economic relief and legitimization on the international stage, while Amer-ica’s demands have dwindled from dis-mantling Iran’s nuclear program to now merely curbing it around the edges temporarily and unverifiably. It may only be a matter of time before Sec-retary John Kerry, no doubt accom-panied by Under Secretary Wendy Sherman, pays a courtesy call on Tehran to echo history and to show the world how ‘‘civilized’’ the whole ar-rangement is and only a matter of time until the Iranians cheat—just like the North Koreans—their way to a bomb. 
Yet the grim reality is that, as bad 
as the situation is with North Korea, with Iran it is qualitatively worse. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.025 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2674 May 6, 2015 
Kim dynasty are brutal, 
megalomaniacal dictators, but they do seem to be motivated, at least to some extent, by self-preservation, and so to some form, there is at least a possi-bility of rational deterrence. And therein lies the fundamental difference with Iran. 
The mullahs in Tehran are radical, 
Islamist zealots, for whom the eradi-cation of the little Satan, Israel, and the great Satan, America, is a solemn religious duty. And with radical reli-gious zealots, ordinary cost-benefit analysis doesn’t apply the same way. With zealots who glorify death and sui-cide, deterrence doesn’t work the way it works elsewhere. 
‘‘Death to America’’ is not just a slo-
gan; it is a religious promise. 
The risk that the Ayatolla will use 
the economic windfall of billions of dollars, courtesy of the United States, to pursue nuclear weapons that he would either use himself or give to ter-rorist surrogates to use is intolerably high. 
The consequences of this deal could 
very well be an Iranian nuclear weapon used in the skies of Tel Aviv, New York or Los Angeles. The consequence of this deal could very well be millions of Americans murdered. There is no more serious topic we could be addressing. 
Now, President Obama and his two 
Secretaries of State have had their chance to negotiate with Iran, and they have squandered it on the same approach that was so spectacularly un-successful with North Korea. They changed very little. They just replayed the same failed plan. 
Once again, assuming they can rea-
son with a rogue regime, they are on the verge of sealing a deal that could result in the most significant threat to our Nation in the 21st century. 
The administration’s claim that 
Tehran will not use their economic windfall to pursue a nuclear program 
or to support terrorism and that if they do, ‘‘snapback’’ sanctions will fix the problem are hardly reassuring, espe-cially, as we know from the example of North Korea that the opposite result is far more likely. Having gotten what they wanted, the mullahs will string out the economic benefits for as long as they want and then, when they are ready, test a nuclear bomb. 
The Iranians know perfectly well 
what a very good deal this is for them. And they are doing what they can to prevent Congress from disrupting it. 
In March, I was proud to join with 46 
of my colleagues in signing a letter written by Senator T
OMCOTTON of Ar-
kansas that explained the constitu-tional role of the Senate in approving a treaty—or of both Houses of Congress— passing legislation into law, for any deal to be binding on the United States of America. 
Judging from their reaction, Tehran 
does not appreciate our free system of government. Foreign Minister Moham-med Zarif responded that: 
The authors [of the letter] may not fully 
understand that in international law, gov-ernments represent the entirety of their re-
spective states, are responsible for the con-duct of foreign affairs, are required to fulfill the obligations they undertake with other states and may not invoke their internal law as justification for failure to perform their international obligations. 
Speaking last week to an audience at 
NYU, Mr. Zarif reiterated his opinion that as a matter of international law, President Obama would have to abide by the dictates of whatever deal is struck and that Congress is powerless to stop it. 
He also said that he ‘‘does not deal 
with Congress.’’ As a matter of U.S. law, Mr. Zarif is wrong. It is true that in the nation of Iran, when you have a supreme leader, an ayatolla, with the ability to string you up or shoot you if you disagree, the word of the Supreme Leader is binding. But we have no su-preme leader in the United States of America. 
We are bound by a Constitution and 
rule of law that keeps sovereignty in we the people. If Mr. Zarif wants a sanctions agreement, the only way to make that binding is to deal with Con-gress pursuant to the Constitution of the United States. But if we pass the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act as it stands right now, he won’t have to. 
It is time to tell the American people 
the truth—enough games. This legisla-tion is not a victory of Congress. This legislation, at best, will slow down, slightly, a terrible deal from being put into place. That is the very best out-come—a slight delay in the President’s putting into effect a terrible deal that jeopardizes American security. 
It is not a guarantee that President 
Obama will have to submit this deal and honor the will of Congress. In fact, it provides a back-door path for a mi-nority in Congress, one-third of Con-gress, to ensure that the deal goes into effect over the bipartisan will of the majority. And even worse, the Presi-dent will be able to claim that he satis-fied the terms that Congress itself set. 
That is hardly the message we want 
to send on Iran’s nuclear program. And this issue is far too important to pass a bad bill simply to send a message. By prioritizing bipartisan compromise over our national security, we are en-dangering the safety and lives of Amer-icans across this country. 
Now, I will note there is a silver lin-
ing. In 20 months, Mr. Obama will no longer occupy the Oval Office. 
In January of 2017, when a new Presi-
dent enters the White House, he or she will have full authority to rescind any international agreement with Iran that has not been ratified by the Senate or passed into law by both Houses of Con-gress. 
Any man or woman who is fit to be 
Commander in Chief of the United States of America should be prepared to rescind a bad deal with Iran on day one. No President of the United States should jeopardize the lives of millions of Americans or millions of our allies. 
Congress could act right now to stop 
a bad deal. We could come together and assert our constitutional role, and we 
can do so through a very simple mecha-nism. Right now, the current bill pro-vides that if Congress doesn’t override President Obama’s veto, a terrible Iran deal goes into effect. 
I have joined with Senator P
AT 
TOOMEY of Pennsylvania in filing an 
amendment that simply reverses that default, which simply says: The Presi-dent cannot lift sanctions on Iran un-less the deal is affirmatively approved by Congress. That is the constitutional structure. 
That ought to be a provision sup-
ported—not by 51 Senators or even 60 Senators or even 67 Senators—by all 100 Senators. 
What a strange development in our 
modern polity that the Congress of the United States is content to effectively neuter itself. 
The Presiding Officer and I are both 
Members of the Republican Party. I feel quite confident that if a Repub-lican President were in office, we would not be content to give up the constitu-tional authority and responsibility that is given to this body to ratify treaties or to pass law. And yet I am sorry to say, on the Democratic side of the aisle, our friends are perfectly con-tent to forfeit their constitutional au-thority to the President. 
If this deal is a good deal on the sub-
stance—it most assuredly is not, but if it is—the President should be able to get congressional approval. 
Yet the reason that Senate Demo-
crats are terrified of requiring congres-sional approval is they know full well you cannot defend a deal that allows Iran to keep tens of thousands of cen-trifuges, to keep enriched uranium, to keep developing their ICBM program, to keep remaining the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, and to keep working to annihilate the nation of Israel. That is not defensible on the merits. 
One simple change would turn this 
legislation into something meaningful. One simple change that would say: The President is free to negotiate any deal he likes, but before it goes into effect, bring it to Congress and get the affirm-ative agreement of Congress. Don’t have a fig-leaf vote and let the Presi-dent’s bad deal go into effect. That un-dermines our national security. Have a meaningful vote that requires the af-firmative approval of Congress. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt the 
Cruz-Toomey amendment, which is a commonsense fix that will give this bill real teeth by removing the resolu-tion of disapproval and, instead, would 
allow an Iran deal to go into effect only if Congress approves it. In the spirit of this legislation, it is purely procedural, and so it is germane to this bill. 
Yet Senate Democrats have blocked 
a vote on it. They have refused even to vote on this amendment. All this amendment does is ensure that the burden is on President Obama to per-suade Congress and the American peo-ple that the deal is a good one or, at a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.027 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2675 May 6, 2015 
very minimum, is not a terrible threat 
to the national security of the United States of America. 
This should be something on which 
we come together—not as Republicans, not as Democrats, but as Senators who have a responsibility to protect our constituents, to protect the American people, and to defend the Constitution. We should come together with one voice and say: We will not allow a bad Iran deal that ensures that Iran will acquire nuclear weapons that could be used to murder millions of Americans or millions of our allies. 
This should be unanimous. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —AMENDMENT  
NO. 1152 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that when the Senate resumes consideration of H.R. 1191, that I be al-lowed to offer my amendment No. 1152. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
Is there objection? 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, first I 
thank my friend from Texas. He and I share the same goal, and that is to pre-vent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapon State. 
There are three basic problems with 
my friend’s amendment, if it were to be adopted. 
One, it would either defeat the bill— 
which is very possible, because it changes the fundamentals of this bill. We are looking at reviewing an agree-ment that does not require consent, be-cause Congress may, in fact, decide it does not want to take up this issue. That is one of the options. 
Second, if it were adopted, it could 
very well affect our ability to nego-tiate with Iran. They may say: Gee, we have to negotiate with the President, and then we have to negotiate with the Congress. 
And our negotiating partners, who 
don’t have those circumstances, might very well say: That is the end of nego-tiations. 
Then the United States is blamed, 
and we are isolated as the country that prevented a diplomatic solution to this very difficult problem. 
Or, third, it puts our negotiators in a 
tough position because they don’t have a united position. Therefore, we won’t negotiate, and we won’t have the strength to negotiate the strongest possible deal. 
And for my friend who says it is just 
simple for Congress to pass a bill in order to implement this, we have been on this bill for 2 weeks. It came out of the committee 19 to 0, and I don’t yet see an end in sight. So at the same time, this bill prevents the President from exercising his waiver authority under the sanctions regime while Con-gress is reviewing it. 
So, in effect, delay tactics could be 
used by a minority to prevent the agreement from being considered on the floor of the Senate. So for all those reasons the well-in-
tended amendment would have, I think it could have the reverse effect. But, from a procedural point of view, as I have explained earlier, we have been working to try to get amendments up. 
For all those reasons, I do object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am a 
little confused about our scheduling. I know I was supposed to be speaking at 5:05 p.m. We do want to get back to where we are going back and forth. 
I know my good friend from Ohio 
wishes to be recognized next for a short period of time. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that he be recognized now and that he be followed by my good friend from Delaware to be recognized for his time, and then I be recognized at the end of his remarks for such time as I would consume as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas still has the floor. 
Is there objection to the request? Mr. INHOFE. I am sorry about that. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I will wrap 
up momentarily and then will be happy to yield to my friend from Oklahoma for his very reasonable time allocation suggestion. 
I would note that the Senator from 
Maryland suggested the problem of Congress affirmatively approving this is that it could be subject to delay; that Congress might not take it up. I would note for my friend from Mary-land that I would certainly be ame-nable to a friendly amendment to my amendment that required expedited consideration of an Iran deal without the ability to filibuster but with the requirement that it receive the affirm-ative approval of both Houses of Con-gress. 
So the specific problems my friend 
from Maryland suggested could be avoided. We could put in a short but expedited time period, if necessary, but what is critical, I would suggest, is that Congress has to ultimately ap-prove this; that we take responsibility. If the deal is a good one, then the ma-jority of Congress should support it. If it is not a good one, then it will not re-ceive the approval of the majority of Congress. 
So I would ask my friend from Mary-
land if that would be a friendly amend-ment that he would be open to in reaching a compromise. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. I appreciate the friend-
liness of my friend from Texas, but I must tell him we have this bill bal-anced. There is an expedited process in regard to Congress taking action if there is a violation of the agreement by Iran. We do have an expedited proc-ess in the bill currently before us so that we can snap back sanctions quick-ly, and Congress receives not only cer-tification but notices from the admin-istration as to whether there are mate-rial breaches. So we already have that 
process in the bill to deal with any vio-lation of any agreement. 
The balance here is that Congress 
does not know what process it uses: We impose the sanctions. We might want to take up modifications to the sanc-tions. We may want to take up an ap-proval resolution. We may want to take up a disapproval resolution. We might want to take up something to-tally different with Iran. Those are our options. So it would be difficult now to predict an expedited process when we don’t know what the action of the Con-gress is going to be in regard to the agreement being submitted by the President of the United States. 
So even though it is a very friendly 
suggestion, I can’t take the Senator up on it. 
Mr. CRUZ. I would note, Mr. Presi-
dent, the result of this amendment not being taken up is that Congress is ab-rogating our authority and responsi-bility to approve this deal. Because of the result of this bill as drafted, we can look in a crystal ball and know exactly what is going to happen. In a couple of months, the administration will come forward with the details of its terrible deal with Iran. This summer we are going to have debates in this body. A resolution of disapproval will be intro-duced, and it will not get 67 votes in this body. There will be enough Mem-bers of the President’s own party who will stand with him no matter how ter-rible the deal is for our national secu-rity. 
Right now, with this legislation, the 
bad deal will go into effect—a deal that has the potential to result in the mur-der of millions of Americans. There are very few topics we address that come anywhere close to the gravity of this topic, and it is disappointing to see Democratic Senators putting partisan politics above our national security. We should stand together to protect America. 
The next 20 months are going to be 
very dangerous in this Nation. Yet I am encouraged that in 20 months America is going to embark on a dif-ferent path. America is going to return to defending our Nation and defending our Constitution and defending the men and women across this country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, before I 
propound my unanimous consent re-quest, let me just applaud my friend from Texas. 
I had a hard time believing it when 
they said they were going to be negoti-ating with a terrorist, they were going to negotiate with Iran. Have these peo-ple forgotten our unclassified intel-ligence way back in 2007 said that by 2015 Iran was expected to have a weap-on and a delivery system that could ac-tually reach the United States of America? Here it is—what year is it, 2015—and they are talking about nego-tiating. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.027 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2676 May 6, 2015 
I happened to be out on the USS Carl 
Vinson during this negotiation just a 
couple of weeks ago, and at the same time we were out there, Iran was send-ing to Yemen the different weapons, and our sister ship, the USS Roosevelt , 
had to go down and turn them around. At the same time that they are negoti-ating with Iran, we had Putin sending down to Iran the S–300 rocket. That S– 300 rocket—and it is not even classi-fied—it can go up and kill something 98,000 feet above the ground. Yet here we have Israel and the United States, and if the time would come that we would want to take out some of the nu-clear activity in Iran, our proven enemy, we would perhaps be unable to do that. 
So I do applaud my friend for bring-
ing this up. Not many people are talk-ing about this. I remember so well, though it has been several years ago now, when President Bush was first elected and he talked about the triad, those dangers, and he put at the top of that Iran. How much do they have to do before we realize that is the greatest threat facing America today. 
With that, I ask unanimous con-
sent—to straighten out the confusion in the order of things—that my friend from Ohio be recognized for a short presentation; after that, my friend from Delaware would be recognized; and that I be recognized at the conclu-sion of the remarks of my friend from Delaware for such time as I shall use. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
IRAN AND FEDERAL PERMITTING REFORM  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate the opportunity to speak on a couple of issues, one with regard to Iran. I would just make one point that I think is pretty obvious to most Mem-bers on this floor, which is that these sanctions really matter. In other words, regardless of what we end up doing with regard to the Iranian nu-clear agreement—and I am very con-cerned about what I see in the frame-work agreement—we have to be very careful about relieving sanctions be-cause Iran is the No. 1 state sponsor of terrorism in the world. That is based on our own State Department. 
With us providing them sanctions re-
lief, it frees up resources that they can then use for some of their terrorist ac-tivity in the Mideast and really around the globe. 
I returned from Israel a couple days 
ago and got some great briefings that were very troubling about what is hap-pening with regard to Iran’s support of Hezbollah—additional and more sophis-ticated missiles with guidance sys-tems—and what is happening even with the other groups in the region, includ-ing a Sunni group, Hamas, in providing rockets there, and certainly what they are doing in Syria and what they are doing today in Yemen and even in Libya. 
So this is not just about the nuclear 
arms agreement, if that, in fact, does come to some conclusion. It is about a 
broader issue, about ensuring that we do not provide this funding for Iran to continue its aggression in the Middle East and around the globe. 
I want to speak about something 
closer to home, and I appreciate my colleague from Oklahoma giving me a chance to talk briefly. This is about a piece of legislation that actually passed a committee today that helps create jobs and helps to encourage more construction projects and would make a huge difference in getting peo-ple back to work. 
I will say I am glad Senator C
ARPER  
is on the floor because I want to talk about him too. He was part of this project. We have worked on this the last few years. Senator C
LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL of Missouri is my cosponsor, but 
today in the committee, with the help of chairman R
ONJOHNSON and Ranking 
Member C ARPER on the floor today, we 
were able to get people working to-gether to move this permitting reform bill forward. 
This is about regulatory reform. It is 
about ensuring we streamline to make our system work better. But ulti-mately it is about jobs. That is why both the business community and the labor unions representing the building trades—the AFL–CIO Building Trades Council supported this legislation today. They want to see people get back to work, and so do I. 
If we look at what has happened over 
the past year, our economic growth has been anemic. Even in the first quarter of this year, we find just 0.2 percent growth is now the number out there. Employment numbers from last month were disappointing. We need to give this economy a shot in the arm, and this will help do it. 
Unfortunately, what we have now is a 
permitting process that is full of uncer-tainty, unpredictability, it is out of date, it hinders investment, it stifles growth, and keeps jobs from being cre-ated at a time when too many Ameri-cans, particularly in the construction trades, are looking for work. 
This is a real problem in getting in-
vestment in America too. There is a World Bank study done every year about how countries line up in terms of their ability to get things done, the ease of doing business. With regard to green-lighting a project, permitting, the United States of America now stands No. 41 in the world—41. That is unacceptable. That means that capital is going elsewhere, and one reason is because of the delays; one reason is be-cause of the liability risk; one reason is because people are worried if they put capital here, it is not going to be able to come to fruition quickly enough be-cause of our permitting system. So this is about not just global rankings but helping Americans go back to work. 
I learned about this first when con-
stituents came to me; that with regard to Federal permitting, particularly on energy projects, sometimes there are as many as 35 different Federal per-mits, we are told. American Municipal 
Power came to me. They were trying to put together a hydro plant on the Ohio River—something we should all be for—and it was taking too much time. They were losing investors. 
Folks came to me from Wellsville, 
OH. They wanted to put together a $6 billion synthetic fuels plant there. It was a coal-to-liquid plant that would convert coal into clean diesel and jet fuel that would create jobs, employing up to 2,500 workers just to build it. Un-fortunately, permitting delays and law-suits interfered with the project and the plant was never constructed. We need that in Ohio. It would have been a win-win for us. 
So this is an urgent issue we should 
address, and this is just a couple of ex-amples of it. The bottom line is it is not unheard of for some projects to have dozens of different Federal per-mits. So this will help. 
This bill does a few things. One, it 
does strengthen coordination and dead-line setting. It creates an interagency council that identifies best practices, deadlines for reviews and approvals of important infrastructure projects, strengthens cooperation between State and local permitting authorities to avoid the duplication we see too often now in trying to get a permit to build something. 
The bill also facilitates greater 
transparency, more public participa-tion, with the creation of an online dashboard so you know where a project is to see who is holding this thing up and how to get it moving. The bill re-quires agencies to accept comments from stakeholders early in the ap-proval process, with the goal of identi-fying public policy concerns early on so it doesn’t end up stopping the project. 
Finally, the bill institutes some very 
sensible litigation reforms. Again, I thank my colleague from Delaware be-cause he helped us to work through this. This reduces the statute of limita-tions on lawsuits, challenging permit-ting decisions from 6 years, where it is now, down to 2 years. 
This is legislation that can unite 
both our parties. It is something that will help to get the economy going. It is something the President’s own jobs council has called for. It is something that also the business groups have called for, including the Chamber of Commerce and the Business Round-table. Again, it is commonsense reform where we were able to bring together groups that normally don’t see eye to eye, including the labor unions. 
Here is a quote today from Sean 
McGarvey, president of North Amer-ica’s Building Trades Unions. He said: 
If there was ever an issue that could be 
considered a no-brainer for Congress, the Federal Permitting Improvement Act is it. . . . Any way you slice it, this is a jobs bill, and it is critically important to the eco-nomic interests of the skilled craft construc-tion professionals I represent. 
I agree with Sean. This is a bill that 
makes sense. It is one all Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.031 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2677 May 6, 2015 
can agree on. We need to be committed 
to these serious reforms and get them done. This is going to help turn our economy around, help bring back some of these good-paying jobs, and it is an area where we can find common ground. 
Again, I thank Senator M
CCASKILL  
for her partnership over the last 3 years on this. I thank the members of our committee for voting for it today. Again, to the chairman and ranking member, including Senator C
ARPER , 
who is on the floor today, thank you for moving this through the com-mittee. Now let’s get it to the floor. 
We had a strong vote today. I think 
the final vote was 12 to 1. Let’s get this to the floor and actually get it done, have a vote on this legislation, get it through the House, get it to the Presi-dent for his signature, and start to bring back these jobs and start to build these projects right here in the United States of America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Ohio for his kind words, and to him and our colleague, Senator M
CCASKILL from Missouri, for 
their persistence and leadership on an important issue. 
I oftentimes describe myself on this 
floor as a recovering Governor and one who focuses on how to create a more nurturing environment for job creation and job preservation. There are a lot of attributes—access to capital, infra-structure—which Senator I
NHOFE leads 
us on every day. Another one is a rea-sonable tax burden. Another is com-monsense regulation. 
My dad always used to say: Use some 
common sense. And I think, with the legislation we moved out of committee, and hopefully through this Senate Chamber, that will show a lot of com-mon sense and provide a more nur-turing environment. 
So I thank Senator I
NHOFE . 
PUBLIC SERVICE RECOGNITION WEEK  
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH ‘‘BETH ’’ LESKI AND  
CAROL RICHEL  
Mr. President, I rise today to recog-
nize the efforts of the men and women who serve their neighbors every day as Federal, State, county, and municipal workers. 
In 1985, the Public Service Round-
table, with support from Congress, started the very first Public Service Recognition Week to honor the hard work of public employees on our behalf and the sacrifices they often make in doing so. Since then, the first week of May has been officially designated by Congress as Public Service Recognition Week. This week is the 30th anniver-sary, and I think a perfect opportunity for each of us to show our appreciation to the millions of public servants in our communities and across the coun-try. 
Over the past several months, I have 
been coming to the Senate floor, as my colleagues know, to highlight the im-portant work being done by public em-
ployees at the Department of Home-land Security, in particular. 
Over 200,000 men and women work at 
the Department of Homeland Security. While their jobs are diverse, they share one common mission; that is, to keep our country a safe, secure, and resil-ient place where the American way of life can thrive. Whether they are pa-trolling our borders, responding to nat-ural disasters or bolstering our de-fenses in cyber space, these public serv-ants touch the lives of Americans every day. 
Today, I rise to recognize two more 
outstanding public servants at DHS, this time from the Transportation Se-curity Administration, which we call TSA. 
As we may recall, TSA was estab-
lished after the devastating September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks with the mis-sion to better protect our Nation’s transportation systems. Today, TSA employs some 47,000 transportation se-curity officers at over 440 airports na-tionwide. Each year, those officers screen about 660 million travelers and nearly 1.5 billion bags. 
TSA is also the lead agency in secur-
ing our surface transportation net-works, including our roads, bridges, tunnels, railroads, and maritime ports. For anyone who has ever taken a flight, chances are they have seen the men and women of TSA in action. If they haven’t seen them, they certainly enjoyed the benefit of the important work they often do behind the scenes to keep us safe. 
I would like to take a moment today 
to recognize one of those TSA employ-ees who is keeping our skies safer. Her name is Elizabeth ‘‘Beth’’ Leski. 
Beth is one of those TSA employees 
who are usually out of sight but whose work, nonetheless, is vital. She is a Se-cure Flight Program analyst in the TSA Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. Originally from Michigan, she has lived in Severn, MD, for the last two decades with her husband David. After graduating with a B.S. in aviation management, Beth worked in the air-line industry for 21 years before joining the Secure Flight Program. 
Over the past 4 years, Beth has 
worked at TSA as a customer service agent, customer service supervisor, and now as a program analyst at the Se-cure Flight Operations Center. 
Here she is in a picture, between Sec-
retary of the Department of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson and Deputy Sec-retary Mayorkas. 
As I said, over the past 4 years, Beth 
has worked in different roles at the Se-cure Flight Operations Center. Secure Flight is a program that enhances aviation security by running the names of passengers against the government’s watch list of known or suspected ter-rorists. In other words, Beth helps to keep bad people off of planes by ensur-ing that those who receive boarding passes are not on our government’s list of individuals prohibited from flying. According to her colleagues, Beth 
works tirelessly to synchronize all the moving parts at her operations center. They say that Beth always goes above and beyond the call of duty. She strives to make life easier for fellow analysts, developing checklists, spreadsheets, and calendar invitations to keep indi-viduals accountable and organized. Her colleague James Billups says that Beth ‘‘inspires everyone around her, and truly brings the best out of people.’’ I can see why. 
In addition to her positive energy in 
the workplace, she has been widely rec-ognized at TSA and the Department for always lending a helping hand at em-ployee morale events. She is also known for welcoming new recruits to the national capital region with a unique ‘‘Welcome Aboard’’ package. It is actions such as these that show that Beth has truly embodied TSA’s core value of team spirit. 
In 2014, Beth received the Secretary’s 
Award for her steadfast and out-standing assistance to the entire team in the Secure Flight Operations Center. 
When she is not securing our skies, 
Beth likes to run and travel the world—pursuits she and I actually share in common. We have another very important thing in common—the U.S. Navy. Beth is a retired yeoman chief petty officer with 21 years of serv-ice with the U.S. Navy Reserve. I re-tired as a captain and spent a couple of years in an airplane with the Navy around the world, and my dad was a chief in the Navy, as well. But on be-half of the Senate—and, really, on be-half of all Americans—Beth, I just want to thank you. We thank you for your exemplary service to our country. 
I wish to take a couple more minutes 
to recognize the service and sacrifice of another TSA employee. Her name is Carol Richel. 
As we can see, even though TSA is 
often the target of criticism and frus-tration, their mission at the end of the day is to save lives—our lives. Carol re-minded us of this mission just a couple of months ago when a man wielding a machete attacked her and her col-leagues at the Louis Armstrong Air-port in New Orleans. 
A native of St. Ignace, MI, Carol has 
worked as a TSA officer at the New Or-leans airport since October 2003 and has been a TSA supervisory officer since October 2005. She is known by her col-leagues to step up on a moment’s no-tice. This latest incident was no excep-tion. As many of us may remember from the news stories, in March, a de-ranged man began to attack a number of TSA agents at a security checkpoint at the New Orleans airport. The man sprayed insect repellent in the face of an officer, pulled a machete from the waistband of his pants, and began swinging the weapon in the direction of other TSA officers. Watching from her post, Carol yelled at the passengers in the area to run. 
But her warning also attracted the 
attention of the attacker, and at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.032 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2678 May 6, 2015 
moment, he started to run toward 
Carol. As the man got closer to her, Lieutenant Heather Sylve of the Jeffer-son Parish Sheriff’s Office began firing at him. Lieutenant Sylve shot the as-sailant three times, wounding and in-capacitating him on site. He later died as a result of those wounds. 
Unfortunately, one of those shots 
also hit Carol in the arm. Injured but undeterred, she reported to her post the very next day, ready to work—not the next week, not the next month, the next day. 
When asked about her work, by the 
St. Ignace News, she said: 
I enjoy my job, and I feel that what we do 
is a necessary thing. . . . This is an example of why it’s necessary. 
According to her colleagues, Carol is 
known for her hard work, her dedica-tion to TSA’s mission, and her sincere interest in the well-being of the entire team. 
Our colleague from Oklahoma will 
enjoy this. When she is not at work, Carol enjoys caring for her animals and dedicating herself to Bible studies. 
Carol’s bravery and commitment to 
her colleagues and the public she serves truly exemplify TSA’s core val-ues of integrity, innovation, and team spirit. 
To Beth and Carol, let me say this. 
Every day you go to work, we want you to know that you help to ensure the safety of your fellow Americans and the security of our transportation sys-tem, which serves us all. We are grate-ful for that. Thank you both for your tireless dedication and your invaluable service to our Nation and its people. 
And to all of the public servants 
across this country and beyond our borders who give us 110 percent every day, let me close by saying that I want you to know that what you do every day is important to me and to all of my colleagues with whom I am privileged to serve here in this body. We hope your work and your service fills your life with meaning and with happiness. On behalf of the people that we serve together, thank you for what you do. May God continue to bless each of you and this country we love. 
I yield the floor, and thank my col-
league from Oklahoma for his kind-ness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I say to 
my friend from Delaware, I appreciate his remarks. It is seldom people will thank people for the time and effort they spend and the successes they have. 
Even though he is located so close to 
Washington that he is not exposed as much as I am—twice a week—I actu-ally learn personally to know these people. I feel the commitment they make. Certainly in Tulsa, Dallas, and here are the ones whom I know well. So I appreciate the fact that the Senator is paying attention to them. That means a lot. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, since 2002, I have come 
to the floor to talk, after we discovered the truth about the whole global warm-ing thing and who is behind it and all this stuff. I don’t want to say anything that would be interpreted as not re-spectful, but I can remember back in 2002, it was a difficult thing to tell the truth about this to the American peo-ple because at that time most of the American people felt that—yes, they bought into this idea that the world is coming to an end, and it is all man-made gases that are causing this. So it was difficult. 
The Gallup poll of 2002 said at that 
time that, of all the environmental concerns, No. 1 was global warming. Now, that is not true today. Today, it is almost dead last. Last March, there was a poll that came out from Gallup, and it was next to the last. It was down from some 20 different environmental concerns. 
So the people have realized that this 
largest tax increase in the history of America, if it were to take place, is not going to solve a problem—a problem that really doesn’t exist to the extent it has been represented. Today, they are still debating this. 
I want to bring people up to date on 
where we are now—the fact that cli-mate change is not based on hard evi-dence and observation, but rather on a set of wishful beliefs, a well-scripted dialogue with which President Obama and the environmental alarmists are intending to scare the American people into accepting this thing that would be so devastating economically to Amer-ica. 
The other day a good friend of mine, 
L
AMAR SMITH from the House—I like 
LAMAR . He and I were elected actually 
the same day many years ago. L AMAR  
is the chairman of the committee that has a lot of this jurisdiction, and he published an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal that was entitled, ‘‘The Cli-mate-Change Religion.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that this arti-cle be printed in the R
ECORD at the 
conclusion of my remarks. 
I thank L AMAR SMITH for his contin-
ued leadership and support on this issue. As L
AMAR highlights in the op- 
ed, the debate about global warming is predicated more on ‘‘scare tactics than on fact based determinations.’’ 
Global warming alarmism has 
evolved into a religion where one is ei-ther an alarmist or a skeptic. Some people are not aware of those two terms. Someone who has bought into this ‘‘the world is coming to an end’’— they are the alarmists. People who do not believe that, as myself, are skep-tics. And being a skeptic is akin to her-esy of the highest order. Good policy has to be based on good science, not on religion, and that requires science free from bias, whatever its conclusions may be. 
The modern-day religion of climate 
change has been very artful in estab-lishing and controlling carefully scripted talking points intended to 
scare the American people under the guise of environmental protectionism. 
There are three main tenets of cli-
mate change alarmism that can be found in any related speech, which we heard the President recite during his recent Earth Day speech. Those three tenets are: No. 1, climate change is human caused. No. 2, climate change is already wreaking havoc across the globe. And No. 3, we must act today— 
now—before terrible things happen— the world coming to an end. 
These three main tenets of climate 
change can be found on just about every administrative agency page, and they are creeping into every Federal policy determination. 
As wise as the Presiding Officer is, 
something that he is not aware of that is happening in America today is that the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, adjusted its policy for receipt of disaster preparedness re-sources to require States that are to be accepting these FEMA funds to first accept the undeniable ‘‘challenges posed by climate change’’ and then spend State resources figuring how to plan for them before becoming eligible for disaster preparedness funds. 
Look, I come from Oklahoma, a 
State that has tornadoes, called Tor-nado Alley. When this happens, as it did very recently in the south-central part of Oklahoma, for us to get the funds that we are entitled to from FEMA, the State of Oklahoma has to accept the policy that we as a State ac-cept the undeniable challenges posed by climate change and then spend our State resources figuring out how to plan for them before becoming eligible for disaster relief. That is impossible. 
People can’t believe that is true 
when I tell them this is being done through the administration and this is adopted by these agencies. FEMA is supposed to be there to assist States in areas of the country for disaster relief. 
But they cannot get it. They are held hostage until they say something that they know is a lie and are held to that and spend State money. Again, that is not really believable, what I just stat-ed, because it is so inconceivable that that could happen. 
Now, the reality of this debate, how-
ever, is that the climate has been changing since the Earth was formed. I said the other day—a good friend of mine had an amendment on the floor. The amendment made comment to the fact that the climate is changing. Yes, it is changing. I think what the pro-ponents of this idea are trying to do is to try to change it over to say that those people who are not blaming human emissions as the cause of all these problems are denying that cli-mate changes. 
I said on floor at that time, all evi-
dence, archeological evidence, scrip-tural evidence, historical evidence is that climate has always, always changed. We all accept that. The big issue is, is it because of human emis-sions. That is where the science now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.034 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2679 May 6, 2015 
shows clearly that it is not. You are 
going keep hearing it, though, but it is not. 
Further, the scientific debate around 
the role of climate change, its causes 
and projected impacts, is ongoing. There is no consensus, and the Wall Street Journal recently produced a great opinion piece that highlights a multitude of discrepancies in the asser-tion that 90 percent of the scientists believe this to be true. This is kind of interesting because any time you do not have science behind you, what you say is science is settled, science is set-tled. And sooner or later, people be-lieve it, and they have not offered any evidence that would support that. That is what has happened. 
This item really suggests that the 
Wall Street Journal opinion piece that highlights the discrepancies in the 97 percent, when they say 97 percent of the scientists believe manmade gas is causing global warming—the article points out that the myth of a scientific consensus is predicated on—and I am quoting now—‘‘a handful of surveys and abstract-counting exercises that have been contradicted by more reli-able research.’’ 
Over the years, I have quoted a num-
ber of scientists. In fact, my Web site way back in the—probably 10 years ago, I started accumulating the num-ber of scientists and their credibility and their qualifications and statements they have made. One I remember, from my head now, is Richard Lindzen. Richard Lindzen is a professor from MIT. He is recognized as one of the top climatologists in the country. When asked the question, he says, of course it is not true. But the reason people, the bureaucracy, are so concerned about it is that regulating carbon is a bureaucracy’s dream. If you regulate carbon, you regulate life. That is what the motivation is around this. 
I think that is a good article to read 
so people will realize that there is no consensus, scientific consensus. Some of them believe it, some of them do not. 
As climate research continues to de-
velop, limitations in the overall under-standing of our climate and the limita-tions of scientific research have be-come increasingly evident. This could not be more evident than by the grow-ing discrepancy between climate model predictions and actual observations. For example, alarmists failed to fore-see the ongoing warming hiatus. 
What is a warming hiatus? There has 
not been a change in that temperature in the last 15 years. This is something that is incontrovertible. Everybody un-derstands that. They admit they didn’t foresee this happening, but that hiatus is actually going on today. It is still continuing. It further explained that the source of such a discrepancy could be caused by the ‘‘combinations of in-ternal climate variability, missing or incorrect radiative forcing, and model response error.’’ 
In other words, climate modeling 
cannot accurately project, much less predict, the climate of the future as 
climatologists and the broader sci-entific community have yet to fully understand how our climate system ac-tually works today. 
There is also a growing body of sci-
entific studies suggesting that vari-ations in solar radiation and natural climate variability have a leading role in climate change. Surprise, every-body, the Sun warms us. That is a shocker to a lot of people. It is not manmade gas. It is not CO
2emissions. 
It is the Sun. 
A number of independent studies as-
sessing the impact of clouds have even suggested that water vapor feedback is entirely canceled out by cloud proc-esses. Yet when the facts of reality do not appropriately align with the reli-gion of climate change, the alarmists will simply try to explain these things away or conveniently exclude any science that shows they are wrong. 
A favorite talking point of the cli-
mate change religion that is often used by senior officials within the Obama administration is that hurricanes, tor-nadoes, droughts, floods—you name it—are proof of harm being caused by global warming. They all say that. I have yet to hear a speech by any of the alarmists where they do not talk about the fact that all the hurricanes and tornadoes—the nature of them, the se-verity of them, the occurrences—are proof of harm being caused by global warming. But the global data shows no increase in the number or intensity of such events, and even the IPCC itself acknowledges the lack of any evident relationship between extreme weather and climate. 
This is interesting because the 
IPCC—I know most people are aware of this who are into this issue. But the IPCC is the Intergovernmental Panel On Climate Change. This is the United Nations. I even wrote a book about it. The longest chapter is talking about the United Nations, how they put this together. But they are the ones who have supposedly the science behind this whole thing, and they are the ones who are now admitting that there is no in-crease in intensity or occurrences of hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts or floods. 
In fact, Roger Pielke was before our 
committee in July of 2013. He said the oft-asserted linkage between global warming and recent hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, and drought is ‘‘unsupportable based on evidence and research.’’ 
I am still quoting now. 
It is misleading, and just plain incorrect, 
to claim that disasters associated with hur-ricanes, tornadoes, floods or droughts have increased on climate timescales either in the United States or globally. 
Hurricane landfalls have not in-
creased in the United States ‘‘in fre-quency, intensity or normalized dam-age since at least the year 1900.’’ 
That is now an accepted fact. But in 
spite of that, every speech you hear, they talk about all the hurricanes and all the disasters taking place and the 
intensity that has come to us because of global warming. 
The IPCC—again, this is the U.N. 2013 
‘‘Fifth Assessment Report.’’ Now, the assessment report that they come out with is—they will come out with a long, complicated report every so often, but then they will have kind of abbreviated ones for people like us to use to spread their propaganda. Their ‘‘Fifth Assessment Report’’ concluded that ‘‘current data sets indicate no sig-nificant observed trends in global trop-ical cyclone frequency over the past century. . . . No robust trends in an-nual numbers of tropical storms, hurri-canes and major hurricane counts have been identified over the last 100 years in the North Atlantic Basin.’’ 
But let’s just keep in mind everyone 
is now in agreement on that. Yet you still hear in the speeches that the world is coming to an end, and all the tornadoes—all this intensity is going to be disastrous to America. 
Counter to the doomsday predictions 
of climate alarmists, increasing obser-vations suggest a much reduced and practically harmless climate response to increased amounts of atmospheric carbon dioxide. Also missing from the climate alarmists’ doomsday scenarios and well-scripted talking points are the benefits from increased carbon that has led to a greening of the planet and con-tributed to increased agricultural pro-ductivity. 
People do not realize that you cannot 
grow things without CO
2. CO 2is a fer-
tilizer. It is something you cannot do without. No one ever talks about the benefits. The people are inducing that as a fertilizer on a daily basis. 
Despite admitted gaps to the sci-
entific understanding of climate change and a track record of climate modeling failures, President Obama and his environmental allies are hold-ing fast to their bedrock beliefs. They are intent on selling the President’s so- called Climate Action Plan to the American people that is less about pro-tecting the environment and more about expanding the role of the govern-ment while enriching, I should say, some campaigns of some of our friendly Democrats. There is a guy named Tom Styer. Tom Styer lives in California. He is very, very wealthy. He is all wrapped up in this issue. He claims that he spent in the last election to elect people who go along with global warming $75 million of his money. Originally, he was going to spend $100 million, $50 million of his money and $50 million that he was going to raise. He found out he couldn’t raise it, so that did not work. 
I would say that his effort was not all 
that successful, judging from the re-sults of the last election. But he is still out there. He still has a lot of money. He will not even miss the $75 million. 
For the President’s core domestic 
plan policy, the Clean Power Plan, let’s look at what this is. Starting back in 2002, when it was perceived to be a very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.036 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2680 May 6, 2015 
popular issue, Members of this Senate 
started introducing bills that would be cap-and-trade bills that would address this issue. It is very similar to the plan the President is putting out now. At that time, I was the chairman of the committee—I think it was the Sub-committee on Clean Air in the Senate. I was a believer because everybody said 
that was true, until they came out— and there is a study made by the Charles River Associates and MIT that said if we comply with the cap and trade, the cost to the American people would be in the range of $300 billion to $400 billion every year. That, again, would be the largest tax increase in history. I thought, if the world is com-ing to an end, maybe we need to do that. 
I started questioning the science be-
hind it. I started getting responses from scientists all over America. First of all, 10 of them came in. Then it went up to 400 and then 1,000. I started pub-lishing these on my Web site so people would know that there is another side to what they were calling this deter-mined science by IPCC. They tried from that time—this is 2002—until last year to pass legislation that would leg-islatively give us a cap-and-trade sys-tem, but it got defeated more and more each year because the people have ac-tually caught on. They have caught on that it is not a real thing, the science is not settled. That has led the Presi-dent to say, all right, if you guys are not going to pass legislation, I am going to do it through regulation. 
Where have we heard that before? 
That is everything the President has been doing that he can’t get through in his policy that is through the legisla-ture. Right now, you probably cannot get 20 votes in the whole Senate on this issue. He is trying to do it through reg-ulation. We have a Clean Power Plan. 
We had a hearing on this just last 
week. The President is no longer satis-fied with the fact that he can now tell you what doctor you can use under ObamaCare, what type of investments you can use under that regulation or how fast your Internet will be. I under-stand that is coming up next. He would like to dictate what type and how much energy you can use. 
With such high costs on the line, one 
would think there must be an equal amount if not greater number of bene-fits. What are the benefits? In reality, according to various impact assess-ments, the environmental benefits of the Clean Power Plan—again, admit-tedly, it is going to be $479 billion ini-tially, the cost of this, and the core do-mestic policy of the President’s Cli-mate Action Plan that is supposed to protect this country from the impend-ing impacts we are facing, the climate change—all of these costs will reduce CO
2concentrations by less than 0.5 per-
cent. The global average temperature rise will be reduced by only 0.01 degree Fahrenheit, and sea level rise will be reduced by 0.3 millimeters. That is the thickness of three sheets of paper. Further, these minuscule benefits 
would be rendered pointless by the con-tinued emissions growth in India and China. The chart is up now. It is very significant. 
Because we look at this and look at 
what China and India are contributing to the atmosphere by their emissions. Now, there is the United States. In fact, the figure is that China alone pro-duces more CO
2in 1 month—that is 800 
million tons—than the Clean Power Plan will reduce in 1 year, and that is 500 million tons. 
Perhaps what is most telling is that 
President Obama’s EPA didn’t even bother to measure what impacts the proposed Clean Power Plan would have on the environment. This is something which has been very well documented. 
I guess what we are saying here is 
that it doesn’t really matter what we are doing here in the United States. This is not where the problem is. But that is to be expected under the reli-gion of climate change. When the science doesn’t add up and the projec-tions don’t pan out and the weather won’t cooperate, alarmists will refer to their commitment to a higher moral authority or obligation. As evidenced by the Clean Power Plan, it doesn’t matter if these policies provide any benefit in climate change; crusaders certainly will not be dissuaded by the exorbitant costs. 
It is ironic, however, that while tout-
ing a commitment to a moral obliga-tion, which we have heard time and again from this administration, the re-sulting policies will cause real eco-nomic hardship to this country and to the most vulnerable populations. This is something people need to pay atten-tion to. The increase in the cost of fuel for Americans would be—and it has al-ready been documented—the elec-tricity cost will go up by double digits in 43 States. And whom does it hurt the most? It hurts the poor people. Those individuals who spend the highest amount of their expendable income on heating their homes will be hit the worst. This hypocrisy is kind of akin to jetting around the country in a 232-foot private plane on Earth Day to warn global citizens of the harm caused by increased CO
2emissions in the atmos-
phere. 
The President’s international discus-
sions around climate change stand to be equally harmful to the American people. The President likes to point to his recent agreement with China as evidence of international cooperation on climate change, but this agreement is nothing more than an exercise in theatrics. 
China is sitting back right now lick-
ing its chops and hoping America will start reducing its emissions and drive its manufacturing base overseas to places where they don’t have these emission restrictions. The farce of an agreement lets China continue business as usual, and that is 800 million tons of CO
2a month until 2030. Boy, that is 
until 2030, while hard-working Amer-ican taxpayers are going to foot the 
cost of the President’s economically disastrous climate agenda. 
Despite what the President might 
say to the international community, 
without the backing of the U.S. Con-gress, which the President does not have, he has no authority to reach binding or legally enforceable agree-ments with other countries. I will re-mind the President of this again in De-cember. 
Some people don’t know that the 
United Nations has a big party every year in December, and it has been going on now for 15 years. Every year, they invite all the countries—this is all through the United Nations—from all around the world, some 192 countries, to this big party. I am talking about caviar and all you can drink and all that. All they have to do is say they will agree to try to lower their emis-sions of CO
2. 
I remember the party in Copenhagen 
2 years ago. As I recall, Obama was there, Kerry was there, P
ELOSI was 
there, and B OXER was there. All the 
far-left liberals were there to try to convince the people from these other countries that we were going to pass a cap-and-trade bill, so they better do it too. 
Well, I waited until they were all 
through with their things, and I went over to Copenhagen. I tell the Chair, I was the one-man truth squad. I went over to explain the truth to the other 191 countries. I told them that these people are lying to them by saying we will pass legislation. I said we are not going to pass legislation, and of course we did not pass legislation. 
I have to say this. The 191 countries 
over there all had one thing in com-mon: They all hated me, but they all understood that I was right and that there weren’t the votes in this country to pass it. 
The American people are starting to 
catch on, and that is why I am not sur-prised, as I mentioned, that the Gallup Poll that was released just last March concluded that the current level of worry on environmental issues remains at or near record lows, and among those concerns on the environmental issue, global warming is second to last. What Americans do care about is the economy and Federal spending and the size and power of the Federal Govern-ment. 
The disintegrating case for climate 
alarm coupled with an American public that is quickly losing interest does not pan well for the President’s climate agenda or his self-acclaimed environ-mental legacy. Climate alarmists have spent just as much energy, if not more, convincing the world that it is bad to be a skeptic of what was once referred to as global cooling and then became global warming and is now global cli-mate change. The tenet of the modern climate change religion cannot with-stand the scrutiny of the merits, pri-marily because it is a result of polit-ical design and not scientific revela-tion. And that is why anyone who is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.038 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2681 May 6, 2015 
willing to point out discrepancies with-
in the climate change debate or raise legitimate concerns will be subjected to a barrage of arrogant sarcasm and personal attacks. 
Whether the alarmists call it global 
warming or climate change, the Amer-ican people understand that the Presi-dent’s climate agenda is not about pro-tecting the public; it is about a power grab. 
I will make three final points. First of all, I think we all know that 
the climate is always changing. I re-member—and I will go from memory on this. We have cycles, and the cycles have been taking place all throughout history. In 1895, we went into a period of cooling, and that was when they first started saying that another ice age was coming, and that lasted 30 years, until about 1918. In 1918, a change came about. It started getting warmer, and we went into a 30-year warming period. It was the first time the phrase ‘‘global warming’’ was used. In 1945, that changed, and we went into a cooling spell, and the same thing has happened since then. Right now, of course, we are in kind of a remission era. 
This is what is interesting: No one 
can deny that 1945 was the year when we had the largest surge in the emis-sions of CO
2in the history of this coun-
try, and that precipitated not a warm-ing period but a cooling period. That is first. 
The second thing is, in Australia—I 
wasn’t going to mention this until I talked yesterday to one of the mem-bers of Parliament in Australia. Sev-eral years ago, Australia bought into this argument and said: We are going to lead the way, and we will start re-stricting our emissions. 
They imposed a carbon tax on their 
economy a few years ago, and it cost $9 billion in lost economic activity each year and destroyed tens of thousands of jobs. It was so bad that the government recently voted to repeal the carbon tax, and their economy is better for it. In fact, it was announced just following the repeal that Australia experienced a record job growth of 121,000 jobs—far more than the 10,000 to 15,000 jobs economists had expected. 
There is a country that tried it, and 
they found out what it cost, and you would think we could learn from their mistakes. 
The third thing is to ask the ques-
tion. What if I am wrong and they are right? There is an answer to that. I re-member when President Obama was first elected. He appointed Lisa Jack-son, and she became the Director of the Environmental Protection Agency. During the time she was there, they were building this thing up, and we were holding hearings in the com-mittee I chaired at that time. 
I asked her: In the event that one of 
these bills passes on cap and trade or the President comes up with some kind of proposal or a regulation that does the same thing, will that have the ef-fect of lowering CO
2emissions world-
wide? 
Her answer: No, it wouldn’t. And the reason it wouldn’t is because 
this is where the problem is. The prob-lem is in China, Mexico, and India. So the mere fact that we do something just in our country has a reverse effect because as we chase away our manufac-turing base and it goes to one of those countries—and China is hoping to be one of those countries—where they have no emission requirements, it would have the effect of not decreasing but increasing emissions. 
If you bought into this and you agree 
that I am wrong and they are right, just keep in mind that by their own emission this would not reduce CO
2, 
and that is what we are supposed to be concerned with. 
The people of America have awak-
ened. The economy and the Obama for-eign policy of appeasement have cap-tured their interest, and these are con-cerns that are real concerns and things we ought to do today. 
With that, I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Apr. 23, 2015] 
THECLIMATE -CHANGE RELIGION  
(By Lamar Smith) 
Earth Day provided a fresh opening for 
Obama to raise alarms about global warming based on beliefs, not science. 
‘‘Today, our planet faces new challenges, 
but none pose a greater threat to future gen-erations than climate change,’’ President Obama wrote in his proclamation for Earth Day on Wednesday. ‘‘As a Nation, we must act before it is too late.’’ 
Secretary of State John Kerry, in an Earth 
Day op-ed for USA Today, declared that cli-mate change has put America ‘‘on a dan-gerous path—along with the rest of the world.’’ 
Both the president and Mr. Kerry cited 
rapidly warming global temperatures and ever-more-severe storms caused by climate change as reasons for urgent action. 
Given that for the past decade and a half 
global-temperature increases have been neg-ligible, and that the worsening-storms sce-nario has been widely debunked, the pro-nouncements from the Obama administra-tion sound more like scare tactics than fact- based declarations. 
At least the United Nations’ then-top cli-
mate scientist, Rajendra Pachauri, acknowl-edged—however inadvertently—the faith- based nature of climate-change rhetoric when he resigned amid scandal in February. In a farewell letter, he said that ‘‘the protec-tion of Planet Earth, the survival of all spe-cies and sustainability of our ecosystems is more than a mission. It is my religion and my dharma.’’ 
Instead of letting political ideology or cli-
mate ‘‘religion’’ guide government policy, we should focus on good science. The facts alone should determine what climate policy op-tions the U.S. considers. That is what the scientific method calls for: inquiry based on measurable evidence. Unfortunately this ad-ministration’s climate plans ignore good science and seek only to advance a political agenda. 
Climate reports from the U.N.—which the 
Obama administration consistently em-braces—are designed to provide scientific cover for a preordained policy. This is not good science. Christiana Figueres, the offi-
cial leading the U.N.’s effort to forge a new international climate treaty later this year in Paris, told reporters in February that the 
real goal is ‘‘to change the economic devel-opment model that has been reigning for at least 150 years.’’ In other words, a central ob-jective of these negotiations is the redis-tribution of wealth among nations. It is ap-parent that President Obama shares this vi-sion. 
The Obama administration recently sub-
mitted its pledge to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The commitment would lock the U.S. into reducing greenhouse-gas emissions more than 25% by 2025 and ‘‘economy-wide emis-sion reductions of 80% or more by 2050.’’ The president’s pledge lacks details about how to achieve such goals without burdening the economy, and it doesn’t quantify the specific climate benefits tied to his pledge. 
America will never meet the president’s ar-
bitrary targets without the country being subjected to costly regulations, energy ra-tioning and reduced economic growth. These policies won’t make America stronger. And these measures will have no significant im-pact on global temperatures. In a hearing last week before the House Science, Space and Technology Committee, of which I am chairman, climate scientist Judith Curry testified that the president’s U.N pledge is estimated to prevent only a 0.03 Celsius tem-perature rise. That is three-hundredths of one degree. 
In June 2014 testimony before my com-
mittee, former Assistant Secretary for En-ergy Charles McConnell noted that the presi-dent’s Clean Power Plan—requiring every state to meet federal carbon-emission-reduc-tion targets—would reduce a sea-level in-crease by less than half the thickness of a dime. Policies like these will only make the government bigger and Americans poorer, with no environmental benefit. 
The White House’s Climate Assessment im-
plies that extreme weather is getting worse due to human-caused climate change. The president regularly makes this unsubstan-tiated claim—most recently in his Earth Day proclamation, citing ‘‘more severe weather disasters.’’ 
Even the U.N. doesn’t agree with him on 
that one: In its 2012 Special Report on Ex-treme Events, the U.N.’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says there is ‘‘high agreement’’ among leading experts that long-term trends in weather disasters are not attributable to human-caused climate change. Why do the president and others in his administration keep repeating this un-true claim? 
Climate alarmists have failed to explain 
the lack of global warming over the past 15 years. They simply keep adjusting their mal-functioning climate models to push the sup-posedly looming disaster further into the fu-ture. Following the U.N.’s 2008 report, its claims about the melting of Himalayan gla-ciers, the decline of crop yields and the ef-fects of sea-level rise were found to be in-valid. The InterAcademy Council, a multi-national scientific organization, reviewed the report in 2010 and identified ‘‘significant shortcomings in each major step of [the U.N.] assessment process.’’ 
The U.N. process is designed to generate 
alarmist results. Many people don’t realize that the most-publicized documents of the U.N. reports are not written by scientists. In fact, the scientists who work on the under-lying science are forced to step aside to allow partisan political representatives to develop the ‘‘Summary for Policy Makers.’’ It is scrubbed to minimize any suggestion of scientific uncertainty and is publicized be-fore the actual science is released. The Sum-mary for Policy Makers is designed to give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.039 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2682 May 6, 2015 
newspapers and headline writers around the 
world only one side of the debate. 
Yet those who raise valid questions about 
the very real uncertainties surrounding the understanding of climate change have their motives attacked, reputations savaged and livelihoods threatened. This happens even though challenging prevailing beliefs through open debate and critical thinking is fundamental to the scientific process. 
The intellectual dishonesty of senior ad-
ministration officials who are unwilling to admit when they are wrong is astounding. When assessing climate change, we should focus on good science, not politically correct science. 
Mr. INHOFE. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CELEBRATING ASIAN AMERICAN 
AND PACIFIC ISLANDER HERIT-AGE MONTH 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
in celebration of Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. In 1979, President Jimmy Carter estab-lished Asian Pacific Heritage Week. This week of recognition was expanded to a month-long celebration in 1992. Every May, Asian American and Pa-cific Islander Heritage Month provides Americans the opportunity to reflect upon the many contributions made by the Asian American and Pacific Is-lander community in Nevada and across the Nation. 
May is a significant month in Asian 
American and Pacific Islander history. The first 10 days of May coincide with the arrival of the first Japanese immi-grants in the United States on May 7, 1843, and the completion of the trans-continental railroad on May 10, 1869, which relied heavily on the work of Chinese immigrants. But Asian Amer-ican and Pacific Islander Heritage Month does not only recognize the past achievements of this vibrant commu-nity; this month is also a chance to honor the civil rights activists, farm-ers, scientists, entrepreneurs, health professionals, educators, and other members of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community, who con-tinue to help shape our Nation into an even better place culturally, economi-cally, and politically. 
In Nevada, Asian Americans and Pa-
cific Islanders are among the fastest growing populations and have enriched 
Nevada’s history and culture. Hundreds of thousands of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders live in Nevada, and contribute to small business develop-ment and boost our economy. I am proud to represent such strong and in-novative people, and I continue to work hard to enact legislation that positively impacts the Asian American and Pacific Islander community. For instance, I joined my colleague, Hawaii Senator M
AZIE HIRONO , earlier this 
year in fighting for legislation that would reunite children and families of Filipino World War II veterans, and I will continue my steadfast support of family reunification efforts. 
America is a nation of immigrants 
with diverse backgrounds and united common principles, which is part of what makes us strong, resilient, and unique. This month, we celebrate the wonderful and important contributions of the Asian American and Pacific Is-lander community in Nevada and throughout the Nation, and I extend my best wishes for a joyous Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DIGITAL INVES-
TIGATION CENTER AT CHAM-PLAIN COLLEGE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last 
month, I had the opportunity to visit the award-winning Leahy Center for Digital Investigation at Champlain College in Burlington, VT. One of the Nation’s top law enforcement officers, Federal Bureau of Investigation Direc-tor James Comey, joined me for a tour of this impressive facility. It was a fit-ting time to visit the center; earlier in the week, the LCDI was recognized as the Best Cybersecurity Higher Edu-cation Program in the country by SC Magazine. 
We all know that computers and 
technology have changed not only the way people commit crimes, but also the way law enforcement investigates and prosecutes criminals. Students here are learning firsthand how to help law enforcement agencies across the country in areas related to computer forensics and other forms of digital in-vestigation. By giving them this hands- on experience, Champlain College and the Leahy Center are training the next generation of analysts who will work to combat cyberthreats and other dig-ital threats. 
I was especially pleased that the FBI 
Director joined me in visiting the LCDI. Both of us left with a deep ap-preciation for the excellent education the next generation of cybersecurity professionals are receiving at the Leahy center. These students receive intense hands-on experience, dealing with the same issues that practitioners in the field work on every day. With a 90 percent placement rate in relevant fields, the center is a critical part of ensuring that law enforcement has the expertise and resources it needs to face the cyberthreats of the future. The cyberthreats we face are real, 
and the training students receive from the Leahy Center for Digital Investiga-tion will help us face those threats head on. I congratulate Champlain Col-lege and the center for this achieve-ment, and look forward to years of suc-cess to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RED HEN BAKING 
COMPANY 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Red Hen 
Baking Company was founded in 1999 by Randy George and Eliza Cain in the Mad River Valley of Vermont. They started as a small operation, baking and delivering fresh bread to nearby stores and restaurants. They used pure ingredients, baked around the clock, and soon, with the support of the sur-rounding community, and as the word- of-mouth testimonials spread, their small operation grew into the Hen we know today. They moved their oper-ation to the popular Camp Meade loca-tion, in my hometown of Middlesex. 
Red Hen Baking Company exempli-
fies the spirit and the vision of Vermont business. Randy often says that Vermont is the only State in which he could imagine starting and running a successful bakery of this kind. They tend to do things the right way, rather than the easy way—from the selection of the essential elements of their bread, to their employee treat-ment policies and practices. Randy, Eliza and the Hen’s ‘‘barnyard ani-mals’’ take pride in their product, and it shows. 
Randy always reminds his customers 
that his employees are the most impor-tant part of his bakery business, so it was no surprise when he was invited by President Obama and Labor Secretary Tom Perez to join them at the White House as a ‘‘Champion of Change’’ for working families. Employers from across the country shared their success stories, and the devastating and impos-sible choices working families face when paid sick leave is not among their benefits. The panel was a tremen-dous success, and I was proud to have Vermont represented by such a stead-fast supporter of fair treatment for em-ployees. 
Randy and Liza’s message is clear. 
Put the people in your business at the core of everything you do, and they will work hard for you for years to come—in the Hen’s case, even decades. Randy and Liza offer health coverage, fair, livable wages, and paid sick days. They want their employees to thrive both personally and professionally, and they have encouraged other businesses to adopt similar standards. 
Marcelle and I are so happy to live in 
Middlesex and to have our neighbors setting such high standards for the treatment of a dedicated workforce. I want to congratulate Randy and Liza on their successful business, and to thank them. Happy, healthy employees are productive employees, and it is right to invest in each other’s success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.036 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2683 May 6, 2015 
It is the right way, and it is the 
Vermont way. We look forward to our visits every time Marcelle and I come home. 
f 
STATEMENT IN SUPPORT OF DIVI-
SION M OF THE CONSOLIDATED AND FURTHER CONTINUING AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015, THE EXPATRIATE HEALTH COVERAGE CLARIFICATION ACT 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that a statement in support of Division M of the Consoli-dated and Further Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2015, the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATEMENT OF SENATORS CARPER , TOOMEY , 
COONS , AND RUBIO IN SUPPORT OF DIVISION  
M OF THE CONSOLIDATED AND FURTHER CON-
TINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015, THEEX-
PATRIATE HEALTH COVERAGE CLARIFICATION  
ACT. 
At the end of the last Congress, a bipar-
tisan group of Senators and Members of Con-gress led by Senators Carper, Toomey, Coons and Rubio, worked together to secure pas-sage of the Expatriate Health Coverage Clar-ification Act of 2014. That legislation, which was included as Division M of the Consoli-dated and Further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2015, provides important technical clarifications of how the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) applies to health coverage provided by U.S. insurers to globally mobile employees. It puts those U.S. insurers on equal footing with their foreign counterparts and protects jobs in this coun-try. 
As the Administration prepares to begin 
the rulemaking process to implement the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act, we want to ensure Congressional intent is clear so the Act is implemented properly. We are aware the Congressional Record al-ready contains two statements that reflect Congressional intent on certain elements of the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act, but further explanation will aid the Ad-ministration in its implementation efforts. 
The issues that we seek to clarify today 
are: relief from the ACA’s health insurer fee, the effective date of the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act, treatment of groups of similarly situated individuals (in-cluding student and religious missionary groups), who to take into account when de-termining enrollment in expatriate health insurance plans, locations where expatriate plans must provide coverage for qualified ex-patriates assigned or transferred to the United States, actuarial value, and reporting requirements. 
One important clarification relates to the 
application of the health insurer fee estab-lished in section 9010 of the ACA to expa-triate health insurance plans. Under the Ex-patriate Health Coverage Clarification Act, premiums with respect to persons covered by qualified expatriate health insurance plans are not included in the calculation of the amount of that issuer’s share of the health insurance fee. To make certain that the in-tent of that provision is abundantly clear, we want to iterate that no health insurer fee will be owed with respect to expatriate health insurance plans for 2016 and beyond. 
Additionally, in implementing the special 
rule related to the health insurer fee for 2014 and 2015, it is the intent of Congress that the 
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) assess less than the full ‘‘applicable amount’’ otherwise specified in ACA section 9010 for 2014 and 2015, and that it refund or credit any excess funds already paid by expatriate health in-surance issuers for 2014. 
In addition to those important clarifica-
tions, we believe additional clarifications will further ensure appropriate implementa-tion of the Expatriate Health Coverage Clar-ification Act. 
The Expatriate Health Coverage Clarifica-
tion Act became law on December 16, 2014. The legislative language provides that the Act takes effect upon enactment and applies to expatriate health plans issued or renewed on or after July 1, 2015, unless otherwise specified. It is important to clarify that Con-gressional intent is to provide immediate re-lief to U.S. issuers of expatriate health in-surance plans effective on the date of enact-ment, and for the additional requirements 
imposed by the Act to apply only to plans issued or renewed on or after July 1, 2015, to give the Administration time to issue guid-ance on these new requirements. 
Another clarification relates to the treat-
ment of ‘‘groups of similarly situated indi-viduals,’’ which includes student and reli-gious missionary groups, under the Expa-triate Health Coverage Clarification Act. Congress does not intend every student or re-ligious missionary or other similarly situ-ated group to have to endure a lengthy ap-proval process through which the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor determine that international health care coverage is appropriate for the group. Rath-er, if a health plan meets the requirements of being an expatriate health plan and a group of similarly situated individuals meets the requirements of eligibility to purchase such a plan, we expect that these groups can purchase plans as expeditiously as possible. We expect the Secretaries will issue guid-ance on this matter that is consistent with the language of the Expatriate Health Cov-erage Clarification Act for these groups to access health insurance and other related services and support in multiple countries. 
The Expatriate Health Coverage Clarifica-
tion Act limits its relief to expatriate health plans that meet the standards established in the law. One of those standards is that ‘‘[s]ubstantially all of the primary enrollees in such plan or coverage are qualified expa-triates . . . .’’ It is important to clarify that Congress does not intend for individuals who are enrolled in COBRA or other continuation coverage under the plan to be taken into ac-count when determining whether substan-tially all of the primary enrollees are quali-fied expatriates. 
Another standard is that where an expa-
triate health plan provides coverage for qualified expatriates who are transferred or assigned to the United States, the plan must provide certain coverages in ‘‘. . . such other country or countries as the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor, may designate (after taking into account the barriers and prohibi-tions to providing health care services in the countries as designated).’’ It is important to clarify that Congress does not intend that expatriates in foreign countries receive du-plicate or unnecessary health insurance cov-erage. Instead, the Secretaries should pro-mulgate guidance establishing that, by vir-tue of having U.S.-issued expatriate health coverage, qualified expatriates need the full benefits and protections of the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act in such lo-cations as are necessary for the individual to perform his/her job responsibilities. The Expatriate Health Coverage Clarifica-
tion Act says that plan sponsors must rea-sonably believe that ‘‘the benefits provided by the expatriate health plan satisfy a stand-ard at least actuarially equivalent to the level provided for in section 36B(c)(2)(C)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code.’’ The intent of Congress is to require expatriate health cov-erage to meet the minimum-value as it is de-lineated in the Internal Revenue Code 36B(c)(2)(C)(ii). We believe the law allows for employers and issuers to retain the flexi-bility to design and offer plans with a higher value as they may determine necessary and appropriate to meet the needs and cir-cumstances of their covered population. 
Finally, there is the issue of reporting re-
quirements. The ACA added section 6055 to the Internal Revenue Code, which provides that every provider of minimum essential coverage will report coverage information by filing an informational return with the IRS and furnishing a statement to individuals. The information is used by the IRS to ad-minister, and individuals to show compli-ance with, the ACA’s individual shared re-sponsibility provision. It is Congress’s intent that any additional reporting that may be required as a result of the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act or related guid-ance should be kept as minimal as possible, recognize the unique nature of expatriate health plans, and be incorporated into the existing requirements under section 6055. Should future laws or regulations streamline the reporting requirements for domestic health plans, we expect that this relief be provided equally to expatriate health plans. 
We believe these are important clarifica-
tions that will ensure the Expatriate Health Coverage Clarification Act is implemented consistent with Congressional intent and will permit U.S.-based expatriate health in-surance issuers to compete with their foreign counterparts. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FLIGHT OFFICER 
WILLIAM A. COLBERT, JR., OF THE TUSKEGEE AIRMEN 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Flight Officer William Au-gust Colbert, Jr., for his honorable service to the United States as a mem-ber of the famed Tuskegee Airmen. Mr. Colbert is a lifelong Marylander who was born in Annapolis and attended Anne Arundel County public schools, graduating from Wiley H. Bates High School. Upon his graduation, he joined the Civilian Conservation Corps and was stationed in Allegany County, MD where he met and married his wife, the late Vivian Lee Colbert. He ultimately made Cumberland his home. 
After spending time working in the 
Baltimore shipyards, Mr. Colbert en-listed in the Army Air Force in 1943 and achieved the rank of flight officer at the Tuskegee Army Air Field. He was alerted for overseas duty on two occasions, but the war ended prior to his deployment. While Mr. Colbert never saw combat, he learned to fly with the best, and became a Red Tail. Mr. Colbert has always considered his contribution to the Tuskegee Airmen as what he was called to do as a U.S. citizen. He did so without expectation of fame or fanfare. 
When Mr. Colbert returned to Cum-
berland after his military service, he worked as a tire builder for the Kelly- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.013 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2684 May 6, 2015 
Springfield Tire Company for 33 years 
until his retirement. He became a member of Fulton Myers American Le-gion Post. He and his wife had two chil-dren but lost one due to complications of childbirth. They raised their son William Augustus Colbert, III, who went to Bowie State University, where he met and married his wife Anna Hud-son Colbert. Mr. Colbert has been blessed with four grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. Last July, Mr. Colbert became a great-great-grand-father. He is an admired family man who has opened his home, heart, and talents—including hunting, fishing, photography, and jazz—to family and friends alike. Mr. Colbert has enjoyed gardening and carpentry, and he per-sonally ensured that the U.S. flag was raised and lowered each day on the former Pine Avenue playground, which was located directly across the street from his house. 
The contributions of Mr. Colbert and 
his fellow Tuskegee Airmen—the first African American combat unit in the Army Air Corps—played a crucial role in integrating the U.S. armed services. They helped to shatter stereotypes through their distinguished service at home and abroad. 
In the 109th Congress, I was honored 
to cosponsor legislation awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to the 
Tuskegee Airmen in recognition long overdue of their unique military record, which inspired revolutionary reform in the Armed Forces, and to join the President of the United States and my colleagues in Congress in pre-senting the medal to 300 members of the Tuskegee Airmen in a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol. The medal features three Tuskegee Airmen in profile—an officer, a mechanic and a pilot. The eagle symbolizes flight, nobility, and the highest ideals of our Nation. The years 1941–1949 indicate the years dur-ing which these airmen were assigned to segregated units. The reverse side depicts three types of airplanes flown by the Tuskegee Airmen in World War II: the P–40, P–51 and B–25. The original gold medal remains on display at the Smithsonian Institution. 
Mr. Colbert was in failing health at 
the time, so he was unable to attend that ceremony and be presented with a copy of the medal. I am pleased to an-nounce that on Friday, May 15, 2015, Mr. Colbert will finally receive the rec-ognition he has earned during a presen-tation of the Congressional Gold Medal along with presentations by State and local elected officials, veterans service organizations, and the National Asso-ciation for the Advancement of Colored People, NAACP, in his hometown of Cumberland, MD. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in ex-
pressing sincere appreciation and con-gratulations to Mr. Colbert for his out-standing service to our country in uni-form and in his community. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MARY ELIZABETH 
CUNNINGHAM 
∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
would like to pay tribute to a Con-necticut resident who recently dem-onstrated extraordinary capability and heroism. Mary Elizabeth Cunningham, a resident of Niantic, who works as an emergency room nurse at Yale-New Haven Hospital, was flying from Chi-cago to Hartford on April 22. When she heard an announcement over the loud-speaker seeking the assistance of any medical professionals on board, she quickly volunteered to help a pas-senger experiencing respiratory dif-ficulties. After successfully providing aid, Ms. Cunningham was about to re-turn to her seat when she was asked to help another passenger, who had lost consciousness. While assessing the sit-uation, she began to feel dizzy herself, along with other passengers and mem-bers of the flight crew. 
Despite the challenging cir-
cumstances, she did not panic but in-stead urged the flight crew to make an emergency landing, fearing something was wrong. The pilot swiftly landed the plane in Buffalo, and although 17 pas-sengers were later evaluated by med-ical personnel, it appears that everyone has made a full recovery. Had Ms. Cunningham not been on the plane to assist with handling the situation, that might not have been the case. 
Ms. Cunningham deserves the highest 
praise, not just for her choice to be-come a health provider, but for her speedy and decisive actions to help those in need and recognizing a poten-tially disastrous situation. I am par-ticularly pleased to recognize her on National Nurses Day, when we recog-nize the essential services nurses pro-vide in hospitals and communities all across the country. I know all of Con-necticut joins me in honoring and thanking Ms. Cunningham for her ex-emplary performance in the line of duty. ∑ 
f 
TOP MONTANA TEAM IN CAPITOL 
HILL CHALLENGE 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize a group of Montana students and their teacher, who truly embody the innovative and hardworking spirit that has, for so long, been the engine of our great Nation. 
Ms. Jennifer Zirbel and her class at 
Lone Peak High School in Gallatin Gateway, MT, recently represented Montana well in the Capitol Hill Chal-lenge with their exemplary perform-ance in the 12th annual Stock Market Game. 
There were 5,000 high school and mid-
dle schools teams from all 50 States that participated in the Challenge. As the top performing Montana team in the competition, they have dem-onstrated exemplary knowledge of math, economics, business and the global economy. They have made Mon-
tana proud. They are outstanding young Montanans who have proven that hard work and dedication can lead to tremendous success in whatever you set your mind to. The real world finan-cial and business skills that they have gained through their participation in this program will no doubt serve them well in their future as active citizens. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHEYENNE BRADY 
∑Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
congratulate Ms. Cheyenne Brady, a resident of the great State of North Dakota, on being crowned the 2015–2016 Miss Indian World. 
The Miss Indian World competition is 
the largest and most prestigious cul-tural pageant for young Native women and was recently held during the Gath-ering of Nations Powwow at the Uni-versity of New Mexico in Albuquerque. Twenty contestants from across the United States and Canada were judged on public speaking, a personal inter-view, talent presentation, traditional dance, and an essay. Throughout the competition, contestants demonstrated an in-depth knowledge of their culture and tribal history. Cheyenne won awards for the Best Essay as well as Best Dancer categories. 
Cheyenne is a member of the Sac and 
Fox Nation, and also represents the Hidatsa Arikara, Cheyenne, Pawnee, Otoe, Kiowa Apache, and Tonkawa tribes. At 22 years old, she is a student at North Dakota State University ma-joring in behavioral health and was re-cently accepted into North Dakota State University’s graduate school pro-gram for American Indian Public Health. As Congress works to support Native youth and address their holistic needs that include behavioral and men-tal health issues, it is heartening to see Cheyenne specialize in areas so critical to helping her tribe and community members succeed. 
I wish Cheyenne well as she travels 
across the United States and Canada in her role as Miss Indian World. During her reign, Cheyenne hopes to instill a sense of pride in Native youth and will encourage them to embrace their cul-ture. It is truly a great honor to have such a talented young woman rep-resent North Dakota and Indian Coun-try on the world stage. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVEN LEACH 
∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I 
would like to recognize the inspiring accomplishments of Steven Leach, a 20-year U.S. Army veteran and past de-partment commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars from Pawlet, VT, who is known by his fellow veterans, friends, and acquaintances as ‘‘The Monument Man.’’ Steve has long been a strong leader within the veterans’ community, especially as a member of Harned-Fowler VFW Post 6471 in Man-chester Center, VT, and a passionate advocate for veterans and their family 
members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.015 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2685 May 6, 2015 
Most recently, Steve has dedicated 
himself to preserving the memory of the service and sacrifice of wartime veterans for future generations of Vermonters, as well as visitors to the Green Mountain State. In 2010, he spearheaded a major initiative to erect a monument commemorating the thou-sands of Vermont veterans who served in the Korean war, including the 94 Vermonters who were killed in action during ‘‘the forgotten war’’ and the 20 who remain missing to this day. For more than 3 years, Steve planned, de-signed, coordinated, and fundraised to make the monument a reality, and on August 5, 2013, he helped inaugurate the Vermont Korean War Monument in Manchester, VT. 
Inspired by the overwhelming sup-
port for that effort and not one to rest on his laurels, Steve set out to erect a similar monument in honor of World War II veterans, to be installed at the new Bennington Welcome Center on Route 279, also known as the Vermont World War II Veterans Memorial High-way. That project is almost complete and will be dedicated on August 15 as part of the events commemorating the 70th anniversary of the conclusion of World War II. On that date, thanks in large part to Steve’s efforts, Vermonters will gather to unveil a monument recognizing the sacrifices of those who contributed to the defeat of tyranny 70 years ago, including the more than 1,200 Vermonters who died as a result of combat. 
Between the two monument cam-
paigns, Steve has logged hundreds of volunteer hours, travelled thousands of miles, raised tens of thousands of dol-lars, and, most importantly, touched the hearts of countless Vermonters in his quest to honor the service of our State’s veterans. 
Steve Leach is another one of those 
extraordinary veterans we all have in our home States, who, although he took off his uniform, never really quit serving his country. This humble man will be rather embarrassed that I have chosen to place him in the spotlight for his selfless devotion to public service. His tireless efforts deserve special rec-ognition in this body, and I am so proud to share his accomplishments with my colleagues. ∑ 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–22. A resolution adopted by the House 
of Representatives of the State of Michigan memorializing the United States Congress to require the U.S. Department of Defense to ensure that replacement aircraft are as-signed to Selfridge Air National Guard Base to compensate for the proposed elimination of the A–10 fleet; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 29 
Whereas, The proposed U.S. Department of 
Defense budget would eliminate the nation’s A-10 fleet, including aircraft at Michigan’s 
Selfridge Air National Guard Base. Selfridge currently is home to 18 A–10 Thunderbolt II aircraft, directly supporing 535 jobs related to that mission; and 
Whereas, The proposed cuts would have a 
dramatic effect on the lives and morale of the dedicated men and women who choose to serve our country at Selfridge Air National Guard Base and other U.S. military bases. The elimination of the A–10 fleet would place in jeopardy more than 400 jobs at Selfridge alone; and 
Whereas, In Michigan, these proposed cuts 
would have immeasurable impacts on Macomb County and the local communities surrounding the Selfridge Air National Guard Base. For nearly a century, the base has been a source of community pride and local jobs, with the local economic benefit worth more than $700 million to residents and businesses in several surrounding cities and townships. In addition, the base is a key component of disaster response for the entire state and a vital base for our nation’s home-land security; and 
Whereas, The A–10 fleet should not be 
eliminated until an enduring fighter aircraft mission, or suitable enduring non-fighter mission supplementary to the KC–135 Air Re-fueling Tanker, can be assigned to Selfridge Air National Guard Base. The elimination of the A–10 fleet will make Selfridge vulnerable to closure in future Base Realignment and Closure Commission recommendations. As-signing replacement aircraft would not only maintain the viability of this important base for homeland security, but would also be cost-effective: the Air National Guard can operate aircraft at about half the cost of an active duty unit; and 
Whereas, The brave pilots and crew who 
serve in the A–10 unit based at Selfridge Air National Guard Base have performed bril-liantly against the enemies of freedom on battlefields across the globe providing des-perately needed close air support for our na-tion’s warriors. It is vital to our national se-curity that those skilled airmen continue to be utilized to defend our nation: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives, 
That we memorialize the Congress of the United States to require the U.S. Depart-ment of Defense to ensure that replacement aircraft are assigned to Selfridge Air Na-tional Guard Base to compensate for the pro-posed elimination of the A–10 fleet; and be it further 
Resolved, That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–23. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Wyoming request-ing the United States Congress to eliminate the freeze on longer combination vehicles and consent to the creation of a voluntary compact between Western States that will establish uniform size and capacity, routes, configuration, and operating conditions for longer combination vehicles; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
H
OUSE ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION 2 
Whereas, one of the most significant ways 
to improve freight system performance on the highways of the western United States is through the use of more efficient trucks and track combinations; and 
Whereas, over the past two (2) decades, 
longer combination vehicles (LCVs), which are tractor-trailer combinations with two (2) or more trailers that have a gross weight ex-ceeding eighty thousand (80,000) pounds, have 
demonstrated considerable benefits to the general public through increased produc-tivity, higher safety ratings, increased fuel savings, emissions reductions and congestion mitigation; and 
Wereas, a Federal Highway Administration 
freeze on state authority to expand the of LCVs has been in place since 1991, and since that time there has been substantial popu-lation, traffic congestion and vehicle reg-istration growth and a significant increase in vehicle miles traveled and vehicle emis-sions; and 
Whereas, eliminating the freeze on LCVs 
for the affected states, including Wyoming, will give these states the flexibility to estab-lish uniformity in LCV, oversight and find ways to benefit from LCV operations in each of the affected states and throughout the western United States; and 
Whereas, consenting to a voluntary com-
pact or agreement between the states of Col-orado, Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, Nevada, North Dakota, Okla-homa, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Wash-ington and Wyoming will allow these states to establish uniform size and weight limits for LCVs, which are not to exceed one hun-dred twenty-nine thousand (129,000) pounds gross vehicle combination weight or one hundred (100) foot cargo carrying length, and adopt LCV routes, configurations and oper-ating conditions: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Members of the Legislature of 
the State of Wyoming: 
Section 1. That Congress is urged to lift 
the freeze on longer commercial vehicles for the affected Western states, including Wyo-ming, in order to take advantage of new transportation strategies to improve high-way efficiency and reduce vehicle miles trav-eled, traffic congestion, fuel consumption and air pollution emissions. 
Section 2. That Congress consent to the 
creation of voluntary compact or agreement between the states. of Colorado, Idaho, Kan-sas, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, Ne-vada, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Da-kota, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wyoming that will establish uniform LCV size capac-ity, routes, configurations and operating conditions. 
Section 3. That the Secretary of State of 
Wyoming transmit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States Congress and to the Wyoming Con-gressional Delegation. 
POM–24. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Wyoming calling on the United States Congress, state, and local authorities to take action to prevent further damage and remediate damages caused by free-roaming feral horses on rangelands in the West and to develop effec-tive fertility control methods to reduce the populations of free-roaming feral horses in the West; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
H
OUSE ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION 3 
Whereas, Wyoming has recognized the Wild 
and Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act of 1971 and free-roaming horses are defined as feral under W.S. 11–48–101(a) (iii); and 
Whereas, the federal Bureau of Land Man-
agement (BLM) estimates that almost fifty thousand (50,000) feral horses roam BLM managed rangelands in the West, with nearly three thousand (3,000) of those feral horses, the majority of which descend from animals turned out by ranchers, roaming public rangelands in Wyoming; and 
Whereas, free-roaming feral horses have 
virtually no natural predators in Wyoming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Mar 01, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S06MY5.REC S06MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2686 May 6, 2015 
nor the West and BLM evidence suggests the 
population of feral horses can double in size about every four (4) years if left uncon-trolled; and 
Whereas, BLM estimates that the current 
free-roaming population of feral horses sig-nificantly exceeds the number that can exist in healthy balance with other public range-land resources and uses, including wildlife and domestic livestock grazing; and 
Whereas, free-roaming feral horses, among 
other things, trample and destroy vegeta-tion, hard-pack soil, over-graze and decimate riparian areas causing degradation in areas that provide important habitat for native species such as pronghorn, mule deer, big-horn sheep and sage grouse; and 
Whereas, the state of Wyoming has a feder-
ally approved sage grouse conservation plan, the efficacy of which is being compromised by continuing habitat damage resulting from free-roaming horses; and 
Whereas, the number of free-roaming feral 
horses removed from public rangelands in the West by BLM in compliance with the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act of 1971, now far exceeds the number of feral horses adopted or sold; and 
Whereas, those feral horses not adopted by 
the public are held in long-term pastures or short-term corrals, costing BLM nationally an estimated fifty-eight million dollars ($58,000,000.00) per year; and 
Whereas, evidence suggests the develop-
ment and use of effective fertility control methods can limit the populations of free- roaming feral horses, lessen the need to re-move free-roaming feral horses from the state’s rangelands, improve the health of the rangelands in the West, conserve wildlife habitat and save taxpayers money; and 
Whereas, the following reports provide, 
among other things, data, statistics and rec-ommended strategies to manage free-roam-ing feral horses in the West and protect the state’s rangeland resources and uses: Range- wide Interagency Sage-grouse Conservation Team, Near-Term Greater Sage-Grouse Con-servation Action Plan (September 2012); Ted Williams, Horse Sense, Audubon (September/ October 2006); David Ganskopp and Martin Vavra, Habitat Use by Feral Horses in the Northern Sagebrush Steppe, Journal of Range Management Volume 39(3) (May 1986); K.W. Davies and C.S. Boyd, Effects on Feral Free-Roaming Horses on Semi-Arid Range-land Ecosystems: An Example from the Sagebrush Steppe, Ecosphere Volume 5(10) (October 2014); Linda Zeigenfuss et al., Influ-ence of Nonnative and Native Ungulate Bio-mass and Seasonal Precipitation on Vegeta-tion Production in a Great Basin Ecosystem, Western North American Naturalist Volume 74(3) (2014); Erik Beever and Peter Brussard, Examining Ecological Consequences of Feral Horse Grazing Using Exclosures, Western North American Naturalist Volume 60(3) (2000); Kelly Crane et al., Habitat Selection Patterns of Feral Horses in Southcentral Wyoming, Journal of Range Management Volume 50(4) (July 1997); Erik Beever, Man-agement Implications of the Ecology of Free-Roaming Horses in Semi-Arid Eco-systems of the Western United States, Wild-life Society Bulletin Volume 31(3) (2003); and Erik Beever and Cameron Aldridge, Influ-ences of Free-Roaming Equids on Sagebrush Ecosystems, with a Focus on Greater Sage- Grouse, Studies in Avian Biology Volume 38 (2011): Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Members of the Legislature of 
the State of Wyoming: 
Section 1. That the Wyoming Legislature 
calls on Congress and federal agencies to adequately fund and support all efforts to manage free-roaming feral horses on range-lands in the West at the appropriate manage-ment level, utilizing all management and control methods authorized by Section 3(d) 
of the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act. 
Section 2. That the Wyoming Legislature 
calls on Congress in conjunction with all ap-propriate state and local governments to en-gage in cooperative efforts to remediate and minimize the environmental impact of free- roaming feral horses on rangelands in the West. These efforts should include the devel-opment and use of effective fertility control methods to reduce the free-roaming popu-lations of feral horses on rangelands in the West. 
Section 3. That the Wyoming Legislature 
calls on Congress to prohibit the reintroduc-tion of feral horses back onto the western rangelands outside the current herd manage-ment areas, nor onto existing herdo manage-ment areas at or above the authorized man-agement levels. 
Section 4. That the Wyoming Legislature 
calls on Congress and federal agencies to prioritize these requested management ac-tivities to the sage grouse core areas and pri-ority habitat strongholds in order to reduce the possibility of an endangered listing for the sage grouse and to stop the resource- damage now occurring. 
Section 5. That the Secretary of State of 
Wyoming transmit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States Congress, to the Wyoming Congres-sional Delegation, the Secretary of the Inte-rior, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Land Management and the Director of the Wyoming Office of the Bureau of Land Man-agement. 
POM–25. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts memorializing the President of the United States and the United States Congress to es-tablish a Presidential Youth Council; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
R
ESOLUTIONS  
Whereas, Young people have always played 
an important role in the nation’s history and development but continue to play a dis-proportionately small role in American gov-ernment; and 
Whereas, Just over 
1⁄3of the United States 
population is comprised of Americans age 24 and under; and 
Whereas, Youth participation, involvement 
and engagement should be universally recog-nized as safeguards of democracy but the ex-isting mechanisms of the Federal Govern-ment are designed in ways that inhibit youth participation, leading to the underrepresen-tation of young people in the policymaking process; and 
Whereas, Policy decisions made today will 
have a profound impact on future genera-tions and all Americans should have a voice in government, especially with regard to policies that directly affect them; and 
Whereas, A Presidential Youth Council 
would offer young persons in America with a means of sharing their perspectives and voic-ing their opinions at the highest level of gov-ernment while also providing the President and Congress with a bipartisan source of in-formation on the concerns facing youths across the country; and 
Whereas, Members of Congress, governors, 
state legislatures and mayors have created youth councils that have proven to be effec-tive means of receiving input from young people and have lead to more efficient poli-cies and practices affecting young people: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved , That the Massachusetts General 
Court hereby encourages the creation of a Presidential Youth Council to advise the 
President and Congress on the perspectives of young people, to assist in the design and implementation of youth policies and to allow young people to provide solutions on the most pressing issues facing the future of America; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions 
be transmitted forthwith by the Clerk of the Senate to the President of the United States, to the Presiding Officer of each branch of Congress and to the Members thereof from the commonwealth. 
POM–26. A resolution adopted by the Leg-
islature of the State of California urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to work together to create a comprehensive and workable ap-proach to reform the nation’s immigration system according to specified principles; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 2 
Whereas, This country was built by immi-
grants seeking a better life; and 
Whereas, Estimates suggest that there are 
11 million undocumented immigrants living in the shadows in the United States, includ-ing millions of children brought to this coun-try undocumented who have grown up here, call the United States home, and are suf-fering from our dysfunctional immigration policy; and 
Whereas, A logical and streamlined path to 
citizenship for individuals after they gain legal status would stimulate the economy by allowing these individuals to get college de-grees and driver’s licenses, buy homes, start new companies, and create legal, tax-paying jobs, affording them a chance at the Amer-ican Dream; and 
Whereas, The United States Congress last 
enacted major immigration legislation more than 25 years ago; and 
Whereas, Since that time, fragmented at-
tempts at immigration reform have failed to create the rational and effective systems needed to maintain international competi-tiveness. Whether in industries like agri-culture, which requires large numbers of workers able to perform physically demand-ing tasks, or in industries like technology or health care, where the demand for employees with advanced degrees is projected to exceed supply within the next five years, immigra-tion policy must be designed to respond to emerging labor needs in all sectors of the United States economy; and 
Whereas, Our national interests and secu-
rity are not served by our outdated, ineffi-cient, and slow-moving immigration system. Patchwork attempts to mend its deficiencies undermine our potential for prosperity and leave us vulnerable and unable to meet the needs of the modern world; and 
Whereas, Labor mobility is crucial to our 
economic prosperity and our country’s re-covery from the economic crisis. Yet our rigid, outdated immigration policies are making it difficult for our companies and our nation to compete. Information released in a study by the University of California, Los Angeles, states that legalizing the status of undocumented immigrants working and living in the United States would create ap-proximately $1.5 trillion in additional gross domestic product growth over the next 10 years and increase wages for all workers. An-other study by the University of California, Davis, indicates that the last large wave of immigrants, from 1990 to 2007, inclusive, raised the income of a native-born American worker by an average of $5,000; and 
Whereas, California has the largest share 
of immigrants in the country. These immi-grants are a vital and productive part of our state’s economy and are active in a variety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.008 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2687 May 6, 2015 
of industries, including technology, biotech, 
hospitality, agriculture, construction, serv-ices, transportation, and textiles. They also represent a large share of our new small business owners and create economic prop-erty and needed jobs for everyone; and 
Whereas, Keeping these families, business 
owners, and hard workers in the shadows of society serves no one; and 
Whereas, Our state, for economic, social, 
health, security, and prosperity reasons, must support policies that allow individuals to become legal and enfranchised partici-pants in our society and economy; and 
Whereas, Comprehensive immigration re-
form should include a reasonable and timely path to citizenship for undocumented immi-grants who are already living and working in the United States. Immigration reform should also include comprehensive back-ground checks, require demonstrated pro-ficiency in English and payment of all cur-rent and back taxes, and have the flexibility to respond to emerging business trends; and 
Whereas, The Migration Policy Institute, a 
nonpartisan research group in Washington, D.C., estimates that in 2012, the federal gov-ernment spent $18 billion on immigration en-forcement, and since 2004, the number of United States Border Patrol agents has dou-bled; and 
Whereas, Increased enforcement has given 
the federal government the ability to prioritize the deportation of lawbreakers and dangerous individuals and to ensure our bor-der’s security. Nevertheless, this enforce-ment should not be done in an inhumane way; and 
Whereas, Immigration enforcement should 
continue to focus on criminals, not on hard-working immigrant families, and not at the expense of effective trade with two of our top three economic partners; and 
Whereas, The United States loses large 
numbers of necessary, highly skilled workers due to the lengthy and complicated processes currently in place to get or keep a legal resi-dency option; and 
Whereas, Reform should include an expe-
dited process for those residing abroad and applying for legal visas. Additionally, reform should offer permanent residency opportuni-ties to international students in American universities who are highly trained and in high demand, and in so doing avoid an intel-lectual vacuum after their graduation; and 
Whereas, Reform should recognize the soci-
etal and cultural benefits of keeping the family unit intact. The system should take into account special circumstances sur-rounding candidates for probationary legal status, such as those of minors who were brought to the country as children or work-ers whose labor is essential to maintain our country’s competitiveness: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of 
the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-
lature urges the President and the Congress of the United States to work together and create a comprehensive and workable ap-proach to solving our nation’s historically broken immigration system, using the prin-ciples described in this resolution; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate 
transmit copies of this resolution to the President and the Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Rep-resentative from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–27. A resolution adopted by the Leg-
islature of Rockland County, New York, urg-ing the United States Senate to introduce and pass legislation similar to H.R. 343, that would allow volunteer firefighters and emer-
gency medical and rescue personnel to claim services as a charitable contribution to their department; to the Committee on Finance. 
POM–28. A resolution adopted by the 
Tompkins County Legislature of the State of New York asking the United States Congress and the President of the United States to halt the ‘‘Fast-Track’’ process of the Trans- Pacific Partnership, and instead, to allow the Trans-Pacific Partnership a fully trans-parent, public debate in Congress until its impact are fully assessed by all stakeholders, in order to protect the rights of the people of Tompkins County, the best interests of local businesses and workforce, the health of the environment, and the sovereignty of all lev-els of government; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
H.R. 651. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’. 
S. 179. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’. 
S. 994. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
*David Michael Bennett, of North Carolina, 
to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2018. 
*Mickey D. Barnett, of New Mexico, to be 
a Governor of the United States Postal Serv-ice for a term expiring December 8, 2020. 
*Stephen Crawford, of Maryland, to be a 
Governor of the United States Postal Service for the remainder of the term expiring De-cember 8, 2015. 
*Stephen Crawford, of Maryland, to be a 
Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2022. 
*James C. Miller, III, of Virginia, to be a 
Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2017. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. L EE, and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. 1200. A bill to promote competition and 
help consumers save money by giving them the freedom to choose where they buy pre-scription pet medications, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 1201. A bill to advance the integration of 
clean distributed energy into electric grids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 1202. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to assist States in adopting updated interconnection procedures and tariff schedules and stand-ards for supplemental, backup, and standby power fees for projects for combined heat and power technology and waste heat to power technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. V ITTER , 
Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 1203. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the processing by the Department of Veterans Affairs of claims for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ): 
S. 1204. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to enter into an agreement to pro-vide for management of the free-roaming wild horses in and around the Currituck Na-tional Wildlife Refuge; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and 
Mrs. C
APITO ): 
S. 1205. A bill to designate the same indi-
vidual serving as the Chief Nurse Officer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1206. A bill to address the concept of 
‘‘Too Big To Fail’’ with respect to certain fi-nancial entities; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1207. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a grant program under which the Secretary shall make grants to el-igible partnerships to provide for the trans-formation of the electric grid by the year 2030, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 1208. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to require gas pipeline facilities to accelerate the repair, rehabilitation, and replacement of high-risk pipelines used in commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 1209. A bill to establish State revolving 
loan funds to repair or replace natural gas distribution pipelines; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 1210. A bill to provide for the timely 
consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with 
respect to oil and gas production and dis-tribution; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself, Mr. 
W
ICKER , Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. S TABE -
NOW): 
S. 1211. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide that payment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.028 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2688 May 6, 2015 
under the Medicare program to a long-term 
care hospital for inpatient services shall not be made at the applicable site neutral pay-ment rate for certain discharges involving severe wounds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C RAPO , 
Mr. T HUNE , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. R ISCH, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. 
COLLINS , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 1212. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 1213. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 and the Fed-eral Power Act to facilitate the free market for distributed energy resources; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
G
RAHAM , Ms. C OLLINS , and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ): 
S. 1214. A bill to prevent human health 
threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1215. A bill to amend the Methane Hy-
drate Research and Development Act of 2000 to provide for the development of methane hydrate as a commercially viable source of energy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1216. A bill to amend the Natural Gas 
Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1217. A bill to establish an Interagency 
Rapid Response Team for Transmission, to establish an Office of Transmission Ombudsperson, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1218. A bill to establish an interagency 
coordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of En-ergy and the Department of the Interior, fo-cused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1219. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the safe and reliable interconnection of dis-tributed resources and to provide for the ex-amination of the effects of net metering; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1220. A bill to improve the distribution 
of energy in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1221. A bill to amend the Federal Power 
Act to require periodic reports on electricity reliability and reliability impact statements for rules affecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1222. A bill to amend the Federal Power 
Act to provide for reports relating to electric capacity resources of transmission organiza-tions and the amendment of certain tariffs to address the procurement of electric capac-ity resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1223. A bill to amend the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 to improve the loan guarantee program for innovative technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1224. A bill to reconcile differing Federal 
approaches to condensate; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1225. A bill to improve Federal land 
management, resource conservation, envi-ronmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Secretary of the Interior to develop a multipurpose cadas-tre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, duplicate, and out-of-date Fed-eral land inventories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1226. A bill to amend the Mineral Leas-
ing Act and the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands to promote a greater domestic helium supply, to establish a Federal helium leasing program for public land, and to se-cure a helium supply for national defense and Federal researchers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1227. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to develop an implementation strat-egy to promote the development of hybrid micro-grid systems for isolated commu-nities; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ): 
S. 1228. A bill to require approval for the 
construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of oil or natural gas pipelines or electric transmission facilities at the na-tional boundary of the United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or elec-tricity to or from Canada or Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1229. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to submit a plan to implement rec-ommendations to improve interactions be-tween the Department of Energy and Na-tional Laboratories; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1230. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to establish a program under which the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas productions activi-ties; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1231. A bill to require congressional no-
tification for certain Strategic Petroleum Reserve operations and to determine options available for the continued operation of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1232. A bill to amend the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 to modify provisions relating to smart grid moderniza-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1233. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to expand the electric rate-setting authority of States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. D
AINES ): 
S. 1234. A bill to enhance consumer rights 
relating to consumer report disputes by re-quiring provision of documentation provided 
by consumers; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1235. A bill to amend the Alaska Native 
Claims Settlement Act to authorize Re-gional Corporations and Village Corpora-tions to establish energy assistance pro-grams; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1236. A bill to amend the Federal Power 
Act to modify certain requirements relating to trial-type hearings with respect to certain license applications before the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 1237. A bill to amend the Natural Gas 
Act to limit the authority of the Secretary of Energy to approve certain proposals relat-ing to export activities of liquefied natural gas terminals; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
REID, Mr. W ARNER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
HELLER , Mr. K ING, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. 
THUNE ): 
S. Res. 170. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Travel and Tour-ism Week and honoring the valuable con-tributions of travel and tourism to the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
CARPER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
SCOTT, Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. Res. 171. A resolution congratulating the 
students, parents, teachers, and administra-tors of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 16th annual National Charter Schools Week, to be held May 3 through May 9, 2015; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
RUBIO, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. S COTT, 
Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. H OEVEN ): 
S. Res. 172. A resolution honoring the vital 
role of small businesses and the passion of entrepreneurs in the United States during ‘‘National Small Business Week’’, from May 4, through May 8, 2015; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and 
Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. Res. 173. A resolution condemning atroc-
ities committed by Bashar al-Assad of Syria and his regime, and for other purposes; con-sidered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 85 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.011 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2689 May 6, 2015 
WICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
85, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish a sim-plified income-driven repayment plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
338, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
366, a bill to require Senate candidates to file designations, statements, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 386, a bill to limit the author-ity of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 507 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
507, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to permit employers to pay higher wages to their employees. 
S. 607 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 607, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, and for other purposes. 
S. 676 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
676, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent tax-related identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 681, a bill to amend 
title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. L ANKFORD ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Ms. W ARREN ), the Senator 
from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the 
Senator from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) 
and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as cosponsors of S. 
746, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 783 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 783, a bill to provide for media coverage of Federal court proceedings. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose moni-toring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for sys-tematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological dis-eases. 
S. 853 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 853, a bill to improve the effi-ciency and reliability of rail transpor-tation by reforming the Surface Trans-portation Board, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1043 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1043, a bill to ensure that transportation and infrastructure projects carried out using Federal fi-nancial assistance are constructed with steel, iron, and manufactured goods that are produced in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1088 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1088, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for voter reg-istration through the Internet, and for other purposes. 
S. 1117 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1117, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the au-thority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to remove senior executives of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct to include removal of certain other employees of the Department, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1127 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1127, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the de-nial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1136 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1136, a bill relating to the mod-ernization of C–130 aircraft to meet ap-plicable regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1142 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 1142, a bill to clarify that noncommercial spe-cies found entirely within the borders of a single State are not in interstate commerce or subject to regulation under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 or any other provision of law en-acted as an exercise of the power of Congress to regulate interstate com-merce. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1193 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1193, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.013 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2690 May 6, 2015 
and expand the temporary minimum 
credit rate for the low-income housing tax credit program. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1232. A bill to amend the Energy 
Independence and Security Act of 2007 to modify provisions relating to smart grid modernization, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
am proud to introduce the Smart Grid Act of 2015. 
America’s trillion-dollar electricity 
grid is ill-equipped to meet the needs of the future. Grid outages and interrup-tions are estimated to cost taxpayers $150 billion annually, according to the U.S. Department of Energy DOE. At the same time, electricity demand is expected to grow 24 percent by 2040 and electricity costs for American con-sumers are expected to increase 18 per-cent over that same period. 
Yet the news is not all grim, the U.S. 
Department of Energy estimates that $46 billion to $117 billion could be saved in the avoided construction costs of power plants and transmission lines over 20 years, if the United States tran-sitions to ‘‘smart grid’’ technologies. 
This bill promotes a more efficient 
and flexible electricity grid—an elec-tricity grid that supports low-cost re-newable energy, electric vehicles and energy storage, and helps consumers save money while reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The bill extends cost- share grant programs created in the Energy Independence and Savings Act of 2007, EISA2007, and sets DOE on a path to help create technology commu-nication standards that will pave the way for innovation in new household appliances and save consumer dollars. 
Specifically, the bill will establish 
two DOE competitive grant programs to promote the modernization of the electricity grid. Among critical areas identified by the electricity industry, the new authorizations will promote grid efficiency and real time rate ad-justments, in addition to driving inno-vations and deployment of new energy 
technologies. The grant programs would require an equal matching in-vestment from the grant recipient to ensure that beneficiaries are also held accountable. The grant recipients will be required to exchange information and ideas to further the development of a modernized electric grid. The bill will also direct DOE to begin developing standards for data sharing and commu-nication between electricity users and providers on the grid, to improve grid efficiency and reliability. 
I encourage my colleagues to review 
and ultimately support this legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 1232 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Smart Grid 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SMART GRID INTEROPERABILITY WORK-
ING GROUP. 
Section 1303 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17383) is amended— 
(1) by striking the section designation and 
heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1303. SMART GRID ADVISORY COMMITTEE; 
SMART GRID TASK FORCE; SMART GRID INTEROPERABILITY WORKING GROUP.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) S MART GRIDINTEROPERABILITY WORK-
INGGROUP .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this 
paragraph, the Secretary, in collaboration with the National Institute of Standards and Technology of the Department of Commerce, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and the Smart Grid Interoper-ability Panel, shall establish a working group, to be known as the ‘Smart Grid Inter-operability Working Group’— 
‘‘(A) to identify additional efforts the Fed-
eral Government can take to better promote the establishment and adoption of open standards that enhance connectivity and interoperability on the electric grid; 
‘‘(B) to study the market and policy bar-
riers to deploying responsive appliances at scale; and 
‘‘(C) to develop a plan for establishing and 
promoting the widespread adoption of inter-operability standards. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Smart Grid Inter-
operability Working Group shall include such representatives as the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate from— 
‘‘(A) appliance manufacturers; ‘‘(B) utilities; ‘‘(C) software providers; ‘‘(D) energy efficiency and environmental 
stakeholders; and 
‘‘(E) relevant Federal departments and 
agencies. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Smart Grid Interoperability Working Group shall submit to the Sec-retary a report that describes the initial findings and recommendations of the Smart Grid Interoperability Working Group, as de-scribed in paragraph (1).’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘and Smart Grid Task Force’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Smart Grid Task Force, and the Smart Grid Interoper-ability Working Group’’. 
SEC. 3. SMART GRID TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, AND DEMONSTRA-TION PROGRAM POLICY. 
Section 1304 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17384) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the second sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘and lessons learned from demonstration projects implemented under this section’’ before the period at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to identify best practices for the im-
plementation of the Fair Information Prac-tice Principles (FIPPS) of the Federal Trade 
Commission for the collection, use, disclo-sure, and retention of individual customer information.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking the subparagraph designa-
tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘the initiative’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Ini-
tiative, subject to clause (ii)’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—In selecting smart 
grid demonstration projects to receive as-sistance under this subparagraph, the Sec-retary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable— 
‘‘(I) geographical diversity; and ‘‘(II) diversity among types of electricity 
markets and regulatory environments.’’; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (F) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively; 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) 
the following: 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL DEMONSTRATION PROJECT  
FUNDING .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Ini-
tiative, in addition to financial assistance provided under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall provide grants, on a competitive basis, for demonstration projects in any of the following 7 program areas: 
‘‘(I) T
RANSACTIVE ENERGY .—Projects that 
implement a system of economic or control mechanisms that optimizes the dynamic bal-ance of supply and demand across the elec-trical infrastructure, using economic value as a key operational parameter. 
‘‘(II) I
NNOVATION IN VALUATION OF NEW  
TECHNOLOGY GRID SERVICES AND EFFICIENCY .— 
Projects that implement innovative ways of valuing the grid services provided by demand response, energy efficiency, distributed gen-eration, electric vehicles, and storage. 
‘‘(III) R
ATE DESIGN –DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM .— 
Projects that implement rates, such as 3- part rates, to equitably ensure cost-recovery and the reliability of the distribution grid, while also supporting the increased penetra-tion of distributed generation, storage, and electric vehicles. 
‘‘(IV) R
ATE DESIGN –CONSUMER ACCEPTANCE  
OF TIME -BASED PRICING .—Projects that— 
‘‘(aa) study consumer adoption of time- 
based retail electricity rates through the im-plementation of time-based rates, in con-junction with randomized control trials; and 
‘‘(bb) may— ‘‘(AA) provide to customers a range of 
time-based pricing options, as well as op-tions to adopt enabling technology; and 
‘‘(BB) implement a heterogeneity of mar-
keting and outreach approaches. 
‘‘(V) E
NERGY STORAGE .—Projects that dem-
onstrate innovative approaches for using en-ergy storage for grid services, including— 
‘‘(aa) flexibility; and ‘‘(bb) the integration of intermittent re-
newable energy. 
‘‘(VI) S
MART ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARGING .— 
Projects that— 
‘‘(aa) demonstrate innovative approaches 
for integrating electric vehicles into grid op-erations; or 
‘‘(bb) produce, test, and certify to IEEE/UL 
standards bidirectional power electronics for electric vehicles. 
‘‘(VII) O
THER PROGRAM AREA .—Projects in 1 
additional program area that the Secretary may identify, by regulation. 
‘‘(ii) P
RIORITY REQUIREMENTS .—In selecting 
demonstration projects to receive grants under clause (i), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.014 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2691 May 6, 2015 
‘‘(I) for demonstration projects described 
in subclause (I) of clause (i), projects that— 
‘‘(aa) incorporate real-time prices and 
technologies that allow prices to be directly delivered to end-user devices (an approach commonly known as ‘prices to devices’); or 
‘‘(bb) advance device visibility in grid sys-
tem operations; 
‘‘(II) for demonstration projects described 
in subclause (II) of clause (i), projects that address valuation of ancillary services, ca-pacity, and services offered in price-respon-sive markets; 
‘‘(III) for demonstration projects described 
in subclause (III) of clause (i), projects that assess— 
‘‘(aa) the impact of the rates described in 
that subclause on customer electricity con-sumption patterns; 
‘‘(bb) customer interest and enrollment in 
the new rates; 
‘‘(cc) the impact of rates on the economics 
of distributed generation and storage; 
‘‘(dd) the impact of rates on consumer 
adoption patterns of distributed generation and storage; or 
‘‘(ee) the effectiveness of various edu-
cational outreach measures in presenting the rates to customers; 
‘‘(IV) for demonstration projects described 
in subclause (IV) of clause (i), projects that— 
‘‘(aa) investigate the effects on customer 
participation and satisfaction rates of— 
‘‘(AA) choice architecture, such as default-
ing to an opt-in, versus an opt-out, program; and 
‘‘(BB) enabling technology; or ‘‘(bb) demonstrate how the lessons learned 
from the study described in that subclause can be used to develop a rate transition plan that facilitates significant and lasting en-rollment in the new rates with a high degree of customer satisfaction; 
‘‘(V) for demonstration projects described 
in subclause (V) of clause (i), projects that maximize— 
‘‘(aa) benefits to intermittent renewable 
energy generation; and 
‘‘(bb) the range of grid services provided by 
storage; and 
‘‘(VI) for demonstration projects described 
in subclause (VI) of clause (i), projects that demonstrate methods of— 
‘‘(aa) maximizing the grid services pro-
vided by electric vehicles; and 
‘‘(bb) minimizing load spikes and grid costs 
associated with electric vehicles.’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (C) (as redesignated by 
clause (ii))— 
(I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) shall be 
carried out’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B) shall be— 
‘‘(i) carried out’’; (II) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) given priority in selection for assist-
ance based on the extent to which the project demonstrates strong collaboration among— 
‘‘(I) State energy agencies; ‘‘(II) State public utility and public service 
commissions; 
‘‘(III) electric utilities; ‘‘(IV) power aggregators; and ‘‘(V) if applicable, independent system op-
erators, regional transmission organizations, or wholesale market operators.’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (D) (as redesignated by 
clause (ii)), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’; 
(vi) in subparagraph (E) (as redesignated 
by clause (ii)), by striking the subparagraph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘No person’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(E) E
LIGIBILITY FOR OTHER FUNDING .— ‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A person or entity that 
receives financial assistance for a dem-onstration project in any program area de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of subparagraph (B)(i) may be eligible to receive assistance under any other such program area, if the person or entity establishes to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary a synergy between the program areas. 
‘‘(ii) I
NELIGIBILITY .—No person’’; and 
(vii) in subparagraph (F) (as redesignated 
by clause (ii))— 
(I) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The 
Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) E STABLISHMENT OF CLEARINGHOUSE .— 
The Secretary’’; 
(II) by striking the second sentence and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(ii) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—As a con-
dition of receiving financial assistance under this subsection, a utility or other partici-pant in a smart grid demonstration project shall provide such information as the Sec-retary may require, to become available through the smart grid information clearing-house and for purposes of producing the re-ports described in subclauses (IV) and (V) of clause (iv), in such form and at such time as the Secretary may require.’’; 
(III) in the third sentence, by striking 
‘‘The Secretary shall assure’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(iii) P
ROTECTED INFORMATION .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure’’; and 
(IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) W
ORKING GROUPS .— 
‘‘(I) E STABLISHMENT .—For each program 
area described in subparagraph (A) or any of subclauses (I) through (VII) of subparagraph (B)(i), the Secretary shall establish a work-ing group, to be composed of representatives of each project selected to receive assistance within that program area. 
‘‘(II) M
EETINGS .—Each working group es-
tablished under subclause (I) shall meet not less frequently than once every 90 days. 
‘‘(III) P
ARTICIPATION REQUIRED .—As a con-
dition of receiving financial assistance under this subsection, the owner or operator of a demonstration project shall designate a rep-resentative of the project to serve as a mem-ber of the applicable working group estab-lished under subclause (I), including by at-tending each meeting of the working group under subclause (II). 
‘‘(IV) R
EPORTS .—Each working group es-
tablished under subclause (I) shall submit to the Secretary reports regarding the dem-onstrations projects carried out by members of the working group, at such times and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(V) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pe-
riodically publish reports and other appro-priate informational materials for use, with-in each program area described in subclause (I), by— 
‘‘(aa) State regulators; ‘‘(bb) wholesale market operators; ‘‘(cc) electric utilities; and ‘‘(dd) such other individuals and entities as 
the Secretary determines to be appro-priate.’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL MATCHING FUND FOR SMART 
GRID INVESTMENT COSTS. 
Section 1306(f) of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17386(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1233. A bill to amend the Public 
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to expand the electric rate-setting au-thority of States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
rise to introduce the PURPA PLUS Act. 
In my home State we have numerous 
emerging small renewable energy tech-nologies, such as wave energy buoys, hydropower turbines in irrigation ca-nals, biomass burning cogeneration fa-
cilities and rooftop solar installations. Like Oregon, many States have sought to advance such new electricity tech-nologies by allowing utilities to pay higher than normal power purchase rates, called ‘‘incentive rates’’, for power from these desirable tech-nologies. Incentive rates allow individ-uals and small businesses deploying these desirable technologies to recover the money they invest in the infra-structure, such as solar panels or other electricity generation equipment, over a reasonable period of time. The ability of States to award such incentive rates for small projects is currently ham-pered by the need to go through a case- by-case review process before the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC. 
The PURPA PLUS Act simply pro-
vides States the legal authority to set incentive rates for small renewable en-ergy projects. Currently, under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, PURPA, the FERC regulates the price that utility companies pay for electricity from small, independent power providers. Such prices can be no higher than what it would normally cost a utility company either to gen-erate or to buy additional power from the lowest cost provider. This struc-ture sets a limit on prices that is often too low for small renewable energy projects to be financially viable, de-spite other clear benefits they provide, such as local job creation, lower invest-ment in high-voltage transmission lines, diversity in an area’s power gen-eration portfolio, and the environ-mental benefits of green energy. 
PURPA PLUS would transfer the au-
thority for setting power purchase rates for small power projects of less than 2 megawatts from FERC to the States on a voluntary basis. If a State chose to exercise this authority to pro-mote small wind energy development, or solar, or cogeneration projects, it could. If a State chose not to use this authority, FERC would continue to regulate these projects as before. By capping the project size at 2 megawatts, PURPA PLUS only extends this new authority for small projects that are providing very small amounts of power to the local utility company, leaving regulation of large wind farms, hydropower and other large renewable energy projects unchanged. 
While I acknowledge that the power 
from these small projects may be more expensive than a large central genera-tion station powered by coal or gas, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.016 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2692 May 6, 2015 
believe that States, if they choose, 
should be able to consider the associ-ated benefits of small renewable power and set higher prices, when the market demands such action and when the ben-efits outweigh the costs. 
I urge my colleagues to review and 
ultimately to support this legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1233 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘PURPA’s 
Legislative Upgrade to State Authority Act’’ or ‘‘PURPA PLUS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— 
(1) section 210 of the Public Utility Regu-
latory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a–3)— 
(A) established a new class of nonutility 
generators known as ‘‘qualifying cogenera-tion facilities’’ and ‘‘qualifying small power production facilities’’; and 
(B) encouraged the development of alter-
nate sources of energy with the requirement that utilities purchase energy offered by qualifying facilities; 
(2) since the date of enactment of that sec-
tion, materials and designs for qualifying fa-cility technologies have advanced and placed renewable resources and cogeneration facili-ties within the reach of more consumers, in-cluding technologies such as— 
(A) solar photovoltaic panels; (B) small wind turbines; (C) storage technologies to support renew-
able energy; 
(D) small hydroelectric generators on ex-
isting dams, diversions, and conduits; 
(E) hydrokinetic generators; (F) gas microturbines; (G) steam-cycle turbines; (H) Stirling engines; (I) fuel cells; and (J) biomass boilers; (3) States need additional regulatory flexi-
bility and authority to be able to incentivize the qualifying facilities; and 
(4) the avoided cost caps on qualifying fa-
cilities should be removed so that States can set the rates for qualifying facilities of not more than 2 megawatts capacity. 
SEC. 3. STATE AUTHORITY TO INCENTIVIZE 
QUALIFYING FACILITIES. 
Section 210(b) of the Public Utility Regu-
latory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a– 3(b)) is amended in the last sentence by in-serting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except that the rule shall provide that a State regulatory authority or non-regulated electric utility, acting under State authority, may set rates that exceed the in-cremental cost of alternative electric energy for purchases from any qualifying cogenera-tion facility or qualifying small power pro-duction facility of not more than 2 megawatts capacity’’. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 170—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WEEK AND HON-ORING THE VALUABLE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF TRAVEL AND TOURISM TO THE UNITED STATES 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
REID, Mr. W ARNER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
HELLER , Mr. K ING, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. T HUNE ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 170 
Whereas National Travel and Tourism 
Week was established in 1983 through the en-actment of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution to designate the week be-ginning May 27, 1984, as ‘National Tourism Week’’’, approved November 29, 1983 (Public Law 98–178; 97 Stat. 1126), which recognized the value of travel and tourism; 
Whereas National Travel and Tourism 
Week is celebrated across the United States from May 2 through May 10, 2015; 
Whereas more than 120 travel destinations 
throughout the United States are holding events in honor of National Travel and Tour-ism Week; 
Whereas 1 out of every 9 jobs in the United 
States depends on travel and tourism, and the industry supports 15,000,000 jobs in the United States; 
Whereas the travel and tourism industry 
employs individuals in all 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and all the territories of the United States; 
Whereas international travel to the United 
States is the single largest export industry in the country, generating a trade surplus balance of approximately $74,000,000,000; 
Whereas the travel and tourism industry, 
Congress, and the President have worked to streamline the visa process and make the United States welcoming to visitors from other countries; 
Whereas travel and tourism provide sig-
nificant economic benefits to the United States by generating nearly $2,100,000,000,000 in annual economic output; 
Whereas leisure travel allows individuals 
to experience the rich cultural heritage and educational opportunities of the United States and its communities; and 
Whereas the immense value of travel and 
tourism cannot be overstated: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional Travel and Tourism Week; 
(2) commends the travel and tourism in-
dustry for its important contributions to the United States; and 
(3) commends the employees of the travel 
and tourism industry for their important contributions to the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 171—CON-
GRATULATING THE STUDENTS, PARENTS, TEACHERS, AND AD-MINISTRATORS OF CHARTER SCHOOLS ACROSS THE UNITED STATES FOR MAKING ONGOING CONTRIBUTIONS TO EDUCATION, AND SUPPORTING THE IDEALS AND GOALS OF THE 16TH AN-NUAL NATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOLS WEEK, TO BE HELD MAY 3 THROUGH MAY 9, 2015 
Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
CARPER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. K IRK, Mr. L ANKFORD , 
Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
TILLIS , and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 171 
Whereas charter schools are public schools 
that do not charge tuition and enroll any student who wants to attend, often through a random lottery when the demand for en-rollment is outmatched by the supply of available charter school seats; 
Whereas high-performing public charter 
schools deliver a high-quality public edu-cation and challenge all students to reach the students’ potential for academic success; 
Whereas public charter schools promote in-
novation and excellence in public education; 
Whereas public charter schools throughout 
the United States provide millions of fami-lies with diverse and innovative educational options for children of the families; 
Whereas high-performing public charter 
schools and charter management organiza-tions are increasing student achievement and attendance rates at institutions of high-er education; 
Whereas public charter schools are author-
ized by a designated entity and— 
(1) respond to the needs of communities, 
families, and students in the United States; and 
(2) promote the principles of quality, ac-
countability, choice, high-performance, and innovation; 
Whereas, in exchange for flexibility and 
autonomy, public charter schools are held 
accountable by the authorizers of the char-ter schools for improving student achieve-ment and for sound financial and operational management; 
Whereas public charter schools are re-
quired to meet the student achievement ac-countability requirements under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) in the same man-ner as traditional public schools; 
Whereas public charter schools often set 
higher expectations for students, beyond the requirements of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), to ensure that the charter schools are of high quality and truly accountable to the public; 
Whereas 43 States and the District of Co-
lumbia have enacted laws authorizing public charter schools; 
Whereas, as of the 2014–2015 school year, 
more than 6,700 public charter schools served more than 2,900,000 children; 
Whereas in the United States— 
(1) in 150 school districts, more than 10 per-
cent of public school students are enrolled in public charter schools; and 
(2) in 12 school districts, at least 30 percent 
of public school students are enrolled in pub-lic charter schools; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.026 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2693 May 6, 2015 
Whereas public charter schools improve 
the achievement of students enrolled in the charter schools and collaborate with tradi-tional public schools to improve public edu-cation for all students; 
Whereas public charter schools— 
(1) give parents the freedom to choose pub-
lic schools; 
(2) routinely measure parental satisfaction 
levels; and 
(3) must prove the ongoing success of the 
charter schools to parents, policymakers, and the communities served by the charter schools or risk closure; 
Whereas, between 2010 and 2015, research 
studies have found that students attending public charter schools perform better aca-demically than their peers; 
Whereas at least 500,000 students are on 
waiting lists to attend public charter schools across the country before the start of the 2014–2015 school year; and 
Whereas the 16th annual National Charter 
Schools Week is scheduled to be celebrated the week of May 3 through May 9, 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the students, families, 
teachers, administrators, and staff of public charter schools across the United States for— 
(A) making ongoing contributions to pub-
lic education; 
(B) making impressive strides in closing 
the academic achievement gap in schools in the United States, particularly in schools with some of the most disadvantaged stu-dents in both rural and urban communities; and 
(C) improving and strengthening the public 
school system throughout the United States; 
(2) supports the ideals and goals of the 16th 
annual National Charter Schools Week, a week-long celebration to be held May 3 through May 9, 2015, in communities throughout the United States; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to hold appropriate programs, cere-monies, and activities during National Char-ter Schools Week to demonstrate support for public charter schools. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 172—HON-
ORING THE VITAL ROLE OF SMALL BUSINESSES AND THE PASSION OF ENTREPRENEURS IN THE UNITED STATES DURING ‘‘NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK’’, FROM MAY 4, THROUGH MAY 8, 2015 
Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. C OONS , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. S COTT, Mrs. F ISCHER , 
and Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 172 
Whereas 2015 marks the 52nd anniversary 
of ‘‘National Small Business Week’’, a des-ignation that every President since 1963 has endorsed; 
Whereas, as of 2008, the approximately 
28,400,000 small businesses in the United States, the leading force of the economy of United States, created 63 percent of net new private sector jobs and generated close to 50 percent of the private, non-farm gross do-mestic product of the United States; 
Whereas 22,735,915 of the small businesses 
of the United States have no employees, and 86 percent are sole proprietorships; 
Whereas, as of 2007, 2,450,000 veterans were 
small business owners, which accounted for 9.3 percent of all businesses in the United 
States; 
Whereas, in 2013, veteran small business 
owners accounted for 9 percent of all busi-ness owners and 9 percent of the adult popu-lation in the United States; 
Whereas small businesses owned by women 
increased as a share of total businesses in the United States from 26.4 percent in 1997 to 29.6 percent in 2007, and, as of 2007, totaled nearly 7,800,000 businesses; 
Whereas small businesses employ about 
56,100,000 million people of the United States, which is approximately half of the private workforce of the United States; 
Whereas small businesses account for 37 
percent of employment in the high-tech sec-tor; 
Whereas high-patenting small businesses 
produce 16 times more patents per employee than large patenting firms; 
Whereas small businesses in the United 
States represent nearly 98 percent of all ex-porters and produce 33 percent of the export value of the United States; 
Whereas, on July 30, 1953, Congress created 
the Small Business Administration to aid, counsel, assist, and protect the interests of small businesses in order to preserve free and competitive enterprise, to ensure that a fair proportion of the total sales of Federal Gov-ernment property are made to small busi-nesses, and to maintain and strengthen the overall economy of the United States; 
Whereas, for more than 50 years, the Small 
Business Administration has helped more than 10,000,000 entrepreneurs reach the dream of creating and maintaining a small business, and has played a key role in fos-tering local and national economic growth; and 
Whereas the President has designated the 
week beginning May 4, 2015, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) honors the vital role of small businesses 
and entrepreneurs in the United States dur-ing ‘‘National Small Business Week’’; 
(2) supports the designation of ‘‘National 
Small Business Week’’; 
(3) recognizes the important role of the 
Small Business Administration as a valuable resource for entrepreneurs in the United States; 
(4) supports and encourages young entre-
preneurs to pursue their passions and create more start-up businesses; 
(5) recognizes the importance of creating 
policies that promote a business-friendly en-vironment for small business owners that is free of unnecessary and burdensome regula-tions and red tape; 
(6) recognizes the National Small Business 
Person of the Year and the National Lender of the Year; and 
(7) supports efforts to— (A) encourage consumers to shop locally; 
and 
(B) increase awareness of the value of lo-
cally-owned small businesses and the impact of locally-owned small businesses on the economy of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 173—CON-
DEMNING ATROCITIES COM-MITTED BY BASHAR AL-ASSAD OF SYRIA AND HIS REGIME, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and 
Mr. C ASEY ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 173 
Whereas Bashar al-Assad, through his ac-
tions and decisions, has lost his legitimacy as a leader of the Syrian people; 
Whereas forces loyal to the Assad regime 
have committed war crimes and crimes against humanity, including starvation, sys-tematic murder, torture, rape and sexual vi-olence, enforced disappearance, and used weapons of mass destruction including chem-ical weapons; 
Whereas the actions of the Assad regime 
have egregiously violated international laws of war and shocked the global conscience; 
Whereas the United Nations has docu-
mented the Assad regime’s campaign to de-feat opposition forces by starving rebels and civilians through calculated efforts to cut off food supplies in opposition-controlled areas such as eastern Aleppo and Homs; 
Whereas there is evidence that the Assad 
regime conducted systematic torture and killing of people who were detained by re-gime forces; 
Whereas rape and sexual violence against 
civilians by regime forces has been cited as a primary reason families flee Syria; 
Whereas it has been reported that more 
than 11,000 people have disappeared after being taken into custody by forces loyal to the Assad regime; 
Whereas the Assad regime continues to use 
helicopters to indiscriminately drop barrel bombs, even after the United Nations Secu-rity Council unanimously passed Resolution 2139 on February 22, 2014, that ‘‘[d]emands that all parties immediately cease all at-tacks against civilians, as well as the indis-criminate employment of weapons in popu-lated areas, including shelling and aerial bombardment, such as the use of barrel bombs. . .’’; 
Whereas Syria once possessed one of the 
most advanced chemical weapons programs in the Middle East; 
Whereas there were multiple documented 
cases of chemical attacks committed by the Assad regime, including the deployment of sarin gas in Aleppo in March and April 2013, as well as the devastating sarin and conven-tional attack committed near Damascus in August 2013 that killed more than 1,400 inno-cent civilians, including 426 children; 
Whereas sarin is banned under the Conven-
tion on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling, and Use of Chem-ical Weapons and on their Destruction, done at Paris January 13, 1993, and entered into force April 29, 1997 (commonly known as the ‘‘Chemical Weapons Convention’’); 
Whereas, in September 2013, the Assad re-
gime agreed to eliminate its chemical weap-ons stockpile by handing over all of its chemical weapons to international control, providing inspectors immediate and unfet-tered access to all suspected sites, and allow-ing international forces to destroy the entire stockpile and production facilities; 
Whereas the September 2013 agreement 
mandated that Syria accede to the Chemical Weapons Convention; 
Whereas, after Syria’s accession to the 
Chemical Weapons Convention, there con-tinue to be numerous documented reports that the Assad regime has repeatedly at-tacked civilians, including women and chil-dren, and armed opposition groups with chlo-rine gas, a substance that is banned for use as a weapon under the Chemical Weapons Convention; 
Whereas, on March 6, 2015, the United Na-
tions Security Council passed Resolution 2209 by a vote of 14 in favor, zero against, and 1 abstention condemning in the strongest terms the use of chlorine as a weapon in Syria and vowing that any future use would result in the imposition of Chapter VII meas-ures; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.020 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2694 May 6, 2015 
Whereas, on March 6, 2015, the United 
States Permanent Representative to the United Nations Samantha Power stated, ‘‘Despite having acceded to the Chemical Weapons Convention, the Assad regime has again demonstrated its brutality by turning to chlorine as another barbaric weapon in its arsenal against the Syrian people. . .. Let’s ask ourselves who has helicopters in Syria? Certainly not the opposition. Only the Assad regime does and we have seen them use their helicopters in countless other attacks on in-nocent Syrians using barrel bombs’’; 
Whereas it is clear that Bashar al-Assad 
has repeatedly lied to the international com-munity about using chemical weapons, de-ploying barrel bombs, and targeting civil-ians, demonstrating again and again that he cannot be trusted; 
Whereas internationally recognized tribu-
nals have been used in the past to hold lead-ers accountable for war crimes; 
Whereas the conflict in Syria has resulted 
in the loss of countless innocent lives, has displaced millions of people, and has desta-bilized the Middle East; and 
Whereas the organization known as the Is-
lamic State, the al Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat Al Nusra, and other armed opposition groups have also carried out atrocities in Syria: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
The Senate— 
(1) condemns the actions of Bashar al- 
Assad and his regime for committing brutal acts of violence against the Syrian people, for committing systematic murder, torture, rape and enforced disappearance against the Syrian people, and for using weapons of mass destruction including chemical weapons against the Syrian people; 
(2) condemns the loss of innocent civilian 
life during the course of the civil war in Syria; 
(3) supports the diplomatic efforts of the 
international coalition to drive Bashar al- Assad from office and preserve the institu-tions of government required to restore sta-bility to Syria; and 
(4) objects to any role for Bashar al-Assad 
in any final settlement to the civil war. 
SEC. 2. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this resolution shall be con-
strued as an authorization for the use of military force. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1202. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency serv-ices volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1203. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1202 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended 
to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1204. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1205. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1204 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended 
to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1206. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1207. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1206 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended 
to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1208. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1209. Mr. REID submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1208 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended 
to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1210. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1211. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1210 submitted by Mr. C
ARDIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and 
Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1212. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER  
(for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 
1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1213. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER  
(for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 
1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1214. Mr. LEAHY (for Mr. L
EE) proposed 
an amendment to the bill S. 125, to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the au-thorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partner-ship Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
SA 1215. Mr. INHOFE (for Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY )) proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 1124, to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1202. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This Act shall become effective 1 day after 
enactment. 
SA 1203. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1202 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘1 day’’ and in-
sert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 1204. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This Act shall become effective 3 days 
after enactment. 
SA 1205. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1204 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘3 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 1206. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This Act shall become effective 5 days 
after enactment. 
SA 1207. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1206 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘5 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘6 days’’. 
SA 1208. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This Act shall become effective 7 days 
after enactment. 
SA 1209. Mr. REID submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1208 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.022 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2695 May 6, 2015 
emergency services volunteers are not 
taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘7 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘8 days’’. 
SA 1210. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 13, strike lines 17 through 19 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(ii) may substantially reduce the break-
out time of acquisition of a nuclear weapon by Iran, if deployed. 
SA 1211. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1210 submitted by Mr. C
ARDIN and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. 
CARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volun-teers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 4, of the amendment, strike 
‘‘breakout time of’’ and insert ‘‘breakout time for’’. 
SA 1212. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements 
contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 15, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(L) An assessment of whether any coun-
try is providing to Iran, through sales, leases, or other lending, weapons systems in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1929 (2010) or sophisticated air de-fense systems. 
SA 1213. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, strike line 1 and insert the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(h) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTERCONTI -
NENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
‘‘(A) The Islamic Republic of Iran con-
tinues to advance its intercontinental bal-listic missile (ICBM) program. 
‘‘(B) On February 2, 2015, the Islamic Re-
public of Iran successfully launched its Safir long-range missile system to send a satellite into orbit. 
‘‘(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— 
‘‘(A) remains concerned about the threat 
posed by Iran’s ballistic missile development program to the security of the United States and its allies; and 
‘‘(B) calls on the President to urge the 
Government of Iran to comply with United Nations Security Council resolution 1929 re-garding their intercontinental ballistic mis-sile program. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
SA 1214. Mr. LEAHY (for Mr. L EE) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 125, to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 2, line 11, strike ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
SA 1215. Mr. INHOFE (for Mr. A LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1124, to amend the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act to improve the Act; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘WIOA Tech-
nical Amendments Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO WORKFORCE INNOVA-
TION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF AREAS SERVED BY  
RURAL CONCENTRATED EMPLOYMENT PRO-
GRAMS AS LOCAL AREAS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 106(b) of the 
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3121(b)) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) 
as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) A
REAS SERVED BY RURAL CONCENTRATED  
EMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS .—The Governor may 
approve, under paragraph (2) or (3), a request for designation as a local area from an area described in section 107(c)(1)(C).’’. 
(b) L
OCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARDS .—Section 107(i)(1)(B) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3122(i)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998’’. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY SYS-
TEM.—Section 116 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3141) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)(iv), by striking 
‘‘clause (i)(IV)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)(VI)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘for a pro-
gram described in subsection (d)(2)(A)’’. 
(d) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .—Section 132(b) of 
such Act (29 U.S.C. 3172(b)) is amended, in paragraphs (1)(B)(iv)(I) and (2)(B)(iii)(I), by inserting ‘‘less than’’ after ‘‘fiscal year that is’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 102(b)(2)(D)(i)(III) of such Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3112(b)(2)(D)(i)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 106(b)(5)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 106(b)(6)’’. 
(2) Section 129(b)(1)(C) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3164(b)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(6) and (c)(2) of section 106’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b)(7) and (c)(2) of section 106’’. 
(3) Section 134(a)(2)(B)(ii) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3174(a)(2)(B)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 106(b)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(b)(7)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect as if included in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL COUNCIL 
ON DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 400(b) of the Re-
habilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 780(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) Each member of the National Coun-
cil shall serve for a term of 3 years. 
‘‘(2)(A) No member of the National Council 
may serve more than two consecutive full terms beginning on the date of commence-ment of the first full term on the Council. Members may serve after the expiration of their terms until their successors have taken office. 
‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term 
‘full term’ means a term of 3 years. 
‘‘(3) Any member appointed to fill a va-
cancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which such member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of such term.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall take effect as if enacted 1 day after the date of enactment of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 6, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 6, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Fish and Wild-life Service: The President’s FY2016 Budget Request for the Fish and Wild-life Service and Legislative Hearing on Endangered Species bills.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet, during the session of the Senate, on May 6, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reau-thorizing the Higher Education Act: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.029 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2696 May 6, 2015 
The Role of Consumer Information in 
College Choice.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENT AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 6, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 6, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring an Informed Citizenry: Ex-amining the Administration’s Efforts to Improve Open Government.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 6, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on May 6, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room 428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of Fed-eral Labor and Safety Laws on the U.S. Seafood Industry.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 6, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SH– 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Aging in Place: Can Advances in Technology Help Seniors Live Independently.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON MULTILATERAL INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT , MULTILATERAL IN -
STITUTIONS , AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC , 
ENERGY , AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 6, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing 
entitled ‘‘Subcommittee Oversight of Multilateral and Bilateral Inter-national Development Programs and Policies.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WIOA TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS 
ACT 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 61, S. 1124. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1124) to amend the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Alexander- Murray substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to. I further ask that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 1215) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘WIOA Tech-
nical Amendments Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO WORKFORCE INNOVA-
TION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF AREAS SERVED BY  
RURAL CONCENTRATED EMPLOYMENT PRO-
GRAMS AS LOCAL AREAS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 106(b) of the 
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3121(b)) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) 
as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) A
REAS SERVED BY RURAL CONCENTRATED  
EMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS .—The Governor may 
approve, under paragraph (2) or (3), a request for designation as a local area from an area described in section 107(c)(1)(C).’’. 
(b) L
OCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARDS .—Section 107(i)(1)(B) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3122(i)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998’’. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY SYS-
TEM.—Section 116 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3141) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)(iv), by striking 
‘‘clause (i)(IV)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)(VI)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘for a pro-
gram described in subsection (d)(2)(A)’’. 
(d) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .—Section 132(b) of 
such Act (29 U.S.C. 3172(b)) is amended, in paragraphs (1)(B)(iv)(I) and (2)(B)(iii)(I), by inserting ‘‘less than’’ after ‘‘fiscal year that is’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 102(b)(2)(D)(i)(III) of such Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3112(b)(2)(D)(i)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 106(b)(5)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 106(b)(6)’’. 
(2) Section 129(b)(1)(C) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3164(b)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(6) and (c)(2) of section 106’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b)(7) and (c)(2) of section 106’’. 
(3) Section 134(a)(2)(B)(ii) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3174(a)(2)(B)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 106(b)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(b)(7)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect as if included in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL COUNCIL 
ON DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 400(b) of the Re-
habilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 780(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) Each member of the National Coun-
cil shall serve for a term of 3 years. 
‘‘(2)(A) No member of the National Council 
may serve more than two consecutive full terms beginning on the date of commence-ment of the first full term on the Council. Members may serve after the expiration of their terms until their successors have taken office. 
‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term 
‘full term’ means a term of 3 years. 
‘‘(3) Any member appointed to fill a va-
cancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which such member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of such term.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall take effect as if enacted 1 day after the date of enactment of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The bill (S. 1124), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
CONDEMNING ATROCITIES COM-
MITTED BY BASHAR AL-ASSAD OF SYRIA AND HIS REGIME 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 173. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 173) condemning 
atrocities committed by Bashar al-Assad of Syria and his regime, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 173) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06MY6.031 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2697 May 6, 2015 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 170, National Travel and Tourism Week; S. Res. 171, National Charter Schools Week; and S. Res. 172, National Small Business Week. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 7, 
2015 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 1191, with the time until the cloture vote equally divided in the usual form; finally, that the filing deadline for all second-degree amend-ments to substitute amendment No. 
1140 and H.R. 1191 be at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. INHOFE. Senators should expect 
a cloture vote on the pending sub-stitute amendment at 10:30 a.m. tomor-row. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. INHOFE. If there is no further 
business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:28 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, May 7, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06MY6.046 S06MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E661 May 6, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
May 7, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 11 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland 
Closed business meeting to markup those 
provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
6 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold closed hearings to examine the 
commercial, political, and security im-plications of the U.S.-China Civil Nu-clear Agreement. 
SH–219 
MAY 12 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
Closed business meeting to markup those 
provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 883, to fa-
cilitate the reestablishment of domes-tic, critical mineral designation, as-sessment, production, manufacturing, recycling, analysis, forecasting, work-force, education, and research capabili-
ties in the United States. 
SD–366 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Federal Commu-nications Commission. 
SD–138 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
Closed business meeting to markup those 
provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
Business meeting to markup those provi-
sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–106 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the civil nu-
clear agreement with China, focusing on balancing potential risks and re-wards. 
SD–419 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the imple-
mentation and future of the Veterans Choice Program. 
SR–418 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities 
Business meeting to markup those provi-
sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–106 
5:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel 
Business meeting to markup those provi-
sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–106 
MAY 13 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to markup the 
proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 10 a.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine protecting 
the constitutional right to counsel for indigents charged with misdemeanors. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on fencing, infrastruc-ture, and technology force multipliers. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 986, to 
require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico; to be immediately followed by an over-sight hearing to examine the Bureau of Indian Education, focusing on organi-zational challenges in transforming educational opportunities for Indian children. 
SD–628 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine pending 
benefits legislation. 
SR–418 
MAY 14 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to continue to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine regulatory 
issues impacting end-users and market liquidity. 
SD–106 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Labor Relations Board. 
SD–124 
MAY 15 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to continue to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M06MY8.000 E06MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D500 Wednesday, May 6, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2659–S2697 
Measures Introduced: Thirty-eight bills and four 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1200–1237, and S. Res. 170–173.
           Pages S2687–88 
Measures Reported: 
H.R. 651, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Ave-nue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’. 
S. 179, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar 
Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
S. 994, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2687 
Measures Passed: 
Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program 
Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 125, to 
amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, after agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
     Pages S2670–72 
Leahy (for Lee) Amendment No. 1214, to modify 
the authorization of appropriations.          Pages S2671–72 
WIOA Technical Amendments Act: Senate passed 
S. 1124, to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S2696 
Inhofe (for Alexander/Murray) Amendment No. 
1215, in the nature of a substitute.                  Page S2696 
Condemning Atrocities Committed by Bashar 
al-Assad of Syria: Senate agreed to S. Res. 173, 
condemning atrocities committed by Bashar al-Assad of Syria and his regime.
                                         Page S2696 
National Travel and Tourism Week: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 170, supporting the goals and ideals of National Travel and Tourism Week and 
honoring the valuable contributions of travel and tourism to the United States.
                              Page S2697 
National Charter Schools Week: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 171, congratulating the students, parents, 
teachers, and administrators of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 16th annual National Charter Schools Week, to be held May 3 through May 9, 2015.
            Page S2697 
National Small Business Week: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 172, honoring the vital role of small busi-nesses and the passion of entrepreneurs in the United States during ‘‘National Small Business Week’’, from May 4, through May 8, 2015.
                            Page S2697 
Measures Considered: 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency 
Responders Act—Agreement: Senate continued 
consideration of H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                         Page S2663 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S2663 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1179 (to Amend-
ment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agreement.
                         Page S2663 
Blunt Amendment No. 1155 (to Amendment No. 
1140), to extend the requirement for annual Depart-ment of Defense reports on the military power of Iran.
                                                                                  Page S2663 
Vitter Modified Amendment No. 1186 (to 
Amendment No. 1179), to require an assessment of inadequacies in the international monitoring and verification system as they relate to a nuclear agree-ment with Iran.
                                                          Page S2663 
Cotton Amendment No. 1197 (to the language 
proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1140), of a perfecting nature.
                                             Page S2663 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06MY5.REC D06MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D501 May 6, 2015 
Cotton (for Rubio) Amendment No. 1198 (to 
Amendment No. 1197), to require a certification that Iran’s leaders have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state.
                          Page S2663 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, May 7, 2015, with the time until the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140 (listed above) equally divided in the usual form; and that the filing deadline for all second-de-gree amendments to Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140 and to the bill be at 10 a.m.
                  Page S2697 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the right 
to appeal act: Senate began consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations.
                    Pages S2663–70, S2672–82 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2685–87 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2687 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2688–90 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2690–94 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2684–85 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2694–95 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2695–96 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:28 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, May 7, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2697.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
GLOBAL HEALTH PROBLEMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine global health problems, after receiving testimony from Deborah L. Birx, Ambas-sador-at-Large, Coordinator, Government Activities to Combat HIV/AIDS, and Special Representative for Global Health Diplomacy, Department of State; Mark Dybul, The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tu-berculosis and Malaria, Geneva, Switzerland; Elton John, Elton John AIDS Foundation, New York, New York; and Pastor Rick Warren, Saddleback Church, Lake Forest, California. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense, after re-ceiving testimony from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary, and General Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of De-fense. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, and Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Mari-time Commissioner, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE BUDGET 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2015 for the Fish and Wildlife Service, and S. 1036, to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to provide certain Western States assistance in the development of statewide conservation and management plans or the protection and recovery of sage-grouse species, S. 855, to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to permit Governors of States to regulate intrastate endangered species and intrastate threatened species, S. 736, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require disclosure to States of the basis of determinations under such Act, to ensure use of information provided by State, tribal, and county governments in decision making under such Act, S. 655, to prohibit the use of funds by the Secretary of the Interior to make a final de-termination on the listing of the northern long-eared bat under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, S. 468, to provide a categorical exclusion under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to allow the Director of the Bureau of Land Management and the Chief of the Forest Service to remove Pinyon-Ju-niper trees to conserve and restore the habitat of the greater sage-grouse and the mule deer, S. 293, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to estab-lish a procedure for approval of certain settlements, S. 292, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, S. 112, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to publish and make available for public comment a draft economic analysis at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06MY5.REC D06MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D502 May 6, 2015 
time a proposed rule to designate critical habitat is 
published, and S. 1081, to end the use of body-grip-ping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System, after receiving testimony from Dan Ashe, Director, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior; Gordon Cruickshank, Valley County Board of Commissioners Chairman, Valley County, Idaho, on behalf of the National Association of Counties; David Bernhardt, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, Arlington, Virginia; and Donald Barry, Defenders of Wildlife, Washington, D.C. 
MULTILATERAL AND BILATERAL 
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS AND POLICIES OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Mul-
tilateral International Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy concluded an oversight hearing to examine multilateral and bilateral international development programs and policies, after receiving testimony from Bathsheba N. Crocker, Assistant Sec-retary for International Organization Affairs, Isobel Coleman, Ambassador for UN Management and Re-form, Judith G. Garber, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and Kurt Tong, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs, all of the Department of State; and Brett D. Schaefer, The Heritage Foundation, and Reid Detchon, United Nations Foundation, both of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-
lowing business items: 
S. 280, to improve the efficiency, management, 
and interagency coordination of the Federal permit-ting process through reforms overseen by the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1180, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, with an amendment; 
S. 750, to achieve border security on certain Fed-
eral lands along the Southern border, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 282, to provide taxpayers with an annual report 
disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1109, to require adequate information regard-
ing the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies; S. 1172, to improve the process of presidential 
transition, with amendments; 
S. 434, to strengthen the accountability of indi-
viduals involved in misconduct affecting the integ-rity of background investigations, to update guide-lines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing background investigation fieldwork services and investigative support services; 
H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 179, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’; 
S. 994, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’; 
H.R. 651, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Ave-nue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’; and 
The nominations of David Michael Bennett, of 
North Carolina, Mickey D. Barnett, of New Mexico, Stephen Crawford, of Maryland, and James C. Miller, III, of Virginia, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. 
REAUTHORIZING THE HIGHER 
EDUCATION ACT 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focusing on the role of consumer information in college choice, after re-ceiving testimony from Mark Schneider, American Institutes for Research, Deborah A. Santiago, Excelencia in Education, both of Washington, D.C.; 
Stacy Lightfoot, Public Education Foundation, Chat-tanooga, Tennessee; and Taleah Mitchell, Seattle, Washington. 
ENSURING AN INFORMED CITIZENRY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine ensuring an informed citizenry, focusing on examining the Administration’s efforts to improve open government, after receiving testi-mony from Melanie Ann Pustay, Director, Office of Information Policy, Department of Justice; Nikki Gramian, Acting Director, Office of Government In-formation Services, National Archives and Records Administration; Joyce Barr, Assistant Secretary of State for Administration; Karen Kaiser, The Associ-ated Press, New York, New York, on behalf of The Sunshine in Government Initiative; and Thomas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06MY5.REC D06MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D503 May 6, 2015 
Blanton, George Washington University National 
Security Archive, Washington, D.C. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nominations of Dale A. Drozd, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, who was introduced by Senator Boxer, Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of New York, who was introduced by Senator Schumer, and LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, who was introduced by Senator Gillibrand, and Ann Don-nelly, who was introduced by Senator Schumer, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
IMPACT OF FEDERAL LABOR AND SAFETY 
LAWS ON THE U.S. SEAFOOD INDUSTRY 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the impact of federal labor and safety laws on the United States seafood industry, including S. 190, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the 
safety of imported seafood, after receiving testimony from Steven M. Solomon, Deputy Associate Commis-sioner, Regulatory Affairs, Food and Drug Adminis-tration, Department of Health and Human Services; Portia Wu, Assistant Secretary of Labor for Employ-ment and Training; Mike Strain, Louisiana Depart-ment of Agriculture and Forestry Commissioner, Baton Rouge; John Connelly, National Fisheries In-stitute, Washington, D.C.; and Frank B. Randol, Randol, Inc, Lafayette, Louisiana. 
AGING IN PLACE 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine aging in place, focusing on ad-vances in technology that help seniors live independ-ently, after receiving testimony from Maureen McCarthy, Deputy Chief Patient Care Services Offi-cer, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Laurie M. Orlov, Aging in Place Technology Watch, Port St. Lucie, Florida; Carol Kim, University of Maine, Orono; Marjorie Skubic, University of Missouri, Columbia; and Charles S. Strickler, Manakin-Sabot, Virginia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. on Friday, May 8, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
MAY 7, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold 
hearings to examine child nutrition programs, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine rural health, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Justice, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine social media in the next evo-lution of terrorist recruitment, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
S. 1137, to amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive closed briefings 
on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06MY5.REC D06MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD504 May 6, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 1191, Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act, with the filing deadline for second-degree amendments to the Corker/Cardin Amend-ment No. 1140 and to the bill at 10 a.m. At 10:30 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140 to the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11 a.m., Friday, May 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House is scheduled to meet in 
a Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. on Friday, May 8, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06MY5.REC D06MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST