Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8649 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 2015 No. 173 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
December 1, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable T RENT  
KELLY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
NATIONAL FISH AND WILDLIFE 
FOUNDATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, I partici-pated in a forum hosted by a Founda-tion created in the 1980s by Congress: the National Fish and Wildlife Founda-tion, or NFWF. The forum was on the connection between agriculture and the Chesapeake Bay. 
The health of the bay is important in 
Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which I represent, since the 
streams and rivers in a large portion of the district drain into it. This is also a region which depends on agriculture, the Commonwealth’s largest industry. 
Among the topics of discussion at the 
forum were the Chesapeake Steward-ship grants, which are funded by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and administered by the NFWF. This funding goes toward the restoration of streams which flow into the bay and to those that cut down on nutrient and sediment pollution. 
This fall, I joined the NFWF in tour-
ing several sites across Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which were all funded by these grant pro-grams. These sites show the direct con-nection between agriculture and the health of the Chesapeake Bay, with all of them located on farmland. The projects range from those which keep animal waste out of waterways to flood control and stream bank restoration, all of which improve the overall health of local streams, local watersheds, and, ultimately, the health of the Chesa-peake Bay. 
As chairman of the House Agri-
culture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, as well as a member of the House National Resource Com-mittee, the health of our watersheds is critically important. Healthy water-sheds are needed for the sustainability of both agriculture and the land. 
As I explained during the forum, the 
commitment to agriculture and healthy watersheds continues through passage last year of a 5-year farm bill and the various conservation programs contained within title II of that bill. 
The tour of the National Fish and 
Wildlife Foundation watershed projects, along with this recent forum, gave me the opportunity to hear first-hand from farmers, agricultural lead-ers, and those involved in the restora-tion of streams and rivers on what can be done here in Washington to help im-prove the quality of water in our local 
rivers, streams, the Chesapeake Bay Watershed, and the bay itself. I look forward to working with the agri-culture community and many con-servationists as we prepare for the next reauthorization of the farm bill. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
the eyes of the world are on Paris as it recovers from one tragedy and when 150 world leaders gather to prevent an-other. They meet to secure a global agreement on climate change. 
Reliance on fossil fuels, especially 
coal, and wasteful, expensive energy consumption shortchanges today’s pri-orities and threatens our future. Ten years from now, even many of the cur-rent climate skeptics will wonder, ‘‘What were we thinking?’’ 
The scientific evidence and the over-
whelming consensus it has created is clear. The immediate impacts of record temperatures, erratic, very dangerous weather patterns, ocean acidification, drought, disease, social disruption, and wildfires have predictable impacts that have already cost us dearly, with many more severe problems on the horizon. 
It is sad that what should be a 
straightforward, scientific conclusion has become so emotionally charged and politically volatile. It is embarrassing and ironic that in the middle of this historic event on climate change, as the world consensus is strengthening and moving toward action, the best that our Republican Congress can do is voting on two pieces of legislation that would undo much of the progress we have already made. 
The Republican leader in the Senate 
argues that the carbon rule of the ad-ministration is a vast overreach and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.000 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8650 December 1, 2015 
yet that the Obama policies won’t ac-
complish anything, all while working to undermine their effectiveness. We will then vote on H.R. 8, a fossil fuel giveaway that will do nothing to com-bat climate change, but only accel-erate the problem. 
The best solution to the climate 
threat is not these foolish votes and obstructionism, but an action that has the potential to resolve other con-troversial issues while addressing our major climate challenges. 
It is past time for the Federal Gov-
ernment to enact a revenue-neutral fee on carbon emissions. This would not be an excuse to expand government spend-ing and new programs, but instead sim-plify and solve current problems in a cost-effective manner. 
Consider for a moment that high on 
the list of problems, in addition to cli-mate change, is that almost everyone thinks we should fix our broken cor-porate Tax Code, avoiding the looming Social Security deficit, and stream-lining the patchwork of uneven energy subsidy provisions. 
A revenue-neutral carbon tax is a 
proven market mechanism to reduce the devastating carbon pollution. We could sweep away expensive and often conflicting clean energy subsidies and replace them with something much more effective. 
We could use the carbon revenues not 
for new programs, but to eliminate the looming 25 percent cut in Social Secu-rity, acting quickly while a solution is more affordable and less disruptive to the lives of our seniors. 
At the same time, we could adjust 
the Social Security tax downward to protect middle and lower income peo-ple from impacts of the fee, and we 
could boost small business, shielding them from part of the cost and low-ering the payroll tax they pay, making it cheaper for them to employ people. 
Finally, a portion of the revenues 
could be used to buy down the world’s highest corporate tax rate that the United States currently has, which dis-torts business decisions and places us at a competitive disadvantage with other developed countries. 
Think about it. We could solve the 
existential climate threat, make the tax system simpler, more fair, and ef-fective, avoid the looming Social Secu-rity crisis, and shield individuals and small business from the undue impact from the carbon fee, while making our businesses more competitive. That is about as close as can you get to a non-partisan, nonideological, grand-slam policy home run. 
Instead of policies of division and de-
nial, it is time for us to come together to support a revenue-neutral carbon tax to solve multiple problems and meet our obligations to our children and grandchildren. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM BOSTIC JR. 
AND DOUGLAS CLAYTON FARGO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the lives of two outstanding Americans who passed away in October. Both men were part of the Greatest Generation and served our country honorably dur-ing the Second World War. 
William Bostic Jr., also known as 
Bill, passed away on October 30. He was a native of West Virginia, born in Renick in 1922, lived most of his life in Ravenswood in the Second Congres-sional District, and was the son of Wil-liam Bostic Sr. and Nancy Lou Dale Bostic. 
In 1943, he was called to serve his 
country, and serve it well he did. Bill served in the Pacific Theater, where he was injured in the line of duty. 
On February 8, 1945, Corporal Bostic 
was serving as a member of an artillery liaison party when the enemy began at-tacking with rocket, artillery, and mortars in support of demolition units. Bill, with complete disregard for his own safety, left his foxhole and crawled to a point where he could better com-municate with the supporting artillery. 
After establishing communications, 
he was struck by enemy mortar frag-ments and, though seriously wounded, refused to leave his post until the enemy attack had been repulsed. His utter disregard for his own personal welfare and his devotion to duty as-sisted materially in the adjustment of artillery fire that broke up the enemy attack. 
For this act of gallantry, Bill was 
awarded the Silver Star. During his 11 years of service to our country, he also earned six Bronze Stars, a Purple Heart, and a Good Conduct ribbon, just to name a few. 
Bill is survived by his wife of 65 
years, Pauline Bostic. She still lives in Jackson County, West Virginia. He will be laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery. 
Mr. Douglas Clayton Fargo, Doug, is 
another true American hero who passed away. 
Doug lived in Charles Town, West 
Virginia, for over 25 years. After grad-uating from high school, Doug enlisted with the U.S. Army and served from 1944 to 1946. He fought in nine major battles and was quickly elevated in rank from a private to a sergeant as he served under the great General George Patton. He was awarded the Bronze Star and the Combat Infantry Badge for his services. 
In 1951, he was recalled to Active 
Duty and served another 2 years in the Korean war, where he received his field commission as a lieutenant. He led 11 combat patrols and was awarded a sec-ond Bronze Star and a second Combat Infantry Badge, as well as 18 other rib-bons and decorations. 
After his retirement, he remained ac-
tive in the community and stayed in-volved with a number of veterans orga-nizations, including the Korean War Veterans Association, Forty and Eight, Kiwanis, and Military Officers Associa-
tion of America. 
Doug was preceded in death by his 
first wife, Maria Laura Mae Fargo, and his second wife, Eileen Fargo, as well as the last love of his life, Eunice Steed. Additionally, Mr. Fargo lost his grandson, Adam Joseph Fargo, on July 22, 2006, when he was killed in action while fighting in Iraq. 
Doug will also be buried in the Ar-
lington National Cemetery. 
Bill and Doug were fantastic men 
who served their country and their communities with honor. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE TALKS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, more than 40,000 negotiators from 196 governments have descended on the French capital for the Paris cli-mate summit. This summit provides the world with a critical opportunity to take a significant step toward cre-ating an ambitious and effective global framework for addressing climate change. 
Climate change is no longer a prob-
lem for future generations. It is our problem, and we must act now. Paris gives us that opportunity. 
The science demonstrating the re-
ality of climate change advances by the day. In fact, 14 of the 15 warmest years on record have occurred since the year 2000, and 2015 is on track to be the warmest year of all. 
No country, no matter how large or 
small, wealthy or poor, is immune to the detrimental effects we will face if we do not address this global climate crisis. 
The good news is that there has been 
quite a bit of global action over the past few months leading up to the Paris summit. Nearly 180 countries, covering more than 95 percent of the global greenhouse gas emissions, have pledged to take steps to reduce CO
2 
emissions. 
A U.N. report shows that the pledges 
submitted so far represent a substan-tial step in global action that will sig-nificantly curtail the world’s carbon trajectory. 
b1015 
If those pledges are implemented, 
global warming would slow to roughly 3 degrees by 2100. While this isn’t enough to meet U.N. targets, it is bet-ter than the 4- to 5-degree increase if nothing were done. 
With such a significant and impactful 
opportunity in front of us, many eyes are on the U.S. What will we do? How will we act? 
As the world’s largest economy and 
the second largest emitter of carbon di-oxide, we cannot stand by and do noth-ing. Thanks to President Obama, we have made real progress in advancing our goals of reducing emissions and im-proving our air quality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.024 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8651 December 1, 2015 
Earlier this year the administration 
finalized the Clean Power Plan, which establishes the first ever national standards to limit carbon pollution from existing power plants. This is a plan that will prevent up to 3,600 pre-mature deaths, 90,000 asthma attacks in children, and 300,000 missed work-days and schooldays, all the while cre-ating tens of thousands of jobs and sav-ing American families money on their energy bills. 
Right now world leaders at the Paris 
Climate Summit are working to forge international progress on the climate crisis. So it comes as no surprise that my colleagues here in Congress are taking action on this important topic as well. Not so much. 
In Paris, they are developing a road 
map to gradually reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In Washington, we are voting on resolutions that would nul-lify the only national plan we have to address carbon pollution. 
In Paris, the burden of slashing 
greenhouse gases is being shared by ev-eryone, not just the wealthy countries. In Washington, some, the majority, are reluctant to take any blame for this growing crisis. 
This all makes perfect sense. Right? At a time when the world is coming 
together to address one of the defining issues of our lifetime, some of my col-leagues have decided to sabotage American leadership on this critical topic. 
This is not what American families 
need, and this is certainly not what the world needs to see from a global leader. 
Theodore Roosevelt once said, 
‘‘Knowing what’s right doesn’t mean much unless you do what’s right.’’ 
We know we are running out of time 
to mitigate climate change. If we fail to take meaningful action now, that knowledge will mean nothing. 
As with any global challenge, climate 
change will not be solved in one fell swoop. No single action, no single gov-ernment, and no single summit will de-cisively address one of the greatest global threats our world has ever seen. 
But Paris does allow us the oppor-
tunity to devise a common purpose to create a better world for future genera-tions. 
I urge my colleagues to do the right 
thing, vote against these harmful envi-ronmental riders on the floor this week, and allow America to be the leader on climate change. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER 
DANIEL N. ELLIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the life and note the ‘‘End of Watch’’ for Officer Daniel Ellis, originally of Campbellsville, Kentucky, and more recently of Richmond, Ken-tucky. 
On November 6, Officer Ellis was sud-
denly and tragically killed while on duty as an officer with the Richmond 
Police Department. 
As a father of a young family, my 
heart breaks for his wife, Katie, and their 3-year-old son, Luke. 
Officer Ellis was known by his friends 
and family to have a gentle spirit and a servant’s heart. His death, while tragic, has united Kentuckians in hon-oring his service in Richmond. 
My wife, Carol, and I were privileged 
to attend the memorial service for Offi-cer Ellis on the campus of Eastern Ken-tucky University. Thousands of people lined the streets to show their support during his funeral procession. 
Blue ribbons and wreaths adorned the 
windows of local businesses, and 7,000 mourners packed Eastern Kentucky University’s Alumni Coliseum, includ-ing law enforcement officers from around the Commonwealth and the Na-tion, to honor the life of Officer Ellis, a life, as was noted during the service, that was devoted to justice, kindness, and service to others. 
His death is a tragic reminder of the 
dangerous, selfless, and heroic work done by law enforcement officers and first responders each and every day. 
I thank Officer Ellis for his service 
and devotion to our community. We celebrate and honor his life. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEE CRISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to respectfully share with my colleagues some of the thoughts and concerns shared by residents in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex. These are heartfelt views expressed since we last met as a legislative body and voted on the passage of the American SAFE Act. 
A passionate public discussion is un-
derway about the role the United States should play during one of the greatest humanitarian crises of our time. I have received calls, emails, handwritten letters, texts, Facebook messages from fellow Texans back home. 
Many have expressed clearly that 
they think that some of the enhanced security clearances for Syrian and Iraqi refugees really means that Amer-ica’s legacy as a Nation that shares its freedom and opportunity is in danger. 
They have expressed their dis-
appointment, sometimes anger, that we may be allowing our national secu-rity concerns to trump our Nation’s history of standing for liberty and jus-tice. 
I will take a moment to share their 
thoughts and views to ensure my col-leagues that we also consider their views when making any future decision about the Syrian refugee crisis. 
One resident stated that voting for a 
pause in accepting refugees from Iraq and Syria may not slow down the trickle that arrives here, but it is a huge symbolic vote. Another resident stated that the 
SAFE Act only makes it harder for good people to flee from danger and being used by ISIL, and his hope is that the Obama administration is able to provide what Congress needs to do its job and that good Members reconsider the SAFE Act and don’t vote to over-ride the President’s impending veto. 
Other residents, like one in Arling-
ton, directly stated that this bill was wrong. 
Let me be clear. I did not view the 
SAFE Act as a vote against Syrian or Iraqi refugees or the greater refugee community. But the constituents that I represent have sent a strong message that any action that does not effec-tively balance national security with our national values is off course. 
We must remember that the Statue 
of Liberty is more than just a symbol of freedom. It is a symbol that America is committed to welcoming and pro-tecting those who seek and need ref-uge. 
Many of my Democratic colleagues 
have joined me in supporting legisla-tion that echoes this sentiment. We have sent letters to the administration and agencies supporting refugees this past year. 
I have cosigned a letter to President 
Obama urging him to convene inter-national negotiations to stop the Syr-ian civil war. 
I cosponsored the Protecting Reli-
gious Minorities Persecuted by ISIS Act of 2015. This legislation directs the Secretary of State to establish or use existing refugee processing mecha-nisms to allow those with a credible fear of persecution by ISIL for gender, religious, or ethnic membership to apply for refugee admission to the United States. 
But we can do more, as a Congress, to 
support the goals of refugee resettle-ment and keep the American people safe at the same time. 
If we vote to update the refugee re-
settlement program, we must also allo-cate appropriate funds to ensure that men, women, and children fleeing vio-lence do not get caught in unnecessary bureaucracy. 
As a Congress, we can give legislative 
teeth to security enhancements to the Visa Waiver Program implemented by the Department of Homeland Security earlier this year. We can fully fund the President’s budget request for aviation security. We can support and expedite our efforts to expand preclearance ca-pability of foreign airports around the world. Doing so will provide with us a greater ability to prevent those who should not be flying here. 
I am committed to keeping Ameri-
cans safe, but I know that doing so is not inconsistent with providing refuge to some of the world’s most vulnerable people. To turn our backs on refugees would be to betray our values. 
The United States is a welcoming 
country that knows diversity equals 
strength. Our resettlement program must continue to reflect this. Any leg-islation that challenges this legacy should be rejected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.004 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8652 December 1, 2015 
I will continue to keep residents’ 
thoughts and concerns at the forefront of my decisionmaking, and I thank them for reaching out to me over the last week. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to speak about the issue of public education in Amer-ica and what we need to do here in Washington, D.C., to improve our pub-lic education system. 
I specifically rise today to urge pas-
sage of the Student Success Act in the name of putting students first. 
The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, is that 
right now the Federal education bu-reaucracy has imposed more mandates on local classrooms, on students, on teachers, on administrators, than was ever intended or contemplated by our Constitution and essentially runs afoul of the principles of federalism. That being that, if power is not vested upon the Federal Government to do some-thing, it should be left to the States or even more local subdivisions; in this case, our local school boards. 
The Student Success Act seeks to 
empower teachers, administrators, par-ents, and students by sending control back to school boards and classrooms across this country. 
Mr. Speaker, the Student Success 
Act accomplishes a great deal for the sake of the student. I am going to spend a minute explaining how and why that is. But it is also important to point out what happens if we do not pass this bill: more curriculum man-dates out of Washington, D.C., more testing mandates out of Washington, D.C. If we do not pass this bill, we get more of that. 
If we do not pass this bill, we have 
more power and control administered at the sole discretion of the Secretary of Education, as it stands right now. The Secretary of Education has the power of the purse at his disposal, and we have a waiver program that essen-tially plays out as follows: 
If the Secretary of Education at the 
Federal level likes what you are doing with your curriculum and your ac-countability measures at the local level, you get grant money. If he doesn’t like it, you don’t get the grant money. There is way too much discre-tion in Washington, D.C., over how public education is managed and ad-ministered in this country. That is not the way it was intended to be. 
The waiver program, which is in ef-
fect right now, is acting as a top-down lever to dictate what is taught in the classrooms, how it is taught, when and how much testing should be employed by teachers, how they teach in the classroom, and when students have to take tests. I cannot tell you how often I hear 
from parents and students and teachers lamenting about not only the days spent testing, but the days spent pre-paring to test. 
The effort with the Student Success 
Act is to roll that back and have States take a leadership role in that and the Federal Government retreat, reduce the Federal footprint in edu-cation in this country. 
This is not a partisan issue. This is 
an issue of fairness. It is only fair that teachers and parents get more say over public education and Washington, D.C., gets less. 
A vote against this bill is a vote for 
the status quo, and I don’t think any-one really, truly wants public edu-cation coming more out of Washington, D.C. 
The Student Success Act ensures 
that States cannot be coerced into Common Core. If we do not pass this bill, the Secretary of Education, through the waiver program, has more ability to impose Common Core. By passing this bill, States cannot be co-erced into the Common Core cur-riculum. 
The Student Success Act eliminates 
49 duplicative, ineffective Federal pro-grams. If we do not pass this bill, those 49 duplicative, ineffective programs stay on the books. 
b1030 
The Student Success Act provides 
more flexible funding for school dis-tricts to fund their priorities at the local level. 
I want to thank Chairman K
LINE, Mr. 
ROKITA , and all my colleagues on the 
Education and the Workforce Com-mittee for their work on the Student Success Act. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s put children first 
and pass this bill. 
f 
ROSA PARKS DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and celebrate the mem-ory of the great Rosa Parks, also known as the mother of the modern civil rights movement. 
Today, December 1, marks the 60th 
anniversary of Rosa Parks’ arrest for refusing to surrender her seat on a city bus in Montgomery, Alabama, to a White male. Her arrest on this date in 1955 put a face to Jim Crow and the dis-grace of segregation in this country and, in many ways, united a nation in the struggle for civil rights for all. 
As many of you know the story, Rosa 
Parks refused to give up her seat, sparking the peaceful Montgomery bus boycott, which lasted 381 days and led to the eventual desegregation of the public transportation system across this Nation. 
Rosa Parks in every way embodies 
the tremendous difference a single per-son, Mr. Speaker, can make through the power of protest, nonviolence, and 
courage. 
As a member of the Ohio General As-
sembly, where I served as House leader, I was proud to have led the efforts that resulted in the 2005 passage of House Bill 421 designating December 1 as Rosa Parks Day, the first State in the Na-tion to do so. Each year, the State of Ohio, spearheaded by the Central Ohio Transit Authority, proudly celebrates the life of Rosa Parks in our State cap-ital, Columbus, Ohio. 
It is important that we do not let her 
legacy of bravery die. I look forward to joining my constituents when I travel back to the district on December 3 to celebrate the 11th annual statewide tribute to Rosa Parks, ‘‘The Power of One.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Congressman J
OHN CONYERS , the dean 
of this House, for agreeing to partici-pate in my Community Leaders Forum at this year’s celebration. 
For five decades, Congressman C
ON-
YERS has been a champion of civil 
rights and voting rights. His distin-guished career is highlighted by his work on important civil rights legisla-tion such as the Martin Luther King Holiday Act of 1983, the Motor Voter bill of 1993, and the Help America Vote Act of 2002. Today, he continues to fight for voting rights and civil rights as the ranking member on the House Judiciary Committee. 
I look forward to welcoming him to 
our Rosa Parks celebration because he shared a personal relationship with her. She worked for Congressman C
ON-
YERS from 1964 until 1988. However, be-
fore working with Congressman C ON-
YERS , she took a stand for justice and 
equality. The power of one person changed our Nation forever. 
Our fight for racial equality and real 
inclusion is ongoing, as recently pub-licized tensions across our Nation have made clear. With the Supreme Court decision to strike down section 4 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 in Shelby County v. Holder, we no longer have the safety net that ensures that Ameri-cans, especially minorities, are able to participate in our democratic process. 
Mr. Speaker, we should not be rolling 
back voting rights protection. Instead, we should honor the progress our coun-try has made to ensure and protect equal rights and equal treatment for all. 
That is why I am the cosponsor of the 
Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, H.R. 2867, which enjoys bipartisan and bicameral support. Congress should immediately bring this legislation to the floor to ensure that all Americans may cast ballots to choose their lead-ers in public service. 
Mr. Speaker, many of the policies 
being pushed by the House Republican leadership would adversely and disproportionally affect people of color and individuals in low-income commu-nities. 
When we talk about reform in Wash-
ington and starting with a clean slate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.005 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8653 December 1, 2015 
without consideration of how these 
policies will affect all communities, we do our Nation a disservice. I am con-fident we can do better. I am hopeful that we can do better. We have a re-sponsibility to do better. 
Today and every day, let us be in-
spired by Rosa Parks and remember that each person must live their life as a model for others. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the op-
portunity to speak on this important issue. 
f 
OUR VETERANS DESERVE BETTER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last month, 
we celebrated Veterans Day, a day where we rightly single out the mem-bers of our military, past and present, and pay tribute to their service and sacrifice. 
When you stop to think about it, it is 
amazing that men and women choose to serve in our Armed Forces, knowing full well that their sacrifice could be tremendous and even require their life. But, still, they volunteer. They do so because America—her ideals, her peo-ple, and her way of life—are worth de-fending. 
The entire Nation owes our military 
personnel and veterans a huge debt of gratitude, and ensuring that debt is properly repaid is one of my top prior-ities in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, as I travel North Caro-
lina’s Fifth District, I hear a similar refrain. No matter where I go, con-stituents tell me horror stories of their experiences with the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Veterans from my district and across 
the country are frustrated with the lack of service they are receiving. They are angry because they can’t get an ap-pointment or a phone call returned. And they are outraged, as I am, that the Obama administration is doing nothing to solve the multitude of prob-lems that have been revealed. 
My heart is always touched when 
veterans and their families describe their efforts to get service through the VA and how the VA wouldn’t help them until my office intervened. These sto-ries affect me more than words can say. 
I am always happy to know that my 
office has helped, and my staff is en-couraged when we get a problem solved. However, these veterans shouldn’t have to contact their con-gressional office to access the benefits they have earned. 
To say I am fed up with this adminis-
tration’s treatment of veterans is an understatement. How they can turn their backs on the veterans the way they do is unconscionable to me. 
It is past time to put an end to the 
agency-wide pattern of mismanage-ment at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The bureaucratic incom-petence is abominable, and there needs 
to be a shakeup at all levels. The agen-cy needs to be led and staffed by people who believe America has a duty and an obligation to help our veterans. 
Right now, it seems there is no sense 
of responsibility or concern from the Obama administration with the dis-graceful way our veterans are being treated. It is time for President Obama to truly commit to reforming the VA and give America’s veterans a mean-ingful, decisive plan to right the many wrongs. 
Regardless of the outcome, my office 
will continue to leave no stone unturned when it comes to serving our veterans. 
f 
HIV/AIDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I come to 
the floor today to mark World AIDS Day. 
I do so in great pride, following my 
colleague from Ohio, Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY , who spoke on the floor 
about the 60th anniversary of what happened in Montgomery when Rosa Parks, with great courage, refused to give up her seat on the bus. The cour-age of that woman and all of those who supported her has made such an incred-ible difference in our country, and it is indeed related to what I want to say about HIV and AIDS. 
Many of us had the privilege of know-
ing Rosa Parks when she worked for J
OHNCONYERS . We honored her here in 
the House and are so proud that we have a statue of Rosa Parks in the Cap-itol of the United States. 
We think of her and we think of the 
courage she had, which led to the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act. And that Voting Rights Act and Civil Rights Act led to our having a much more diverse Congress of the United States. 
From there came our Congressional 
Black Caucus, the Hispanic Caucus, and the Asian Pacific Caucus. The Black Caucus directly related to Mr. C
ONYERS , who was a founding member, 
and Rosa Parks, who was an inspira-tion. They were responsible for so much change in the leadership of our Congress. And because so many issues spring from the Congressional Black Caucus, some say ‘‘the conscience of the Congress.’’ 
So the relationship from Rosa Parks, 
through the caucus, to now we are ob-serving the 25th anniversary of World AIDS Day, the link is Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE, who has been such a 
champion in the Congress on this sub-ject. We take great pride in the accom-plishments she has had in her capacity as a Member of Congress but also as our representative to the United Na-tions General Assembly. 
Each year, World AIDS Day is ob-
served internationally to reflect the progress that has been made in re-affirming our determination to banish 
AIDS to the annals of history. We rec-ognize that achieving an AIDS-free generation requires our relentless, en-ergetic, and undaunted commitment to testing, treatment, and finding a cure. 
The World AIDS Day theme this 
year, ‘‘The time to act is now,’’ chal-lenges us to act with the urgency that this global epidemic demands. 
AIDS, as we know, and the HIV virus 
is a ferocious and resourceful disease, a resourceful virus, ever-mutating to es-cape our efforts to destroy it. There-fore, we have to be ferocious, resource-ful, and adaptable in our effort to suc-ceed to end HIV. We must bring bold thinking and deep commitment to test-ing, treatment, and the search for a cure and a vaccine to prevent. 
President Bush, with his PEPFAR 
initiative, took a big advance in how we can help prevent the spread of AIDS in the rest of the world. He and Mrs. Bush, with their Pink Ribbon Red Rib-bon Initiative to link cervical cancer prevention with HIV testing and treat-ment in Africa, was a remarkable ini-tiative. 
So we salute the bipartisanship. We 
supported, of course, President Bush with PEPFAR. We wanted it bigger, and he wanted it strong, and there we were with something that has saved millions of lives and given hope to peo-ple. 
I visited some of the clinics in Africa 
where PEPFAR is being administered, and some of the people I met there said, ‘‘I would never have come in to be tested before because there was no rea-son. I had no hope that there would be any remedy or any maintaining of a quality of life that would have encour-aged me to risk the stigma of saying that I was HIV-infected.’’ So, again, it is all about the people. 
In New York today, Bono will be ob-
serving the 10th anniversary of the ONE and (RED) initiatives that have set out to alleviate poverty and eradi-cate disease, with a heavy focus on HIV/AIDS. We know the work of the Melinda and Bill Gates Foundation and what they have done on this issue, par-ticularly in India. 
I, today, also wish I could be in San 
Francisco, where amfAR will be salut-ing the work at University of Cali-fornia-San Francisco on HIV/AIDS by establishing a new initiative there. 
I am just mentioning a few other ob-
servances of World AIDS Day. It is hap-pening throughout the world. 
If you go back a number of years, 
when I came to Congress, we were going to two funerals a day. It was the saddest thing. Now we are going to weddings and helping people make out their wills and all the rest because they have a longer life ahead. 
The maintenance of life, the quality 
of life is really important, but we do want a cure. 
So I said it was the 25th anniversary 
of World AIDS Day; I meant to say the 25th anniversary of the Ryan White CARE Act. That young man, whose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8654 December 1, 2015 
name is something that is iconic to all 
of us, left us, but his mother carries on the tradition, and it has made such a tremendous difference. 
My colleague Henry Waxman, who is 
no longer in the Congress but is still a champion on HIV/AIDS, was so instru-mental in leading us to passing that legislation. 
So it has been bipartisan. It is global. 
It is personal. It is urgent that we con-tinue so that, one day, 50 years from now, people will say, ‘‘What was AIDS? What was that?’’, and the books will show that it was a terrible, terrible tragedy that befell the world’s popu-lation regardless of status, of wealth, of gender or of race, and something that is now buried in the news some-where as a terrible memory but not a part of our future. 
Again, as we observe World AIDS 
Day, may we all wear our red ribbons in sympathy with those who have lost their lives, sadly, before the science took us to a better place on this. 
That is what we are counting on, re-
search and science to take us to a bet-ter place on this, and also the enthu-siasm, determination, and relentless-ness of so many people throughout the world to make HIV/AIDS a horrible, horrible memory, again, but not part of our future. 
f 
b1045 
THE RIGHT OF PRIVACY MUST EX-
TEND TO ELECTRONIC COMMU-NICATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, like 
most Americans, I store a lot on my computer and on my phone: family photographs, personal calendars, emails, schedules, and even weekend to-do lists or, as my wife calls them, honey-do lists. 
But this information stored on a 
phone, like the one I have here in my hand, is not private from the prying, spying eyes of government—our gov-ernment. Most Americans have no idea that Big Brother can snoop on tweets, Gchats, texts, Instagrams, and even emails. 
Anything that is stored in the cloud 
for over 6 months is available to be spied on by government as long as it is older than 180 days. Now, why is that? Well, it goes all the way back to the outdated Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986. That act protects privacy of emails that are less than 6 months old. 
In 1986, those were the days before 
the World Wide Web even existed. Many of us have staff that weren’t even born before 1986. We stored letters in folders, filing cabinets, and desk draw-ers. No one knew what the cloud was because the cloud did not exist. There was not any broadband, no social media, no tablets, or no smartphones. So, in 1986, lawmakers tried to protect emails but only did so for 180 days. Under current law, every email, 
every text, every Google doc and Facebook message, every photograph of our vacation is subject to govern-ment inspection without a warrant, without probable cause, and without our knowledge if it is older than 6 months. 
This is an invasion of privacy. Con-
stitutional protection for 6 months only? That is nonsense, Mr. Speaker. 
What is worse, some government 
agencies don’t want the law changed. The Securities and Exchange Commis-sion is lobbying to keep the same law on the books so they can snoop around in emails after 6 months without a warrant. The SEC is not even a law en-forcement agency, but yet they want to keep the ability to look at emails. 
I suspect they want to be able to read 
personal financial records and commu-nications without a warrant. Spying on citizens by government sounds like conduct reminiscent of the old Soviet Union. 
The SEC is not the only government 
agency that has access to emails over 6 months old. Any government agency can go in, confiscate emails that are older than 6 months without a warrant, without probable cause, and without knowledge of the person that they are snooping on. To me, this is a clear vio-lation of the spirit of the United States Constitution. 
Mr. Speaker, if we go back to the 
days of snail mail and you write a let-ter and you put it in an envelope and you put it in a mailbox and it floats around the country from place to place and finally ends up in somebody else’s mailbox, government cannot go and grab that letter and search it without a warrant under most circumstances, no matter where it goes in the U.S., be-cause it is protected. It is the privacy of the person who wrote the letter and the person who is receiving the letter. 
Why should government have the 
ability to snoop around in our personal emails? They don’t have that right, even though they have the ability to do so. 
Mr. Speaker, the Fourth Amendment 
makes us, the U.S., different than any nation on Earth to protect the privacy of American citizens. Government 
agencies can’t raid homes or tap into phones or read mail without showing a judge they have probable cause that a crime was committed. They must ob-tain a search warrant. 
Mr. Speaker, I was a judge in Texas 
for 22 years, a criminal court judge, and saw 20,000 cases or more. Police of-ficers would come to me at all times, day or night, with a search warrant. If it stated probable cause, I would sign the warrant, and then they would be instructed to go search whatever it was that they had probable cause to search. 
That is what the Constitution re-
quires before you can snoop around and spy on Americans. If you want to search, get a warrant. That is the rule under our law. 
Why should our possessions and com-
munications be less private because they are online? Well, they shouldn’t 
be. That is why I have teamed up with Representative Z
OELOFGREN on the 
other side and lots of other Members of Congress in both parties to introduce legislation to update the outdated ECPA law. 
There are several bills pending. In 
fact, these bills have over 300 sponsors right now, bipartisan, to restore ECPA’s original purpose to protect the privacy of American citizens. 
This legislation would protect the sa-
cred right of privacy from ever-increas-ing spying government trolls on Ameri-cans. Our mission is simple: extend constitutional protections to commu-nications and records that Americans store online for any amount of time. 
Mr. Speaker, technology may change, 
but the Constitution remains the same. Thomas Jefferson said in the Declara-tion of Independence, government is created to ensure our rights, not vio-late those rights. 
It is about time we make government 
protect the right of privacy rather than violate the right of privacy. We need to pass this ECPA law and get pri-vacy back in America. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 51 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
As we face a new day, help us to dis-
cover the power of resting in You. Send Your Spirit down upon the Members of the people’s House. 
Grant them wisdom, insight and vi-
sion that the work they do will be for the betterment of our Nation during a time of struggle for so many Ameri-cans. 
In extraordinary times, people from 
around the world are coming together and recognizing shared threats to peace and prosperity among all people of goodwill. May the men and women of this House emerge as leading states-men and women to address issues that transcend the here and now of political tides. 
Help them to identify policies that 
will redound to the benefit of our chil-dren and grandchildren. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.008 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8655 December 1, 2015 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D OLD) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. DOLD led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches from each side of the aisle. 
f 
POSITIVE IMPROVEMENTS TO 
MENTAL HEALTH 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, millions of Americans across the country know the benefits of evi-dence-driven mental health care; yet, our national mental health system has been harmed after years of bad policy. 
Yesterday The Wall Street Journal 
stated, ‘‘As it happens, this month a House subcommittee passed one of the more consequential bills of this Repub-lican majority—the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Recent mass killers have nearly all had some kind of mental illness; yet, few receive proper treatment. Representative T
IM 
MURPHY spent more than a year inves-
tigating dysfunction and writing an overhaul.’’ 
I am grateful to be a cosponsor of the 
Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act developed by a dedicated profes-sional, T
IMMURPHY . This legislation 
helps States to modernize involuntary commitment laws and encourages as-sisted outpatient treatment for pa-tients to remain active in their com-munities. 
This legislation determines funding 
based on evidence-based care, putting critical resources into programs we know work, not into vague or untested theories. As the former president of the Mid-Carolina Mental Health Associa-tion myself, I appreciate this reform. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops. 
May the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. THE POLICE TRAINING AND 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW ACT 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, in the 
wake of the shocking video from Chi-cago showing the brutal shooting of Laquan McDonald by a Chicago police officer, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to pass H.R. 2302, the Police Training and Independent Review Act. 
Congressman L
ACYCLAYand I intro-
duced this bill earlier this year to stop local prosecutors from being tasked with investigating and prosecuting the same local police with whom they work so closely. 
This is an inherent conflict of inter-
est. What happened in Chicago is just the latest evidence that it needs to end. 
If enacted, the Police Training and 
Independent Review Act would condi-tion the receipt of full Byrne-JAG funding on States adopting laws to re-quire independent investigation and, if necessary, prosecution of law enforce-ment officers in cases involving the use of deadly force. 
If we are serious about restoring a 
sense of fairness and justice, we need to pass this bill and remove this conflict. 
Law enforcement, police, and sheriffs 
have a tough job, a dangerous job, and they bring cases to DAs and serve as witnesses. This hand-in-glove relation-ship shouldn’t be upset, but it also shouldn’t upset justice. 
We have seen charges brought 
against officers in certain cities, but more would be brought if there were independent prosecutions. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PRINCIPAL 
STEVE HOPE, 2015 INDIANA HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Principal Steve Hope of Penn High School in Mishawaka for earning the 2015 Indiana High School Principal of the Year Award by the Indiana Association of School Principals. 
For nearly 20 years Principal Hope 
has been more than just a teacher. He has been a mentor, support system, and friend to countless people. 
His passion for education has been in-
strumental in preparing young Hoo-siers for so much success later in life. Since he became the principal in 2008, Indiana’s Department of Education has named Penn an A-rated school and a 4– Star Award winner. 
He has taught students more than 
just curriculum. He has taught stu-dents life lessons they will remember forever. 
On behalf of the people of the Second 
Congressional District of Indiana, I heartily want to thank Principal Hope 
for being an inspiration to students and teachers alike. His dedication to providing a quality education to each Hoosier that crosses his path is such an inspiration to all of us in Indiana. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-
gratulating Penn High School Prin-cipal Steve Hope on receiving this pres-tigious award. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO SOUTH 
PARK HIGH SCHOOL 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, last Fri-
day my alma mater, South Park High School, made history as their football team, the Sparks, brought home the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Championship to Buffalo. 
The Sparks played in front of a crowd 
of 3,000 at the Carrier Dome in Syra-cuse. The team capped off a record- breaking 12–1 season by defeating Our Lady of Lourdes by a score of 49–46. 
The team’s win was a storybook end-
ing to a historic season. Most members of the team have been playing together since Little League, and this close-knit group became the first ever Buffalo City School to win a State champion-ship. 
I stand today as a proud South Park 
graduate to congratulate the team, coaches, parents, and Principal Terri Schuta, my friend and classmate, for claiming the State title for Buffalo and South Park High School. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S TIMID 
RESPONSE TO ISIS 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
so disappointing that President Obama believes a climate change summit is somehow a rebuke of international ter-rorism. Think about that. 
The President’s timid response about 
how to take on ISIS and how to define our enemy has emboldened our enemy, radical Islamists extremists. 
But he has not been timid in his re-
sponse on global warming. At a meet-ing of world leaders right now in Paris, President Obama is choosing to pursue his climate change agenda instead of addressing how we are going to destroy ISIS. 
In fact, our President seems to be-
lieve that global warming is a greater threat than international terrorism. It is clear, in the wake of the horrific at-tacks in Paris, that his priorities are gravely misplaced. 
When discussing ISIS, the President 
reminded the Nation that ‘‘we’ve faced greater threats to our way of life be-fore.’’ True. But that doesn’t change the fact that radical Islamic extre-mism is the threat we face now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.010 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8656 December 1, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ROSA 
PARKS 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, 60 years ago 
today Rosa Parks was arrested for re-fusing to give up her bus seat to a White man. Her simple act of defiance and her quiet dignity in the face of daily injustice grabbed the attention of activists and launched the civil rights movement. 
In 2013, we unveiled a statue of Rosa 
Parks that stands just outside these doors in the U.S. Capitol Statuary Hall. This year I took my 11-year-old granddaughter to Rosa Parks Museum in Montgomery, Alabama, so that the next generation of young Americans can understand the role that she played in shaping the history of our country. 
I actually got the great honor of 
meeting Rosa Parks at an event once that my father held at the Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. Community Hospital in Watts. What thrill it was to hold her hand as the audience sang ‘‘We Shall Overcome.’’ 
It has been 60 years, but, unfortu-
nately, we know that the discrimina-tion Rosa Parks faced still faces mi-norities communities in this country today. 
On this anniversary, I hope we can 
look to her example for inspiration in the ongoing struggle for justice for every American. 
f 
HONORING MIAMI DADE COLLEGE 
WOLFSON CAMPUS PRESIDENT DR. JOSE A. VICENTE 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Dr. Jose A. Vicente, who is retiring from his post as president of Wolfson Campus of Miami Dade College, where each year 27,000 students receive a high-quality education in the heart of downtown Miami. 
Dr. Vicente’s retirement marks the 
end of an amazing 42-year career at my alma mater, Miami Dade College. Dr. Vicente’s commitment to education is evident not only from his varied teach-ing and administrative roles at Miami Dade College, but also through his ac-tive involvement as a board member in national education groups, including the American Association of Commu-nity Colleges and the Hispanic Associa-tion of Colleges and Universities, known as HACU. 
Congratulations to Dr. Jose Vicente 
on his well-deserved retirement. I thank him for his wonderful legacy of enhanced educational opportunities that will continue to benefit our South Florida community for years to come. 
Godspeed, Jose. b1215 
WORLD AIDS DAY 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate World AIDS Day. The theme this year is: The Time to Act is Now. 
First, I would like to thank Leader 
P
ELOSI for her steadfast commitment 
to fighting HIV and AIDS and for guar-anteeing strong United States leader-ship in this area. 
As the cofounder and cochair along 
with my good friend from Florida, Con-gresswoman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN of 
the bipartisan Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus, we have seen the significant progress that we have made in the global fight against HIV. 
From PEPFAR and the Global Fund 
to Fight AIDS, TB, and Malaria, which we were very proud to cosponsor, to the Ryan White CARE Act and the Minor-ity AIDS Initiative, the U.S. has been a global leader in committing the crit-ical resources needed to end this dis-ease. 
Thanks to the leadership of people 
like Congresswoman M
AXINE WATERS , 
former Congresswoman Donna Christensen, and the Congressional Black Caucus, we are turning the tide in providing lifesaving prevention and treatment services to disproportion-ately affected communities here at home. This has been a bipartisan effort which we must continue because we still have a lot of work to do. 
Mr. Speaker, in the United States, 
southern States are now the epicenter of the HIV/AIDS epidemic. Stigma, dis-crimination, and lack of education about the disease continue to be sig-nificant barriers to care and preven-tion. The time to act is now. 
f 
EPILEPSY AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
highlight November as Epilepsy Aware-ness Month. Tragically, across the country today thousands of families dealing with epilepsy and other debili-tating seizure disorders have been forced to uproot their families as they travel to States where CBD oil is al-ready legalized. 
Especially in children, CBD oil helps 
reduce the amount and the duration of seizures. But over and over again the government has stood in the way of ac-cess to lifesaving care for these chil-dren. 
Children across the country, like 
Sophie Weiss, deserve better. Sophie is an inspiring young girl from the Tenth Congressional District in Illinois. She suffers from a severe form of epilepsy and, without CBD oil, suffers upwards of 200 seizures each and every day. 
Mr. Speaker, for Sophie and children 
suffering like her, I helped introduce a bill to stop the government from stand-
ing in the way of this lifesaving relief. 
In honor of Epilepsy Awareness 
Month, I call on my colleagues to join me so we can pass the Charlotte’s Web Medical Hemp Act of 2015 and ensure that no family has to endure the loss of a child as they wait for approval of this natural, lifesaving option. 
f 
9/11 HEALTH AND COMPENSATION 
ACT 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, let’s not play poli-tics with the health and compensation bill for the 9/11 heroes and heroines. There are over 70,000 9/11 first respond-ers and survivors, the veterans of our war on terror. They come from every single State in the Union, and they are waiting to see if Congress will act for their health care. 
There is broad bipartisan, bicameral 
support for a permanent reauthoriza-tion. There are 259 House cosponsors, including 67 Republicans. Both Chair-man G
OODLATTE and Chairman U PTON , 
along with Ranking Member C ONYERS  
and Ranking Member P ALLONE , support 
this bill and want to pass it. 
There are just 7 legislative days left. 
This is something we all agree on, something that is clearly the right thing to do. 
I urge my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, to 
get this done this year. Let’s keep our promise to the 9/11 heroes and heroines, to the first responders, to the victims, and to the survivors. Let’s pass this bill this year. 
f 
THE PROMISE ACT 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
on behalf of our true American heroes, our veterans, to highlight important legislation that will help those who need it most. Last month I introduced the PROMISE Act to continue my ef-forts to promote safety, patient advo-cacy, and better access to quality care for our veterans. 
The PROMISE Act will increase safe-
ty for opioid therapy and pain manage-ment, encourage more transparency at the VA, encourage more outreach and awareness of the Patient Advocacy Program for veterans, and help provide alternative forms of care to address veterans’ health needs. 
Our veterans sacrificed so much for 
our country. It is up to us to provide them with the care they have earned and deserve. We must encourage safe, quality care for those who have fought for our freedoms. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill and help fulfill our promise to our veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.012 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8657 December 1, 2015 
BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to shed light on the hundreds of Chibok schoolgirls who were abducted by Boko Haram nearly 600 days ago. Some girls have been recovered, but many more are still missing. 
Boko Haram is now the most dan-
gerous terrorist organization in the world, killing more than 6,000 people in 2014 alone. 
While our Nation and the world are 
reeling from the death and destruction ISIS has caused in recent weeks, we must not forget the terror that Boko Haram brings every single day. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud our govern-
ment’s efforts in helping provide Nige-ria with the support they need to fight these militants. But there is more to be done. We cannot turn a blind eye to the destruction and bloodshed they have caused. We must continue to dedi-cate resources and support to wipe out the world’s deadliest terror organiza-tions. 
There also needs to be a continuous 
effort to save so many lives from fall-ing into Boko Haram’s hands. 
I thank Representative W
ILSON of 
Florida for leading the charge on this issue here in Congress. I am proud to stand with you in the fight to Bring Back Our Girls and stop Boko Haram. 
f 
PROPER PROCESS FOR THE 9/11 
HEALTH AND COMPENSATION ACT 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, today I 
want to address the importance of passing the reauthorization of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Com-pensation Act, H.R. 1786, and this needs to be done as a standalone bill. The re-authorization of this bill is far too im-portant to be rolled into a package at the end of the year. 
Our country was attacked 14 years 
ago, and these Americans responded without hesitation. First responders are undoubtedly heroes in the eyes of America. They at least deserve to have their bill heard individually. 
Five years ago, in the last days of the 
111th Congress, this bill was passed. It was the last bill that Congress passed that year in the lame-duck 2010 year. 
It is important that this bill be 
brought up. It is important that each of us put our cards in. Vote your con-science. Vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ But we deserve a chance to vote on this bill as a standalone bill. 
f 
WORLD AIDS DAY 
(Ms. CLARKE of New York asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in commemoration of World AIDS Day and to honor those who labor to end its spread. 
Today is the day to raise our aware-
ness of HIV/AIDS and our unwavering fight against it. New infections world-wide are down 35 percent since 2000, and AIDS-related deaths have been re-duced by 42 percent since 2004. 
Though HIV and AIDS are now con-
sidered chronic illnesses, like with any chronic illness, first you must know that you have it in order to treat it. 
We know that 35 million people are 
living with HIV/AIDS globally, and that is unacceptable. My own district, the Ninth District of Brooklyn, New York, has been particularly hard hit over the past three decades by HIV/ AIDS. 
Nearly 29,000 Brooklyn residents were 
living with HIV/AIDS since June of 2014. Over 30 percent of new HIV diag-noses in the first half of 2014 were made concurrent with AIDS diagnoses and years after infection. Surveys suggest that 40 percent of Brooklyn adults have yet to receive an HIV screening. 
Mr. Speaker, in the first half of 2014, 
Brooklyn had the highest percentages of HIV/AIDS, so now is the time for us to act. Let us end HIV/AIDS. Help stop the spread today. 
f 
CADILLAC TAX LETTER 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
request the President’s timely response to a bipartisan, bicameral letter from congressional Members willing to work with him to repeal the Affordable Care Act’s tax on middle class families’ healthcare benefits. 
This month I joined House and Sen-
ate Members, both Democrat and Re-publican, to express our constituents’ extreme concern about the 40 percent tax on employer-sponsored benefits coming in 2018. Public and private em-ployers and employees tell me that the tax will cost jobs and incomes across New Hampshire as they cope with high-er taxes and premiums. 
Companies and municipalities are 
planning for the worst. Families will face lower wages and higher prices as organizations shift costs to pay for new taxes. Our coalition asks the President to meet with us as soon as possible so we can find a solution to this so-called Cadillac tax by the end of this year. 
I would like to thank Senators H
ELL-
ER, BROWN , and H EINRICH , as well as 
Representative J OECOURTNEY , for their 
help. 
Mr. President, please respond to our 
request to work together. If we act now, we can avoid more unintended consequences of the Affordable Care Act. WEAR RED WEDNESDAY 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. 
Boko Haram has been declared the 
world’s deadliest terrorist organiza-tion. Boko Haram has actually mur-dered more people than ISIS. This means that Boko Haram’s attacks are more lethal and more devastating than anything we have seen in the history of modern terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, Boko Haram’s January 
attack on Baga was the second dead-liest terrorist attack in modern history after 9/11. An organization capable of this level of death and destruction must be eradicated. 
I urge Congress to pass my bill, H.R. 
3833, which would require the U.S. Gov-ernment to develop a regional strategy to assist Nigeria in defeating Boko Haram. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls and remember to wear something red to-morrow, Wednesday, a tie, a pin, a flower. Just wear something red and tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson. Tweet, tweet, tweet. 
f 
IMPORTANT ISSUES OF THE DAY 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
first of all, let me say that I join my colleagues in asking for the James Zadroga bill to be passed in honor and tribute to our first responders after the tragedy and heinous terrorist act of 9/ 11. 
And then, of course, today is World 
AIDS Day. I want to congratulate my constituents. I join the city of Hous-ton, Harris County, in honoring the President’s 2020 initiative, which is to encourage all of us to surge back into education and prevention of HIV/AIDS. 
So many of us have lost too many. 
Today in my district as well, the Thomas Street Clinic and a number of other organizations will be acknowl-edging those who still live with AIDS. It is certainly our responsibility to fight to ensure the stopping of HIV/ AIDS in this Nation. 
I also rise to speak of the intelligence 
bill that will be on the floor today. What I would like to note is that I am glad that some of the issues have been resolved. 
Particularly, I am concerned and 
glad that it will provide critical re-sources for the fight against ISIL, em-phasize collection to monitor and en-sure compliance with the Iranian nu-clear agreement, which some have been very concerned about, that intelligence is very important, and as well it pro-motes foreign partner capabilities such as helping our allies in France. 
Mr. Speaker, as I close, let me say 
my concern, however, still remains on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.013 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8658 December 1, 2015 
the authority limited of the Privacy 
and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. It is a bill that we all should consider. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN EN-ERGY SECURITY AND INFRA-STRUCTURE ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 23, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 24, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 539 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 539 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to mod-ernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing work-force, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate, the Committee of the Whole shall rise with-out motion. No further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House any joint resolution specified in section 3 of this resolution. All points of order against consideration of each such joint resolution are waived. Each such joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in each such joint resolu-tion are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on each such joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to com-mit. 
S
EC. 3. The joint resolutions referred to in 
section 2 of this resolution are as follows: 
(a) The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) pro-
viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
(b) The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) pro-
viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollu-tion Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating 
Units’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
b1230 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 
539 provides for a rule to consider three important bills that will help millions of Americans and their families who are having to pay or will soon be pay-ing higher energy costs due to the ad-ministration’s misguided and ill-con-ceived energy policies. The rule pro-vides for 1 hour of debate, equally di-vided between the majority and the mi-nority of the Energy and Commerce Committee, on each of the pieces of legislation before us, including S.J. Res. 23, a resolution of disapproval of a rule promulgated by the Environ-mental Protection Agency on green-house gases from new stationary sources; S.J. Res. 24, a resolution of disapproval of a rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency on greenhouse gases from existing sta-tionary sources; and H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2015, which will move this country in a direction of greater energy independence. 
The rule before us today provides for 
a closed rule on both resolutions of dis-approval, as is standard for such meas-ures, allowing for 1 hour of debate equally divided between the majority and minority of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, while allowing the minority a motion to commit on each of the resolutions. 
Further, the rule provides for 1 hour 
of debate on H.R. 8, also equally di-vided between the chair and ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. A subsequent order from the Committee on Rules will like-ly address any amendments to be made in order later in the week. 
The House, in taking up these meas-
ures, is doing so to reflect the will of the people so many of us represent who are opposed to the administration’s ac-tions and wish to stop this out-of-con-trol Environmental Protection Agency from doing further damage to the econ-omy. Further, H.R. 8 reflects a broad consensus of energy stakeholders who are ready and willing to move the country’s energy future into high gear. S.J. Res. 23, disapproving of the Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency’s new greenhouse gas rules on new stationary sources—loosely translated, that means the Nation’s power plants, keep-ing the lights on in your home, the heat on in the winter, and the air-con-ditioning on in the summer—and S.J. Res. 24, disapproving of the EPA’s new greenhouse gas rules on existing sta-tionary sources, both of these joint res-olutions passed in the Senate in Octo-ber by a majority vote of 52–46. The Congressional Review Act, the law which allows for the process of dis-approval by Congress when an adminis-tration goes too far with one of its rules, allows us an up-or-down vote on the resolution, which cannot be filibus-tered, thus allowing the measure to be considered in the Senate. It is now time for the House to be heard on this measure as well. 
Mr. Speaker, the Environmental Pro-
tection Agency’s overreaching green-house gas rules have had an extensive number of hearings in the Energy and Commerce Committee over the last few years. The committee reviewed all as-pects of the proposed rules, including the impacts on reliability and the im-pacts on consumer costs, including bringing the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission to discuss possible impacts on reliability around the coun-try due to these rules. 
Already, in many States across the 
Nation, coal-fired power plants are closing because they see that the Obama administration’s EPA has made it clear that it will go after them re-lentlessly until they are shuttered. This means fewer cost-effective options for consumers and also the potential for brownouts and blackouts during high-consumption times, like during the peak of the summer in Texas, where rolling brownouts are already not uncommon. The Environmental Protection Agency’s new rules will only exacerbate this issue. 
Whether Members of this body sup-
port these rules or oppose them, the measures before us today will provide each Member the opportunity to be of-ficially registered on where they stand on these EPA rules, and that is what we are all here to do. 
H.R. 8, in contrast to the EPA’s regu-
lations, moves the country to a place of greater energy security and abun-dance. Over the past several years, the Energy and Commerce Committee has worked towards modernizing the Na-tion’s energy laws, making the govern-ment more accountable, more account-able to the people it is meant to rep-resent as it makes decisions which af-fect literally every citizen in this coun-try and their pocketbooks. 
The free market has long been the 
guiding force in moving this country ahead in the energy sector. Texas was one of the first major beneficiaries, with the oil boom in the last two cen-turies. Now, as new technologies and innovations emerge, Congress must stand on the side of the free market 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.015 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8659 December 1, 2015 
again, stopping the executive branch 
from picking winners and losers in the energy market and allowing con-sumers—allowing consumers—to make those decisions for themselves. 
When consumers choose what energy 
sources and what technologies work best for them, the economy grows fast-er and grows more efficiently than ever the government could possibly drive it. That is what the Architecture of Abun-dance is all about. 
This country has the resources to be 
energy independent. It has the ability to end our reliability on oil and gas from the Middle East, a region that is perpetually in turmoil. But the Obama administration has stymied much of the progress that was made in the first decade of this century, slowing or stop-ping leases on public lands for new ex-ploration of our own resources and put-ting up red tape and numerous barriers to allowing Americans to tap into what is rightfully theirs. This is a bill that is long overdue, and I certainly thank Chairman U
PTON for his work on the 
bill, H.R. 8. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and ‘‘yes’’ on the three underlying bills. They are an important first step in setting this country on the path to a modern, sta-ble, and abundant energy future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) for yielding me the cus-
tomary 30 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this closed rule and the underlying leg-islation. 
I want to begin by congratulating the 
Republican majority for breaking a record today. Through their exem-plary, heavyhanded, undemocratic leadership, this is now officially the most closed session of Congress in the entire history of the United States of America. I am not sure that is some-thing to be proud of, but that is the title that they have earned. 
Today, we are debating the 47th and 
48th closed rules of the 114th Congress. We are in our third legislative week since Speaker R
YAN took the gavel, 
and we are already debating our third and fourth closed rules during his short tenure. 
Speaker R
YANpromised a more open, 
more inclusive, more deliberative, more participatory process. I think he must have misspoken because, by any measure, the Republican leadership has already fallen short of that commit-ment. 
Today, we are considering three bills: 
two that seek to undermine the EPA’s ability to protect our public health and environment and a third that offers many troubling provisions, including one which would hastily rush the nat-ural gas pipeline approval process and allow pipelines to be built and run 
right through our magnificent national parks. 
On December 11, our government will 
run out of money. During the 114th Congress, we have stood in this Cham-ber debating Republican messaging bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act, undermine the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, and weaken public health and environmental regulations while failing to consider meaningful legisla-tion that would create jobs, boost the economy, and help vulnerable Ameri-cans rise out of poverty. Instead of fo-cusing on these priorities, this major-ity will bring to the floor three bills in-tended to prevent the EPA from effec-tively doing its job. 
Now, if anyone is feeling de ´ja`vu, 
that is probably because what I just said is from a floor speech I gave on a rule for three antiscience bills that the Republicans brought before us last No-vember. The only difference is I changed 113th to 114th Congress. And while I hate to repeat myself, unfortu-nately, the majority is in a rut of bringing before us the same old same old: unproductive legislation that is going nowhere. 
We have 6 legislative days left to en-
sure that the government doesn’t run out of money, just 6 days; but instead of focusing on that, instead of working to ensure the government is funded, we are on the floor debating more Repub-lican messaging bills that I think were written in the National Republican Congressional Committee because they are poorly drafted. These bills have drastic and devastating effects on pub-lic health and the environment, and they will be vetoed by the President of the United States. 
I include in the R
ECORD the State-
ments of Administration Policy on these bills, expressing the administra-tion’s intent to veto these bills. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 8—NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY  
AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015  
(Rep. Upton, R–MI, Nov. 30, 2015) 
The Administration is committed to tak-
ing responsible steps to modernize the Na-tion’s energy infrastructure in a way that addresses climate change, promotes clean energy and energy efficiency, drives innova-tion, and ensures a cleaner, more stable envi-ronment for future generations. The Admin-istration strongly opposes H.R. 8 because it would undermine already successful initia-tives designed to modernize the Nation’s en-ergy infrastructure and increase our energy efficiency. 
Increased energy efficiency offers savings 
on energy bills, provides opportunities for more jobs, and improves industrial competi-tiveness. H.R. 8 would stifle the Nation’s move toward energy efficiency by severely hampering the Department of Energy’s (DOE) ability to provide technical support for building code development and State im-plementation. In addition, the bill would un-dercut DOE’s ability to enforce its appliance standards and would weaken section 433 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, which requires a reduction in fossil fuel-generated energy in Federal buildings. 
H.R. 8 includes a provision regarding cer-
tain operational characteristics in capacity markets operated by Regional Transmission 
Organizations (RTO5) and Independent Sys-tem Operators (ISOs). The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and RTOs and ISOs are already well positioned, espe-cially as technologies change over time, to ensure that capacity market structures ade-quately provide for the procurement of suffi-cient capacity to efficiently and reliably ful-fill the resource-adequacy function that these markets are intended to perform. 
H.R. 8 includes new, unnecessary provi-
sions that would broaden FERC’s authority to impose deadlines on other Federal agen-cies reviewing the environmental implica-tions of natural gas pipeline applications. H.R. 8 also would unnecessarily curtail DOE’s ability to fully consider whether nat-ural gas export projects are consistent with the public interest. 
Further, H.R. 8 would undermine the cur-
rent hydropower licensing regulatory process in place under the Federal Power Act that works to minimize negative impacts associ-ated with the siting of hydropower projects, including negative impacts on safety, fish and wildlife, water quality and conservation, and a range of additional natural resources and cultural values. Among the ways that H.R. 8 would undermine this process would be by creating a new exemption from licens-ing that would undercut bedrock environ-mental statutes, including the Clean Water Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, and the Endangered Species Act. 
Finally, H.R. 8 presents certain constitu-
tional concerns. Sections 1104 and 3004 would impermissibly interfere with the President’s authorities with regard to the conduct of di-plomacy and in some cases diplomatic com-munications, and sections 1109 and 1201 raise concerns under the Recommendations Clause. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
8, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
S.J. RES. 23—DISAPPROVING EPA RULE ON  
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS FROM NEW , 
MODIFIED , AND RECONSTRUCTED ELECTRIC  
UTILITY GENERATING UNITS  
(Sen. McConnell, R–KY, Nov. 17, 2015) 
The Administration strongly opposes S.J. 
Res. 23, which would undermine the public health protections of the Clean Air Act (CAA) and stop critical U.S. efforts to reduce dangerous carbon pollution from power plants. In 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that the CAA gives the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA) the authority to regu-late greenhouse gas (GHG) pollution. In 2009, EPA determined that GHG pollution threat-ens Americans’ health and welfare by leading to long-lasting changes to the climate that can, and are already, having a range of nega-tive effects on human health and the envi-ronment. This finding is consistent with con-clusions of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and numerous other na-tional and international scientific bodies. Power plants account for roughly one-third of all domestic GHG emissions. While the United States limits dangerous emissions of arsenic, mercury, lead, particulate matter, and ozone precursor pollution from power plants, the Carbon Pollution Standards and the Clean Power Plan put into place the first national limits on power plant carbon pollu-tion. The Carbon Pollution Standards will ensure that new, modified, and reconstructed power plants deploy available systems of emission reduction to reduce carbon pollu-tion. 
S.J. Res. 23 would nullify carbon pollution 
standards for future power plants and power 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.017 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8660 December 1, 2015 
plants undertaking significant modifications 
or reconstruction, thus slowing our coun-try’s transition to cleaner, cutting-edge power generation technologies. Most impor-tantly, the resolution could enable continued build-out of outdated, high-polluting, and long-lived power generation infrastructure and impede efforts to reduce carbon pollu-tion from new and modified power plants— when the need to act, and to act quickly, to mitigate climate change impacts on Amer-ican communities has never been more clear. 
Since it was enacted in 1970, and amended 
in 1977 and 1990, each time with strong bipar-tisan support, the CAA has improved the Na-tion’s air quality and protected public health. Over that same period of time, the economy has tripled in size while emissions of key pollutants have decreased by more than 70 percent. Forty-five years of clean air regulation have shown that a strong econ-omy and strong environmental and public health protection go hand-in-hand. 
Because S.J. Res. 23 threatens the health 
and economic welfare of future generations by blocking important standards to reduce carbon pollution from the power sector that take a flexible, common sense approach to addressing carbon pollution, if the President were presented with S.J. Res. 23, he would veto the bill. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
S.J. RES. 24—DISAPPROVING EPA RULE ON CAR -
BON POLLUTION EMISSION GUIDELINES FOR  
EXISTING ELECTRIC UTILITY GENERATING  
UNITS  
(Sen. Capito, R–WV, Nov. 17, 2015) 
The Administration strongly opposes S.J. 
Res. 24, which would undermine the public health protections of the Clean Air Act (CAA) and stop critical U.S. efforts to reduce dangerous carbon pollution from power plants. In 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that the CAA gives the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA) the authority to regu-late greenhouse gas (GHG) pollution. In 2009, EPA determined that GHG pollution threat-ens Americans’ health and welfare by leading to long-lasting changes to the climate that can, and are already, having a range of nega-tive effects on human health and the envi-ronment. This finding is consistent with con-clusions of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and numerous other na-tional and international scientific bodies. Power plants account for roughly one-third of all domestic GHG emissions. While the United States limits dangerous emissions of arsenic, mercury, lead, particulate matter, and ozone precursor pollution from power plants, the Clean Power Plan and the Carbon Pollution Standards put into place the first national limits on power plant carbon pollu-tion. The Clean Power Plan empowers States to cost-effectively reduce emissions from ex-isting sources and provides States and power plants a great deal of flexibility in meeting the requirements. EPA expects that under the Clean Power Plan, by 2030, carbon pollu-tion from power plants will be reduced by 32 percent from 2005 levels. 
By nullifying the Clean Power Plan, S.J. 
Res. 24 seeks to block progress towards cleaner energy, eliminating public health and other benefits of up to $54 billion per year by 2030, including thousands fewer pre-mature deaths from air pollution and tens of thousands of fewer childhood asthma attacks each year. Most importantly, the resolution would impede efforts to reduce carbon pollu-tion from existing power plants—the largest source of carbon pollution in the country— when the need to act, and to act quickly, to mitigate climate change impacts on Amer-ican communities has never been more clear. Since it was enacted in 1970, and amended 
in 1977 and 1990, each time with strong bipar-tisan support, the CAA has improved the Na-tion’s air quality and protected public health. Over that same period of time, the economy has tripled in size while emissions of key pollutants have decreased by more than 70 percent. Forty-five years of clean air regulation have shown that a strong econ-omy and strong environmental and public health protection go hand-in-hand. 
Because S.J. Res. 24 threatens the health 
and economic welfare of future generations by blocking important standards to reduce carbon pollution from the power sector that take a flexible, common sense approach to addressing carbon pollution, if the President were presented with S.J. Res. 24, he would veto the bill. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. But I guess from 
the Republican point of view, the posi-tive thing about these bills is that they are yet another pander to big money fossil fuel special interests. I urge my colleagues to follow the money because that is what this is all about here today. It is not about serious legis-lating. It is about fundraising. 
Mr. Speaker, S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. 
Res. 24 look to stop commonsense regu-lations that the EPA has put in place that protect us from the harmful pollu-tion emitted by power plants. These joint resolutions are another clear message from the Republican majority that they do not believe that climate change is real. Over 120 environmental, faith-based, and public health organiza-tions have already come out opposing these two resolutions, including the American Lung Association, the Al-lergy and Asthma Network, the League of Conservation Voters, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Sierra Club, and Public Citizen. I can stand here forever and repeat the other orga-nizations that have a lot of public sup-port in this country that have come out against these bills. 
Power plants account for 40 percent 
of our annual carbon pollution emis-sions. They are the single biggest source of carbon pollution in the coun-try. Yet the Republican majority wants to take away the greatest step we have taken to try to curb that major source of pollution. These two joint resolutions would permanently prevent the EPA from ever, ever lim-iting pollution from power plants in the future as well. 
H.R. 8 is also a deeply troubling piece 
of legislation. It favors the use of fossil fuels over renewable energy and favors consumption over energy efficiency. 
b1245 
It would ram pipeline applications 
through FERC in under 90 days even though most applications, by the way, are reviewed and approved in less than 1 year. 
It all but removes individuals from 
the process, allowing big gas companies to choose to build wherever they want, regardless of the consequences for local communities. It would even allow them to build through our treasured national parks. It is an early Christmas gift for big special interests. At some point, we must face the 
facts, Mr. Speaker. 
So I want to say something to my 
colleagues on the Republican side. I know it may make you feel uncomfort-able, but it is the truth: Climate change is real. 
The overwhelming science says it is 
real, yet a huge chunk of the Repub-lican Conference is in denial. They don’t believe there is such a thing as climate change. They don’t believe we have any responsibility to our children or to future generations to combat cli-mate change. 
They are perfectly happy living in 
this fantasy world where you can rely on fossil fuels and rely on fossil fuels and rely on fossil fuels and can just make believe that it has no impact at all on the environment. 
Quite frankly, if climate change 
weren’t such a serious issue, it would be comical, but climate change is a se-rious issue. It is a real issue. It is an issue not just for us; it is an issue for future generations. So their denial, quite frankly, is frightening. 
We shouldn’t be propping up coal and 
oil industries with taxpayer subsidies. We shouldn’t be using taxpayer money to destroy our environment. When the scientific community reaches a clear consensus on an issue like climate change, Congress shouldn’t undermine them with dangerous legislation like this. 
When we receive credible, peer-re-
viewed study after study after study after study that tells us we are in the middle of a climate crisis and that something must be done about it, we need to listen, but the Republican ma-jority refuses to listen. 
Climate change is often referred to as 
the most pressing issue of our time. We know that climate change is for real. We know that. We see it. We live it. The scientific community has verified it. 
Climate change is not a theory, it is 
not a hoax, and it is certainly not some silly fantasy. When arctic ice is crash-ing into the oceans at record rates, that is not a hoax. When species are going extinct at accelerated rates around the globe, that is not a fantasy. When extreme weather events are be-coming commonplace, that is not a theory. When the global temperature of the planet continues to increase every year for decades, we should pay atten-tion. 
These are the exact same scare tac-
tics that have been used for over 45 years in opposition to climate change. It is the same old stuff. Opponents of clean air have been claiming for half a century that clean air regulations would kill jobs and hurt economic growth, but they are wrong. 
The truth is that the Clean Air Act 
alone has created $57 trillion in bene-fits since it was enacted in 1970. The Clean Power Plan will lead to a strong-er economy, a safer climate, and better health for all of us. 
Why is this so difficult? Maybe it is 
because my friends on the other side of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.003 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8661 December 1, 2015 
the aisle don’t like the President, so 
anything that he is for they have to be against. You have got to move beyond your anger. You have got to look at the issues, and you have to evaluate them based on the evidence. 
The evidence is that climate change 
is for real, but you would never know that in listening to the majority. They have no solutions, only denial. Let’s keep on down the road of the same old, same old, and their ‘‘just say no’’ agen-da is a recipe for disaster. 
As we gather here, leaders from all 
around the world are meeting in Paris to talk about how to deal with the issue of climate change. What we should be doing here is providing some wind at the backs of not only our President but of all of the leaders of the world who are gathering to try to figure out how to deal with this chal-lenge. 
Instead of doing that, we are doing 
this. It is really sad that this is what we have come to. If we are going to say ‘‘no’’ to anything today, it should be to this closed rule and to S.J. Res. 23 and to S.J. Res. 24. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 2 minutes. 
The Republican Party is in the ma-
jority today. There are a couple of rea-sons that is so. 
There were bills passed in 2009 and 
2010, and the American people looked at what was happening in their legisla-tive body and said: We need a change. We need a change from the direction in which we are going. 
One of those bills, I will submit, was 
the Waxman-Markey bill, the cap-and- trade scheme that was drawn up in the Energy and Commerce Committee, of which I am a member. I sat through the debate on it. I remember it very well. 
That bill was brought to this floor, 
and that bill was forced through this House in June of 2009, right before Members went home for the 4th of July weekend. 
A lot of people will look at the Af-
fordable Care Act and say that is the reason Congress changed from a major-ity-Democrat institution to a major-ity-Republican institution. It is be-cause of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. 
Yet, Mr. Speaker, I submit that it 
was actually that activity in June of 2009 that caused people to look at what was going on in their Congress and to look at that bill that was drafted in the Energy and Commerce Committee by Chairman Waxman and Chairman M
ARKEY and say: No, not for us. We are 
not going along with this. This is not a direction in which we want you to take this country. 
We still function under that quaint 
notion that we have government with the consent of the governed, but the governed did not consent to what they saw being passed in Congress late in June of 2009. So it is no accident that things are the way they are today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself an additional 1 minute. 
I want to read a passage from col-
umnist George Will from earlier this year, January 7, of his writing in the Washington Post. Mr. Will writes: 
‘‘We know, because they often say so, 
that those who think catastrophic global warming is probable and perhaps imminent are exemplary empiricists. They say those who disagree with them are ‘climate change deniers’ disrespect-ful of science. 
‘‘Actually, however, something about 
which everyone can agree is that, of course, the climate is changing—it al-ways is. And if climate Cassandras are as conscientious as they claim to be about weighing evidence, how do they accommodate historical evidence of enormously consequential episodes of climate change not produced by human activity? Before wagering vast wealth and curtailments of liberty on cor-recting the climate,’’ perhaps they should consider the past. 
Then he goes on to detail those epi-
sodes in the past: the Little Ice Age and the Medieval Warm Period. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself an additional 30 seconds. 
There are, indeed, recent episodes in 
recorded history that can be looked to where the climate has changed and, yes, has affected human behavior and the human condition, but those were not climate changes affected by the re-sult of human activity. Those were caused by natural cycles, within the Sun cycle, within things over which none of us had any control. 
Again, I would take the words of Mr. 
Will to heart. Before we wager vast amounts of wealth and curtailments of liberty, we would do well to consider those facts. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-
quire of the gentleman as to how many more speakers he has, for I am pre-pared to close. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I believe 
I am the only speaker. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
With all due respect to George Will, 
with whom I don’t agree on very much of anything, quite frankly, if he or any-body else really believes that there is no correlation between human activity and climate change, I would suggest that maybe he go back to school, be-cause the overwhelming science tells us that there is a connection. The over-whelming science tells us that our reli-ance on fossil fuels, in particular, has accelerated the climate change on this planet. 
Again, it just astounds me that, on 
an issue on which the scientific com-munity has come together overwhelm-ingly, there is such a disconnect. Again, at a time when all the world’s leaders are gathered in Paris trying to 
figure out how to deal with this chal-lenge, the House of Representatives is dealing with this. I think that is sad and regrettable. 
I ask my colleagues to defeat the pre-
vious question. If we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would grant law en-forcement the authority to block the sale of firearms and explosives to indi-viduals who are suspected of inter-national or domestic terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to include in the R
ECORD the text 
of the amendment, along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to me, 
this should not be controversial, but in this Chamber that is so beholden to the National Rifle Association, this has be-come a point of controversy. We are talking about people who are suspected of international or domestic terrorism. I don’t think any reasonable person feels comfortable with selling those people weapons. 
We ought to be able to come together 
by putting the security interests of the people of this country first and enact-ing this. I hope that there is a strong, bipartisan vote to defeat the previous question so that we can actually bring this up, debate it, and pass it. 
Mr. Speaker, I include for the 
R
ECORD a letter from 120 organiza-
tions—many environmental organiza-tions, many faith-based organiza-tions—all who oppose S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24. 
NOVEMBER 30, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our 
millions of members, the undersigned orga-nizations urge you to oppose Senators McConnell and Capito’s Congressional Re-view Act resolutions of disapproval (S.J. Res. 23 and 24) that would permanently block the EPA’s Clean Power Plan. 
These resolutions are an extreme assault 
on public health, the clean energy economy, and modernizing our energy sector. The Clean Power Plan puts in place common-sense limits on power plant carbon pollution, developed with the input of thousands of stakeholders, and provides the flexibility states need to develop their own plans to meet pollution reduction targets. Blocking these commonsense safeguards puts polluter profits before the health of our children. 
Power plants are the country’s single larg-
est source of the pollution fueling climate change and the Clean Power Plan is the sin-gle biggest step we have ever taken to tackle climate change. This plan is expected to de-liver billions of dollars in benefits and will prevent nearly 3,000 premature deaths and more than a hundred thousand asthma at-tacks per year by 2030. 
Not only would these resolutions undo all 
of the health and economic benefits of the Clean Power Plan, they would also bar EPA from issuing any standards in the future that are substantially similar. This means that Americans would continue to be exposed in-definitely to carbon pollution and the im-pacts of climate change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.020 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8662 December 1, 2015 
The world’s leading scientists agree that 
failing to act on climate change will ensure worsening extreme weather events, threaten food supplies and increase public health risks. We strongly urge you to oppose these resolutions that put the health of our chil-dren and families at risk, threaten the qual-ity of our air, and strip the EPA of the tools to address dangerous carbon pollution. 
Sincerely, 
350.Org, ActionAid USA, Alliance of Nurses 
for Healthy Environments, American Rivers, Appalachian Voices, Arizona Interfaith Power & Light, Arkansas Public Policy Panel, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Air Task Force, Clean Water Action, Climate Action Alliance of the Valley. 
Climate Law & Policy Project, Climate 
Parents, Coalition on the Environment and Jewish Life, Colorado Interfaith Power & Light, Conservation Voters for Idaho, Con-servation Voters of South Carolina, Defend-ers of Wildlife, Delaware Interfaith Power & Light, Earthjustice, Earth Ministry/Wash-ington Interfaith Power & Light, Elders Cli-mate Action, 
Environment America, Environment Ari-
zona, Environment California, Environment Colorado, Environment Connecticut, Envi-ronment Florida, Environment Georgia, En-vironment Iowa, Environment Maine, Envi-ronment Maryland, Environment Massachu-setts, Environment Michigan, Environment Minnesota, Environment Missouri. 
Environment Montana, Environment Ne-
vada, Environment New Mexico, Environ-ment New Hampshire, Environment New York, Environment North Carolina, Environ-ment Ohio, Environment Oregon, Environ-ment Rhode Island, Environment Texas, En-vironment Virginia, Environment Wash-ington, Environmental Advocates of New York. 
Environmental Investigation Agency, En-
vironmental Justice Leadership Forum on Climate Change, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Environmental and Energy Study Institute, Environmental Defense Ac-tion Fund, Georgia Interfaith Power & Light, GreenLatinos, Health Care Without Harm, Hoosier Interfaith Power & Light, Illi-nois Interfaith Power & Light, Interfaith Power & Light, Interfaith Power & Light (DC. MD. NoVA), Iowa Interfaith Power & Light, Iowa Chapter Physicians for Social Responsibility. 
International Forum on Globalization, 
KyotoUSA, League of Conservation Voters, League of Women Voters, Maine Interfaith Power & Light, Maine Conservation Voters, Maryland League of Conservation Voters, Massachusetts Interfaith Power & Light, Michigan League of Conservation Voters, Minnesota Interfaith Power & Light, Mis-souri Interfaith Power & Light, Montana Conservation Voters, Montana Environ-mental Information Center, Natural Re-sources Defense Council. 
Nebraska Interfaith Power & Light, New 
Jersey League of Conservation Voters, New Mexico Interfaith Power & Light, New Vir-ginia Majority, New York Interfaith Power & Light, New York League of Conservation Voters, North Carolina Interfaith Power & Light, North Carolina Council of Churches, North Carolina League of Conservation Vot-ers, Ohio Interfaith Power & Light, Okla-homa Interfaith Power & Light, Oregon League of Conservation Voters, PDA, Tuc-son, PennEnvironment, Pennsylvania Inter-faith Power & Light. 
Physicians for Social Responsibility, Phy-
sicians for Social Responsibility, Arizona, Physicians for Social Responsibility Maine Chapter, Polar Bears International, Protect Our Winters, Public Citizen, Rachel Carson Council, Rhode Island Interfaith Power & Light, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Southern Oregon Climate Ac-
tion Now, Sunshine State Interfaith Power & Light, Tennessee Interfaith Power & Light. 
Texas Interfaith Power & Light, Texas 
Physicians for Social Responsibility, The Climate Reality Project, Union of Concerned Scientists, Utah Interfaith Power & Light, Vermont Interfaith Power and Light, Vir-ginia Interfaith Power & Light, Virginia Or-ganizing, Voces Verdes, Voice for Progress, WE ACT for Environmental Justice, Western Organization of Resource Councils, Wis-consin Environment, Wisconsin Interfaith Power & Light, Wisconsin League of Con-servation Voters, World Wildlife Fund. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude for the R ECORD a letter that was 
sent to every Member of Congress who is opposed to these two bills. It is signed by the Allergy and Asthma Net-work, the American Lung Association, the American Public Health Associa-tion, the Children’s Environmental Health Network, the Trust for Amer-ica’s Health, the National Association of Hispanic Nurses, the Asthma and Al-lergy Foundation of America, and the Health Care Without Harm. 
Again, they are all opposed to the 
legislation that we are bringing before the House today. 
NOVEMBER 16, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned 
public health and medical organizations strongly urge you to oppose Congressional Review Act resolutions H.J. Res. 71 and 72. The measures are excessive attacks on pub-lic health protections from carbon pollution from power plants. 
The Congressional Review Act resolutions 
are an extreme tool that would permanently block the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)’s actions to reduce dangerous carbon pollution from power plants. These resolutions would prevent EPA from moving forward with any substantially similar ac-tion in the future. Carbon pollution from power plants greatly contributes to climate change, which is widely recognized as one of the greatest threats to public health. To pro-tect public health, it is vital that our nation make progress in the fight against climate change. 
As U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy, 
MD, MBA, said during 2015 National Public Health Week, ‘‘We know that climate change means higher temperatures overall, and it also means longer and hotter heat waves . . . higher temperatures can mean worse air in cities, and more smog and more ozone. We know that more intense wildfires will mean increased smoke in the air. And we know that earlier springs and longer summers mean longer allergy seasons.’’ 
The science is clear: communities across 
the nation are experiencing the health ef-fects of climate change now. Climate change is impacting air pollution, which can cause asthma attacks, cardiovascular disease and premature death, and fostering extreme weather patterns, such as heat and severe storms, droughts, wildfires and flooding, that can harm low-income communities dis-proportionately. Bold action is needed to protect public health, which is why our orga-nizations support the Clean Power Plan. 
EPA’s action to reduce carbon pollution 
from power plants will help the nation take important steps toward protecting Ameri-cans’ health from these threats. Not only does the Clean Power Plan give states flexi-ble tools to reduce the carbon pollution that causes climate change, these crucial tools will also have the co-benefit of reducing other deadly pollutants at the same time, preventing up to 3,600 premature deaths and 
90,000 asthma attacks every year by 2030. 
Please make your priority the health of 
your constituents and vote NO on these Con-gressional Review Act resolutions, H.J. Res. 71 and 72. 
Sincerely, 
Allergy and Asthma Network; American 
Lung Association; American Public Health Association; American Thoracic Society; Asthma and Allergy Founda-tion of America; Children’s Environ-mental Health Network; Health Care Without Harm; National Association of Hispanic Nurses; Trust for America’s Health. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I close 
as I began, which is by reminding my colleagues that we are at an important crossroads. We still have an oppor-tunity to do something about climate change. 
We still have an opportunity to be on 
the right side of history. We have the opportunity to do something that is good not only for all of us but for our children, for our grandchildren, and for generations to come. 
We have an opportunity to provide 
some wind at the backs of the leaders from all over the world who are gath-ered in Paris and who are trying to fig-ure out how to deal with the issue of climate change. 
If we want to take advantage of that 
opportunity, we need to reject the same old, same old. We need to under-stand that we need to transition from our historic reliance on fossil fuels. 
There is a correlation between our 
reliance on these forms of energy and what we are seeing right now in our en-vironment. It didn’t begin that way, and we didn’t think we were doing harm to the environment when we were utilizing these resources, but science, over the years, has shown us, undeni-ably, the damage that has been done to our planet. It is up to us to try to re-verse this trend, not to bury our heads in the sand, not to deny science, not to deny climate change, but to do the right thing. 
I hope that my colleagues, even some 
of my Republican colleagues, will join with us in rejecting this legislation and will instead work with this White House and will work with other world leaders to deal with the issue of cli-mate change. 
b1300 
We all talk about national security 
as being our top priority. Well, na-tional security is more than just the number of weapons we have in our ar-senal. It also includes the cleanliness and the purity of our environment. It is about time we become good stewards of this planet. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the previous question and to vote ‘‘no’’ on this backward-thinking legislation that really should not be on the floor today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I do feel obligated to 
point out that, in the absence of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.004 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8663 December 1, 2015 
Waxman-Markey bill, during this ad-
ministration and the previous adminis-tration, between 2005 and 2012, carbon emissions in this country fell by 10 per-cent because of market-based activity. 
That puts the United States halfway 
to the goal that it set for itself in the United Nations agreement, a goal that we would reduce carbon emissions by 20 percent in the year 2020. 
We are halfway there, a 10 percent re-
duction. That is without Waxman-Mar-key. That is without any international agreement that the President might think he is entertaining or entering into over in Paris. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides 
for the consideration of three impor-tant bills for our energy future, two resolutions disapproving of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s green-house gas regulations and a bill that is forward looking that will set this coun-try on the path to greater energy secu-rity. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. M
CGOVERN of Massachusetts is 
as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 539 O FFERED BY  
MR. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  
Strike all after the resolved clause and in-
sert: 
That immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 2. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on 
the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to 
the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). The question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4127) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Com-munity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment and Disability System, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4127 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Budgetary effects. 
TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 102. Classified schedule of authoriza-
tions. 
Sec. 103. Personnel ceiling adjustments. Sec. 104. Intelligence Community Manage-
ment Account. 
Sec. 105. Clarification regarding authority 
for flexible personnel manage-ment among elements of intel-ligence community. 
TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE 
AGENCY RETIREMENT AND DIS-ABILITY SYSTEM 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 301. Increase in employee compensation 
and benefits authorized by law. 
Sec. 302. Restriction on conduct of intel-
ligence activities. 
Sec. 303. Provision of information and as-
sistance to Inspector General of the Intelligence Community. 
Sec. 304. Inclusion of Inspector General of 
Intelligence Community in Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency. 
Sec. 305. Clarification of authority of Pri-
vacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board. 
Sec. 306. Enhancing government personnel 
security programs. 
Sec. 307. Notification of changes to reten-
tion of call detail record poli-cies. 
Sec. 308. Personnel information notification 
policy by the Director of Na-tional Intelligence. 
Sec. 309. Designation of lead intelligence of-
ficer for tunnels. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.025 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8664 December 1, 2015 
Sec. 310. Reporting process required for 
tracking certain requests for country clearance. 
Sec. 311. Study on reduction of analytic du-
plication. 
Sec. 312. Strategy for comprehensive inter-
agency review of the United States national security over-head satellite architecture. 
Sec. 313. Cyber attack standards of measure-
ment study. 
TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-
MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY 
Subtitle A—Office of the Director of 
National Intelligence 
Sec. 401. Appointment and confirmation of 
the National Counterintel-ligence Executive. 
Sec. 402. Technical amendments relating to 
pay under title 5, United States Code. 
Sec. 403. Analytic objectivity review. 
Subtitle B—Central Intelligence Agency and 
Other Elements 
Sec. 411. Authorities of the Inspector Gen-
eral for the Central Intelligence Agency. 
Sec. 412. Prior congressional notification of 
transfers of funds for certain intelligence activities. 
TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
Subtitle A—Matters Relating to Russia 
Sec. 501. Notice of deployment or transfer of 
Club–K container missile sys-tem by the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 502. Assessment on funding of political 
parties and nongovernmental organizations by the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 503. Assessment on the use of political 
assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Fed-eration. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Other 
Countries 
Sec. 511. Report on resources and collection 
posture with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea. 
Sec. 512. Use of locally employed staff serv-
ing at a United States diplo-matic facility in Cuba. 
Sec. 513. Inclusion of sensitive compart-
mented information facilities in United States diplomatic fa-cilities in Cuba. 
Sec. 514. Report on use by Iran of funds 
made available through sanc-tions relief. 
TITLE VI—MATTERS RELATING TO 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA 
Sec. 601. Prohibition on use of funds for 
transfer or release of individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. 
Sec. 602. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house de-tainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 603. Prohibition on use of funds for 
transfer or release to certain countries of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. TITLE VII—REPORTS AND OTHER 
MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Reports 
Sec. 701. Repeal of certain reporting require-
ments. 
Sec. 702. Reports on foreign fighters. Sec. 703. Report on strategy, efforts, and re-
sources to detect, deter, and de-grade Islamic State revenue mechanisms. 
Sec. 704. Report on United States counter-
terrorism strategy to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Is-lamic State, al-Qai’da, and their affiliated groups, associ-ated groups, and adherents. 
Sec. 705. Report on effects of data breach of 
Office of Personnel Manage-ment. 
Sec. 706. Report on hiring of graduates of 
Cyber Corps Scholarship Pro-gram by intelligence commu-nity. 
Sec. 707. Report on use of certain business 
concerns. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
Sec. 711. Use of homeland security grant 
funds in conjunction with De-partment of Energy national laboratories. 
Sec. 712. Inclusion of certain minority-serv-
ing institutions in grant pro-gram to enhance recruiting of intelligence community work-force. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘congressional intelligence 
committees’’ means— 
(1) the Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the Senate; and 
(2) the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives. 
(b) I NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term 
‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
SEC. 3. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go-Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the conduct of the intelligence and intelligence-related ac-tivities of the following elements of the United States Government: 
(1) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
(2) The Central Intelligence Agency. (3) The Department of Defense. (4) The Defense Intelligence Agency. (5) The National Security Agency. (6) The Department of the Army, the De-
partment of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force. 
(7) The Coast Guard. (8) The Department of State. (9) The Department of the Treasury. (10) The Department of Energy. (11) The Department of Justice. (12) The Federal Bureau of Investigation. (13) The Drug Enforcement Administra-
tion. 
(14) The National Reconnaissance Office. (15) The National Geospatial-Intelligence 
Agency. (16) The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
SEC. 102. CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZA-
TIONS. 
(a) S PECIFICATIONS OF AMOUNTS AND PER-
SONNEL LEVELS .—The amounts authorized to 
be appropriated under section 101 and, sub-ject to section 103, the authorized personnel ceilings as of September 30, 2016, for the con-duct of the intelligence activities of the ele-ments listed in paragraphs (1) through (16) of section 101, are those specified in the classi-fied Schedule of Authorizations prepared to accompany this bill. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE  
OFAUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) A VAILABILITY .—The classified Schedule 
of Authorizations referred to in subsection (a) shall be made available to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and to the President. 
(2) D
ISTRIBUTION BY THE PRESIDENT .—Sub-
ject to paragraph (3), the President shall pro-vide for suitable distribution of the classified Schedule of Authorizations, or of appropriate portions of the Schedule, within the execu-tive branch. 
(3) L
IMITS ON DISCLOSURE .—The President 
shall not publicly disclose the classified Schedule of Authorizations or any portion of such Schedule except— 
(A) as provided in section 601(a) of the Im-
plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 3306(a)); 
(B) to the extent necessary to implement 
the budget; or 
(C) as otherwise required by law. 
SEC. 103. PERSONNEL CEILING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR INCREASES .—The Direc-
tor of National Intelligence may authorize employment of civilian personnel in excess of the number authorized for fiscal year 2016 by the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a) if the Director of National Intelligence determines that such action is necessary to the performance of im-portant intelligence functions, except that the number of personnel employed in excess of the number authorized under such section 
may not, for any element of the intelligence community, exceed 3 percent of the number of civilian personnel authorized under such schedule for such element. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL .— 
The Director of National Intelligence shall establish guidelines that govern, for each element of the intelligence community, the treatment under the personnel levels author-ized under section 102(a), including any ex-emption from such personnel levels, of em-ployment or assignment in— 
(1) a student program, trainee program, or 
similar program; 
(2) a reserve corps or as a reemployed an-
nuitant; or 
(3) details, joint duty, or long-term, full- 
time training. 
(c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE  
COMMITTEES .—The Director of National In-
telligence shall notify the congressional in-telligence committees in writing at least 15 days prior to each exercise of an authority described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGE-
MENT ACCOUNT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Intelligence Community Management Account of the Director of National Intel-ligence for fiscal year 2016 the sum of $516,306,000. Within such amount, funds iden-tified in the classified Schedule of Author-izations referred to in section 102(a) for ad-vanced research and development shall re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
(b) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .—The 
elements within the Intelligence Community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8665 December 1, 2015 
Management Account of the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence are authorized 785 posi-tions as of September 30, 2016. Personnel serving in such elements may be permanent employees of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence or personnel detailed from other elements of the United States Government. 
(c) C
LASSIFIED AUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In 
addition to amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Intelligence Community Man-agement Account by subsection (a), there are authorized to be appropriated for the Com-munity Management Account for fiscal year 2016 such additional amounts as are specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a). Such additional amounts for advanced research and develop-ment shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL .—In addi-
tion to the personnel authorized by sub-section (b) for elements of the Intelligence Community Management Account as of Sep-tember 30, 2016, there are authorized such ad-ditional personnel for the Community Man-agement Account as of that date as are spec-ified in the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions referred to in section 102(a). 
SEC. 105. CLARIFICATION REGARDING AUTHOR-
ITY FOR FLEXIBLE PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT AMONG ELEMENTS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) C LARIFICATION .—Section 102A(v) of the 
National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(v)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) A covered department may appoint an 
individual to a position converted or estab-lished pursuant to this subsection without regard to the civil-service laws, including parts II and III of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to an appointment under section 102A(v) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(v)) made on or after the date of the enactment of the Intelligence Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–87) and to any proceeding pending on or filed after the date of the enactment of this section that relates to such an appointment. 
TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-
CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-TEM 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for 
the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2016 the sum of $514,000,000. 
TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. INCREASE IN EMPLOYEE COMPENSA-
TION AND BENEFITS AUTHORIZED BY LAW. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for 
salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such com-pensation or benefits authorized by law. 
SEC. 302. RESTRICTION ON CONDUCT OF INTEL-
LIGENCE ACTIVITIES. 
The authorization of appropriations by 
this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence 
activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
SEC. 303. PROVISION OF INFORMATION AND AS-
SISTANCE TO INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
Section 103H(j)(4) of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(j)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘any 
department, agency, or other element of the United States Government’’ and inserting ‘‘any Federal, State (as defined in section 804), or local governmental agency or unit thereof’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘from 
a department, agency, or element of the Fed-eral Government’’ before ‘‘under subpara-graph (A)’’. 
SEC. 304. INCLUSION OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY IN COUNCIL OF INSPECTORS GENERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFICIENCY. 
Section 11(b)(1)(B) of the Inspector General 
Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Intelligence Community’’. 
SEC. 305. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-SIGHT BOARD. 
Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform 
and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) A
CCESS .—Nothing in this section shall 
be construed to authorize the Board, or any agent thereof, to gain access to information regarding an activity covered by section 503(a) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093(a)).’’. 
SEC. 306. ENHANCING GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL 
SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E NHANCED SECURITY CLEARANCE PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Part III of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subpart J—Enhanced Personnel Security 
Programs 
‘‘CHAPTER 110—ENHANCED PERSONNEL 
SECURITY PROGRAMS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘11001. Enhanced personnel security pro-
grams. 
‘‘SEC. 11001. ENHANCED PERSONNEL SECURITY 
PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E NHANCED PERSONNEL SECURITY PRO-
GRAM .—The Director of National Intelligence 
shall direct each agency to implement a pro-gram to provide enhanced security review of covered individuals— 
‘‘(1) in accordance with this section; and ‘‘(2) not later than the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date that is 5 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Intelligence Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016; or 
‘‘(B) the date on which the backlog of over-
due periodic reinvestigations of covered indi-viduals is eliminated, as determined by the Director of National Intelligence. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPREHENSIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) S OURCES OF INFORMATION .—The en-
hanced personnel security program of an agency shall integrate relevant and appro-priate information from various sources, in-cluding government, publicly available, and commercial data sources, consumer report-ing agencies, social media, and such other sources as determined by the Director of Na-tional Intelligence. 
‘‘(2) T
YPES OF INFORMATION .—Information 
obtained and integrated from sources de-scribed in paragraph (1) may include— 
‘‘(A) information relating to any criminal 
or civil legal proceeding; 
‘‘(B) financial information relating to the 
covered individual, including the credit wor-thiness of the covered individual; 
‘‘(C) publicly available information, wheth-
er electronic, printed, or other form, includ-ing relevant security or counterintelligence information about the covered individual or information that may suggest ill intent, vul-nerability to blackmail, compulsive behav-ior, allegiance to another country, change in ideology, or that the covered individual 
lacks good judgment, reliability, or trust-worthiness; and 
‘‘(D) data maintained on any terrorist or 
criminal watch list maintained by any agen-cy, State or local government, or inter-national organization. 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEWS OF COVERED INDIVIDUALS .— 
‘‘(1) R EVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The enhanced personnel 
security program of an agency shall require that, not less than 2 times every 5 years, the head of the agency shall conduct or request the conduct of automated record checks and checks of information from sources under subsection (b) to ensure the continued eligi-bility of each covered individual to access classified information and hold a sensitive position unless more frequent reviews of automated record checks and checks of in-formation from sources under subsection (b) are conducted on the covered individual. 
‘‘(B) S
COPE OF REVIEWS .—Except for a cov-
ered individual who is subject to more fre-quent reviews to ensure the continued eligi-bility of the covered individual to access classified information and hold a sensitive position, the reviews under subparagraph (A) shall consist of random or aperiodic checks of covered individuals, such that each cov-ered individual is subject to at least 2 re-views during the 5-year period beginning on the date on which the agency implements the enhanced personnel security program of an agency, and during each 5-year period thereafter. 
‘‘(C) I
NDIVIDUAL REVIEWS .—A review of the 
information relating to the continued eligi-bility of a covered individual to access clas-sified information and hold a sensitive posi-tion under subparagraph (A) may not be con-ducted until after the end of the 120-day pe-riod beginning on the date the covered indi-vidual receives the notification required under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) R
ESULTS .—The head of an agency shall 
take appropriate action if a review under paragraph (1) finds relevant information that may affect the continued eligibility of a cov-ered individual to access classified informa-tion and hold a sensitive position. 
‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION FOR COVERED INDIVID -
UALS .—The head of an agency shall ensure 
that each covered individual is adequately advised of the types of relevant security or counterintelligence information the covered individual is required to report to the head of the agency. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to affect the au-thority of an agency to determine the appro-priate weight to be given to information re-lating to a covered individual in evaluating the continued eligibility of the covered indi-vidual. 
‘‘(5) A
UTHORITY OF THE PRESIDENT .—Noth-
ing in this subsection shall be construed as limiting the authority of the President to di-rect or perpetuate periodic reinvestigations of a more comprehensive nature or to dele-gate the authority to direct or perpetuate such reinvestigations. 
‘‘(6) E
FFECT ON OTHER REVIEWS .—Reviews 
conducted under paragraph (1) are in addi-tion to investigations and reinvestigations conducted pursuant to section 3001 of the In-telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341). 
‘‘(d) A
UDIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning 2 years after 
the date of the implementation of the en-hanced personnel security program of an agency under subsection (a), the Inspector General of the agency shall conduct at least 1 audit to assess the effectiveness and fair-ness, which shall be determined in accord-ance with performance measures and stand-ards established by the Director of National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8666 December 1, 2015 
Intelligence, to covered individuals of the 
enhanced personnel security program of the agency. 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSIONS TO DNI .—The results of 
each audit conducted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to assess the effectiveness and fairness of the enhanced personnel secu-rity programs across the Federal Govern-ment. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 3001 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341); 
‘‘(2) the term ‘consumer reporting agency’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘covered individual’ means an 
individual employed by an agency or a con-tractor of an agency who has been deter-mined eligible for access to classified infor-mation or eligible to hold a sensitive posi-tion; 
‘‘(4) the term ‘enhanced personnel security 
program’ means a program implemented by an agency at the direction of the Director of National Intelligence under subsection (a); and’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part III of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end following: 
‘‘Subpart J—Enhanced Personnel Security 
Programs 
‘‘110. Enhanced personnel security 
programs ...................................... 11001’’. 
(b) R
ESOLUTION OF BACKLOG OF OVERDUE  
PERIODIC REINVESTIGATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of National 
Intelligence shall develop and implement a plan to eliminate the backlog of overdue periodic reinvestigations of covered individ-uals. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The plan developed 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) use a risk-based approach to— (i) identify high-risk populations; and (ii) prioritize reinvestigations that are due 
or overdue to be conducted; and 
(B) use random automated record checks of 
covered individuals that shall include all covered individuals in the pool of individuals subject to a one-time check. 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) The term ‘‘covered individual’’ means 
an individual who has been determined eligi-ble for access to classified information or eli-gible to hold a sensitive position. 
(B) The term ‘‘periodic reinvestigations’’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 3001(a)(7) of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(a)(7)). 
SEC. 307. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO RETEN-
TION OF CALL DETAIL RECORD POLICIES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TORETAIN .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days 
after learning that an electronic commu-nication service provider that generates call detail records in the ordinary course of busi-ness has changed the policy of the provider on the retention of such call detail records to result in a retention period of less than 18 months, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall notify, in writing, the congres-sional intelligence committees of such change. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report identifying each electronic communication service pro-vider that has, as of the date of the report, a policy to retain call detail records for a pe-riod of 18 months or less. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ALL DETAIL RECORD .—The term ‘‘call 
detail record’’ has the meaning given that term in section 501(k) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861(k)). 
(2) E
LECTRONIC COMMUNICATION SERVICE  
PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘electronic commu-
nication service provider’’ has the meaning given that term in section 701(b)(4) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881(b)(4)). 
SEC. 308. PERSONNEL INFORMATION NOTIFICA-
TION POLICY BY THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
(a) D IRECTIVE REQUIRED .—The Director of 
National Intelligence shall issue a directive containing a written policy for the timely notification to the congressional intelligence committees of the identities of individuals occupying senior level positions within the intelligence community. 
(b) S
ENIOR LEVEL POSITION .—In identifying 
positions that are senior level positions in the intelligence community for purposes of the directive required under subsection (a), the Director of National Intelligence shall consider whether a position— 
(1) constitutes the head of an entity or a 
significant component within an agency; 
(2) is involved in the management or over-
sight of matters of significant import to the leadership of an entity of the intelligence community; 
(3) provides significant responsibility on 
behalf of the intelligence community; 
(4) requires the management of a signifi-
cant number of personnel or funds; 
(5) requires responsibility management or 
oversight of sensitive intelligence activities; and 
(6) is held by an individual designated as a 
senior intelligence management official as such term is defined in section 368(a)(6) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–259; 50 U.S.C. 404i– 1 note). 
(c) N
OTIFICATION .—The Director shall en-
sure that each notification under the direc-tive issued under subsection (a) includes each of the following: 
(1) The name of the individual occupying 
the position. 
(2) Any previous senior level position held 
by the individual, if applicable, or the posi-tion held by the individual immediately prior to the appointment. 
(3) The position to be occupied by the indi-
vidual. 
(4) Any other information the Director de-
termines appropriate. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—The di-
rective issued under subsection (a) and any amendment to such directive shall be con-sistent with the provisions of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.). 
(e) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees the directive issued under subsection (a). 
SEC. 309. DESIGNATION OF LEAD INTELLIGENCE 
OFFICER FOR TUNNELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of National 
Intelligence shall designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intel-ligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by state and nonstate actors. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than the 
date that is 10 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially there-after until the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) a report de-scribing— (1) trends in the use of tunnels by foreign 
state and nonstate actors; and 
(2) collaboration efforts between the 
United States and partner countries to ad-dress the use of tunnels by adversaries. 
SEC. 310. REPORTING PROCESS REQUIRED FOR 
TRACKING CERTAIN REQUESTS FOR COUNTRY CLEARANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—By not later than Sep-
tember 30, 2016, the Director of National In-telligence shall establish a formal internal reporting process for tracking requests for country clearance submitted to overseas Di-rector of National Intelligence representa-tives by departments and agencies of the United States. Such reporting process shall include a mechanism for tracking the de-partment or agency that submits each such request and the date on which each such re-quest is submitted. 
(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—By not later 
than December 31, 2016, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall brief the congres-sional intelligence committees on the progress of the Director in establishing the process required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 311. STUDY ON REDUCTION OF ANALYTIC 
DUPLICATION. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 
2016, the Director of National Intelligence shall— 
(A) carry out a study to evaluate and 
measure the incidence of duplication in fin-ished intelligence analysis products; and 
(B) submit to the congressional intel-
ligence committees a report on the findings of such study. 
(2) M
ETHODOLOGY REQUIREMENTS .—The 
methodology used to carry out the study re-quired by this subsection shall be able to be repeated for use in other subsequent studies. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a)(1)(B) shall include— 
(1) detailed information— (A) relating to the frequency of duplication 
of finished intelligence analysis products; and 
(B) that describes the types of, and the rea-
sons for, any such duplication; and 
(2) a determination as to whether to make 
the production of such information a routine part of the mission of the Analytic Integrity and Standards Group. 
(c) C
USTOMER IMPACT PLAN.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to the congressional in-telligence committees a plan for revising analytic practice, tradecraft, and standards to ensure customers are able to clearly iden-tify— 
(1) the manner in which intelligence prod-
ucts written on similar topics and that are produced contemporaneously differ from one another in terms of methodology, sourcing, or other distinguishing analytic characteris-tics; and 
(2) the significance of that difference. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to impose any requirement that would interfere with the production of an operationally urgent or otherwise time- sensitive current intelligence product. 
SEC. 312. STRATEGY FOR COMPREHENSIVE 
INTERAGENCY REVIEW OF THE UNITED STATES NATIONAL SECU-RITY OVERHEAD SATELLITE ARCHI-TECTURE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR STRATEGY .—The Di-
rector of National Intelligence shall collabo-rate with the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to de-velop a strategy, with milestones and bench-marks, to ensure that there is a comprehen-sive interagency review of policies and prac-tices for planning and acquiring national se-curity satellite systems and architectures, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8667 December 1, 2015 
including the capabilities of commercial sys-
tems and partner countries, consistent with the National Space Policy issued on June 28, 2010. Such strategy shall, where applicable, account for the unique missions and authori-ties vested in the Department of Defense and the intelligence community. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by 
subsection (a) shall ensure that the United States national security overhead satellite architecture— 
(1) meets the needs of the United States in 
peace time and is resilient in war time; 
(2) is fiscally responsible; (3) accurately takes into account cost and 
performance tradeoffs; 
(4) meets realistic requirements; (5) produces excellence, innovation, com-
petition, and a robust industrial base; 
(6) aims to produce in less than 5 years in-
novative satellite systems that are able to leverage common, standardized design ele-ments and commercially available tech-nologies; 
(7) takes advantage of rapid advances in 
commercial technology, innovation, and commercial-like acquisition practices; 
(8) is open to innovative concepts, such as 
distributed, disaggregated architectures, that could allow for better resiliency, recon-stitution, replenishment, and rapid techno-logical refresh; and 
(9) emphasizes deterrence and recognizes 
the importance of offensive and defensive space control capabilities. 
(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
February 28, 2016, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly submit to the congressional in-telligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the strategy re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 313. CYBER ATTACK STANDARDS OF MEAS-
UREMENT STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out 
a study to determine appropriate standards that— 
(1) can be used to measure the damage of 
cyber incidents for the purposes of deter-mining the response to such incidents; and 
(2) include a method for quantifying the 
damage caused to affected computers, sys-tems, and devices. 
(b) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) P RELIMINARY FINDINGS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees the initial findings of the study required under subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 360 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report containing the complete findings of such study. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by paragraph (2) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional intelligence commit-
tees. 
(2) The Committees on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (4) The Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate. 
TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-
MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY 
Subtitle A—Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence 
SEC. 401. APPOINTMENT AND CONFIRMATION OF 
THE NATIONAL COUNTERINTEL-LIGENCE EXECUTIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 902(a) of the 
Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3382) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There shall be a Na-
tional Counterintelligence Executive who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 402. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATING 
TO PAY UNDER TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 5102(a)(1) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) by inserting after clause (vii) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(viii) the Office of the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence;’’; and 
(3) in clause (x), by striking the period and 
inserting a semicolon. 
SEC. 403. ANALYTIC OBJECTIVITY REVIEW. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Director of National 
Intelligence shall assign the Chief of the Analytic Integrity and Standards Group to conduct a review of finished intelligence products produced by the Central Intel-ligence Agency to assess whether the reorga-nization of the Agency, announced publicly on March 6, 2015, has resulted in any loss of analytic objectivity. 
(b) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than March 6, 
2017, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees, in writing, the results of the review required under subsection (a), in-cluding— 
(1) an assessment comparing the analytic 
objectivity of a representative sample of fin-ished intelligence products produced by the Central Intelligence Agency before the reor-ganization and a representative sample of such finished intelligence products produced after the reorganization, predicated on the products’ communication of uncertainty, ex-pression of alternative analysis, and other underlying evaluative criteria referenced in the Strategic Evaluation of All-Source Anal-ysis directed by the Director; 
(2) an assessment comparing the historical 
results of anonymous surveys of Central In-telligence Agency and customers conducted before the reorganization and the results of such anonymous surveys conducted after the reorganization, with a focus on the analytic standard of objectivity; 
(3) a metrics-based evaluation measuring 
the effect that the reorganization’s integra-tion of operational, analytic, support, tech-nical, and digital personnel and capabilities into Mission Centers has had on analytic ob-jectivity; and 
(4) any recommendations for ensuring that 
analysts of the Central Intelligence Agency perform their functions with objectivity, are not unduly constrained, and are not influ-enced by the force of preference for a par-ticular policy. Subtitle B—Central Intelligence Agency and 
Other Elements 
SEC. 411. AUTHORITIES OF THE INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL FOR THE CENTRAL INTEL-LIGENCE AGENCY. 
(a) I NFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE .—Para-
graph (9) of section 17(e) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(9)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(9)(A) The Inspector General may request 
such information or assistance as may be necessary for carrying out the duties and re-sponsibilities of the Inspector General pro-vided by this section from any Federal, State, or local governmental agency or unit thereof. 
‘‘(B) Upon request of the Inspector General 
for information or assistance from a depart-ment or agency of the Federal Government, the head of the department or agency in-volved, insofar as practicable and not in con-travention of any existing statutory restric-tion or regulation of such department or agency, shall furnish to the Inspector Gen-eral, or to an authorized designee, such in-formation or assistance. 
‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph may be con-
strued to provide any new authority to the Central Intelligence Agency to conduct in-telligence activity in the United States. 
‘‘(D) In this paragraph, the term ‘State’ 
means each of the several States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or possession of the United States.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
SELECTION OF EMPLOYEES .—Paragraph (7) of 
such section (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(7)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘Subject to 
applicable law’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) Consistent with budgetary and per-
sonnel resources allocated by the Director, the Inspector General has final approval of— 
‘‘(i) the selection of internal and external 
candidates for employment with the Office of Inspector General; and 
‘‘(ii) all other personnel decisions con-
cerning personnel permanently assigned to the Office of Inspector General, including se-lection and appointment to the Senior Intel-ligence Service, but excluding all security- based determinations that are not within the authority of a head of other Central Intel-ligence Agency offices.’’. 
SEC. 412. PRIOR CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION 
OF TRANSFERS OF FUNDS FOR CER-TAIN INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the intelligence commu-nity for fiscal year 2016 may be used to ini-tiate a transfer of funds from the Joint Im-provised Explosive Device Defeat Fund or the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund to be used for intelligence activities unless the Director of National Intelligence or the Sec-retary of Defense, as appropriate, submits to the congressional intelligence committees, by not later than 30 days before initiating such a transfer, written notice of the trans-fer. 
(b) W
AIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of National 
Intelligence or the Secretary of Defense, as appropriate, may waive subsection (a) with respect to the initiation of a transfer of funds if the Director or Secretary, as the case may be, determines that an emergency situation makes it impossible or impractical to provide the notice required under such subsection by the date that is 30 days before such initiation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8668 December 1, 2015 
(2) N OTICE .—If the Director or Secretary 
issues a waiver under paragraph (1), the Di-rector or Secretary, as the case may be, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, by not later than 48 hours after the initiation of the transfer of funds cov-ered by the waiver, written notice of the waiver and a justification for the waiver, in-cluding a description of the emergency situa-tion that necessitated the waiver. 
TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
Subtitle A—Matters Relating to Russia 
SEC. 501. NOTICE OF DEPLOYMENT OR TRANS-
FER OF CLUB–K CONTAINER MIS-SILE SYSTEM BY THE RUSSIAN FED-ERATION. 
(a) N OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Director of 
National Intelligence shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees written notice if the intelligence community re-ceives intelligence that the Russian Federa-tion has— 
(1) deployed, or is about to deploy, the 
Club–K container missile system through the Russian military; or 
(2) transferred or sold, or intends to trans-
fer or sell, the Club–K container missile sys-tem to another state or non-state actor. 
(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE  
COMMITTEES .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the Director submits a no-tice under subsection (a), the Director shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a written update regarding any intelligence community engagement with a foreign partner on the deployment and im-pacts of a deployment of the Club–K con-tainer missile system to any potentially im-pacted nation. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional intelligence commit-
tees. 
(2) The Committees on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 502. ASSESSMENT ON FUNDING OF POLIT-
ICAL PARTIES AND NONGOVERN-MENTAL ORGANIZATIONS BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence community as-sessment on the funding of political parties and nongovernmental organizations in former Soviet states and countries in Europe by the Russian Security Services since Janu-ary 1, 2006. Such assessment shall include the following: 
(1) The country involved, the entity fund-
ed, the security service involved, and the in-tended effect of the funding. 
(2) An evaluation of such intended effects, 
including with respect to— 
(A) undermining the political cohesion of 
the country involved; 
(B) undermining the missile defense of the 
United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
(C) undermining energy projects that could 
provide an alternative to Russian energy. 
(b) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional intelligence commit-
tees. (2) The Committees on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 503. ASSESSMENT ON THE USE OF POLIT-
ICAL ASSASSINATIONS AS A FORM OF STATECRAFT BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR ASSESSMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence community assessment on the use of polit-ical assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation since January 1, 2000. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The assessment required by 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a list of Russian politicians, business-
men, dissidents, journalists, current or former government officials, foreign heads- of-state, foreign political leaders, foreign journalists, members of nongovernmental or-ganizations, and other relevant individuals that the intelligence community assesses were assassinated by Russian Security Serv-ices, or agents of such services, since Janu-ary 1, 2000; and 
(2) for each individual described in para-
graph (1), the country in which the assas-sination took place, the means used, associ-ated individuals and organizations, and other background information related to the assas-sination of the individual. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional intelligence commit-
tees. 
(2) The Committees on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Other 
Countries 
SEC. 511. REPORT ON RESOURCES AND COLLEC-
TION POSTURE WITH REGARD TO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA AND EAST CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees an intelligence community as-sessment on the resources used for collection efforts and the collection posture of the in-telligence community with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The intelligence commu-
nity assessment required by subsection (a) shall provide detailed information related to intelligence collection by the United States with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea, including— 
(1) a review of intelligence community col-
lection activities and a description of these activities, including the lead agency, key partners, purpose of collection activity, an-nual funding and personnel, the manner in which the collection is conducted, and types of information collected; 
(2) an explanation of how the intelligence 
community prioritizes and coordinates col-lection activities focused on such region; and 
(3) a description of any collection and 
resourcing gaps and efforts being made to ad-dress such gaps. 
SEC. 512. USE OF LOCALLY EMPLOYED STAFF 
SERVING AT A UNITED STATES DIP-LOMATIC FACILITY IN CUBA. 
(a) S UPERVISORY REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall ensure that each key supervisory position at a United States 
diplomatic facility in Cuba is occupied by a citizen of the United States. 
(2) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary of State 
may extend the deadline to carry out para-graph (1) by not more than one year if the Secretary submits to the appropriate con-gressional committees written notification and justification of such extension before making such extension. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the heads of other appropriate departments or agencies of the Federal Government, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on— 
(1) the progress made by the Secretary 
with respect to carrying out subsection (a)(1); and 
(2) the use of locally employed staff in 
United States diplomatic facilities, includ-ing— 
(A) the number of such staff; 
(B) the responsibilities of such staff; (C) the manner in which such staff are se-
lected, including efforts to mitigate counter-intelligence threats to the United States; and 
(D) the potential cost and effect on the 
operational capacity of the diplomatic facil-ity if the number of such staff was reduced. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 513. INCLUSION OF SENSITIVE COMPART-
MENTED INFORMATION FACILITIES IN UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC FA-CILITIES IN CUBA. 
(a) R ESTRICTED ACCESS SPACE REQUIRE -
MENT .—The Secretary of State shall ensure 
that each United States diplomatic facility in Cuba that, after the date of the enactment of this Act, is constructed or undergoes a construction upgrade includes a sensitive compartmented information facility. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary of State may waive the requirement under subsection (a) if the Secretary— 
(1) determines that such waiver is in the 
national security interest of the United States; 
(2) submits to the appropriate congres-
sional committees written justification for such waiver; and 
(3) a period of 90 days elapses following the 
date of such submission. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 514. REPORT ON USE BY IRAN OF FUNDS 
MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH SANC-TIONS RELIEF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the times specified in 
subsection (b), the Director of National In-telligence, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port assessing the following: 
(1) The monetary value of any direct or in-
direct forms of sanctions relief that Iran has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8669 December 1, 2015 
received since the Joint Plan of Action first 
entered into effect. 
(2) How Iran has used funds made available 
through sanctions relief, including the ex-tent to which any such funds have facilitated the ability of Iran— 
(A) to provide support for— (i) any individual or entity designated for 
the imposition of sanctions for activities re-lating to international terrorism pursuant to an executive order or by the Office of For-eign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury as of the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(ii) any organization designated by the 
Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist or-ganization under section 219(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)) as of the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(iii) any other terrorist organization; or (iv) the regime of Bashar al Assad in Syria; (B) to advance the efforts of Iran or any 
other country to develop nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles overtly or covertly; or 
(C) to commit any violation of the human 
rights of the people of Iran. 
(3) The extent to which any senior official 
of the Government of Iran has diverted any funds made available through sanctions re-lief to be used by the official for personal use. 
(b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall submit 
the report required by subsection (a) to the appropriate congressional committees— 
(A) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter during the period that the Joint Plan of Action is in effect; and 
(B) not later than 1 year after a subsequent 
agreement with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran takes effect and annually thereafter during the period that such agree-ment remains in effect. 
(2) N
ONDUPLICATION .—The Director may 
submit the information required by sub-section (a) with a report required to be sub-mitted to Congress under another provision of law if— 
(A) the Director notifies the appropriate 
congressional committees of the intention of making such submission before submitting that report; and 
(B) all matters required to be covered by 
subsection (a) are included in that report. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORTS .—Each report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be submitted 
in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Fi-nance, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Financial Services, 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) J
OINT PLAN OF ACTION .—The term ‘‘Joint 
Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Plan of Ac-tion, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agree-ments related to the Joint Plan of Action, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, and the ex-tension thereto agreed to on November 24, 2014. TITLE VI—MATTERS RELATING TO 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUAN-TANAMO BAY, CUBA 
SEC. 601. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on De-cember 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release, to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other de-tainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after January 20, 
2009, at United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. 
SEC. 602. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo for the pur-poses of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense unless authorized by Con-gress. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply to any modifica-tion of facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-
vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of Octo-ber 1, 2009, who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 603. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES OF INDIVIDUALS DE-TAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on De-cember 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of any coun-try, or any entity within such country, as follows: 
(1) Libya. (2) Somalia. (3) Syria. (4) Yemen. TITLE VII—REPORTS AND OTHER 
MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Reports 
SEC. 701. REPEAL OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
(a) Q UADRENNIAL AUDIT OF POSITIONS RE-
QUIRING SECURITY CLEARANCES .—Section 
506H of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3104) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; and 
(3) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘The results required under sub-section (a)(2) and the reports required under subsection (b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘The reports required under subsection (a)(1)’’. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON ROLE OF ANALYSTS AT  
FBI.—Section 2001(g) of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 118 Stat. 3700; 28 U.S.C. 532 note) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). 
(c) R
EPORT ON OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT BY OF-
FICERS AND EMPLOYEES OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 102A(u) of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(u)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(1) The Director’’ and in-
serting ‘‘The Director’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(a) of section 507 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3106) is amended— 
(A) by striking paragraph (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
graph (5). 
(3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(c)(1) of such section 507 is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)’’. 
(d) R
EPORTS ON NUCLEAR ASPIRATIONS OF  
NON-STATE ENTITIES .—Section 1055 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (50 U.S.C. 2371) is repealed. 
(e) R
EPORTS ON ESPIONAGE BY PEOPLE ’SRE-
PUBLIC OF CHINA.—Section 3151 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7383e) is repealed. 
(f) R
EPORTS ON SECURITY VULNERABILITIES  
OFNATIONAL LABORATORY COMPUTERS .—Sec-
tion 4508 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2659) is repealed. 
SEC. 702. REPORTS ON FOREIGN FIGHTERS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 60 days thereafter, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on foreign fighter flows to and from Syria and to and from Iraq. The Director shall define the term ‘‘foreign fighter’’ in such reports. 
(b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—Each report 
submitted under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: 
(1) The total number of foreign fighters 
who have traveled to Syria or Iraq since Jan-uary 1, 2011, the total number of foreign fighters in Syria or Iraq as of the date of the submittal of the report, the total number of foreign fighters whose countries of origin have a visa waiver program described in sec-tion 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), the total number of for-eign fighters who have left Syria or Iraq, the total number of female foreign fighters, and the total number of deceased foreign fight-ers. 
(2) The total number of United States per-
sons who have traveled or attempted to trav-el to Syria or Iraq since January 1, 2011, the total number of such persons who have ar-rived in Syria or Iraq since such date, and the total number of such persons who have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8670 December 1, 2015 
returned to the United States from Syria or 
Iraq since such date. 
(3) The total number of foreign fighters in 
the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environ-ment and the status of each such foreign fighter in that database, the number of such foreign fighters who are on a watchlist, and the number of such foreign fighters who are not on a watchlist. 
(4) The total number of foreign fighters 
who have been processed with biometrics, in-cluding face images, fingerprints, and iris scans. 
(5) Any programmatic updates to the for-
eign fighter report since the last report was submitted, including updated analysis on foreign country cooperation, as well as ac-tions taken, such as denying or revoking visas. 
(6) A worldwide graphic that describes for-
eign fighters flows to and from Syria, with points of origin by country. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees a report that includes— 
(1) with respect to the travel of foreign 
fighters to and from Iraq and Syria, a de-scription of the intelligence sharing rela-tionships between the United States and member states of the European Union and member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
(2) an analysis of the challenges impeding 
such intelligence sharing relationships. 
(d) F
ORM.—The reports submitted under 
subsections (a) and (c) may be submitted in classified form. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The requirement to sub-
mit reports under subsection (a) shall termi-nate on the date that is 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 703. REPORT ON STRATEGY, EFFORTS, AND 
RESOURCES TO DETECT, DETER, AND DEGRADE ISLAMIC STATE REV-ENUE MECHANISMS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the intelligence community should dedicate necessary resources to de-feating the revenue mechanisms of the Is-lamic State. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the congressional intelligence com-mittees a report on the strategy, efforts, and resources of the intelligence community that are necessary to detect, deter, and de-grade the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State. 
SEC. 704. REPORT ON UNITED STATES COUNTER-
TERRORISM STRATEGY TO DISRUPT, DISMANTLE, AND DEFEAT THE IS-LAMIC STATE, AL-QA’IDA, AND THEIR AFFILIATED GROUPS, ASSOCIATED GROUPS, AND ADHERENTS. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appro-priate congressional committees a com-prehensive report on the counterterrorism strategy of the United States to disrupt, dis-mantle, and defeat the Islamic State, al- Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associ-ated groups, and adherents. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—The report under para-
graph (1) shall be prepared in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Attorney General, and the Secretary of Defense, and the head of any other department or agency of the Federal Government that has responsibility for ac-tivities directed at combating the Islamic State, al-Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The report under by para-
graph (1) shall include each of the following: 
(A) A definition of— (i) core al-Qa’ida, including a list of which 
known individuals constitute core al-Qa’ida; 
(ii) the Islamic State, including a list of 
which known individuals constitute Islamic State leadership; 
(iii) an affiliated group of the Islamic 
State or al-Qa’ida, including a list of which known groups constitute an affiliate group of the Islamic State or al-Qa’ida; 
(iv) an associated group of the Islamic 
State or al-Qa’ida, including a list of which known groups constitute an associated group of the Islamic State or al-Qa’ida; 
(v) an adherent of the Islamic State or al- 
Qa’ida, including a list of which known groups constitute an adherent of the Islamic State or al-Qa’ida; and 
(vi) a group aligned with the Islamic State 
or al-Qa’ida, including a description of what actions a group takes or statements it makes that qualify it as a group aligned with the Islamic State or al-Qa’ida. 
(B) An assessment of the relationship be-
tween all identified Islamic State or al- Qa’ida affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents with Islamic State leadership or core al-Qa’ida. 
(C) An assessment of the strengthening or 
weakening of the Islamic State or al-Qa’ida, its affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, from January 1, 2010, to the present, including a description of the metrics that are used to assess strength-ening or weakening and an assessment of the relative increase or decrease in violent at-tacks attributed to such entities. 
(D) An assessment of whether an individual 
can be a member of core al-Qa’ida if such in-dividual is not located in Afghanistan or Pakistan. 
(E) An assessment of whether an individual 
can be a member of core al-Qa’ida as well as a member of an al-Qa’ida affiliated group, as-sociated group, or adherent. 
(F) A definition of defeat of the Islamic 
State or core al-Qa’ida. 
(G) An assessment of the extent or coordi-
nation, command, and control between the Islamic State or core al-Qa’ida and their af-filiated groups, associated groups, and adher-ents, specifically addressing each such enti-ty. 
(H) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
counterterrorism operations against the Is-lamic State or core al-Qa’ida, their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, and whether such operations have had a sus-tained impact on the capabilities and effec-tiveness of the Islamic State or core al- Qa’ida, their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
(4) F
ORM.—The report under paragraph (1) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
(1) The congressional intelligence commit-
tees. 
(2) The Committees on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 705. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF DATA BREACH 
OF OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGE-MENT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report on the data breach of the Office of Personnel Management disclosed in June 2015. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The effects, if any, of the data breach 
on the operations of the intelligence commu-nity abroad, including the types of oper-ations, if any, that have been negatively af-fected or entirely suspended or terminated as a result of the data breach. 
(2) An assessment of the effects of the data 
breach on each element of the intelligence community. 
(3) An assessment of how foreign persons, 
groups, or countries may use the data col-lected by the data breach (particularly re-garding information included in background investigations for security clearances), in-cluding with respect to— 
(A) recruiting intelligence assets; (B) influencing decisionmaking processes 
within the Federal Government, including regarding foreign policy decisions; and 
(C) compromising employees of the Federal 
Government and friends and families of such employees for the purpose of gaining access to sensitive national security and economic information. 
(4) An assessment of which departments or 
agencies of the Federal Government use the best practices to protect sensitive data, in-cluding a summary of any such best prac-tices that were not used by the Office of Per-sonnel Management. 
(5) An assessment of the best practices 
used by the departments or agencies identi-fied under paragraph (4) to identify and fix potential vulnerabilities in the systems of the department or agency. 
(c) B
RIEFING .—The Director of National In-
telligence shall provide to the congressional intelligence committees an interim briefing on the report under subsection (a), including 
a discussion of proposals and options for re-sponding to cyber attacks. 
(d) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 706. REPORT ON HIRING OF GRADUATES OF 
CYBER CORPS SCHOLARSHIP PRO-GRAM BY INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in co-ordination with the Director of the National Science Foundation, shall submit to the con-gressional intelligence committees a report on the employment by the intelligence com-munity of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program. The report shall in-clude the following: 
(1) The number of graduates of the Cyber 
Corps Scholarship Program hired by each element of the intelligence community. 
(2) A description of how each element of 
the intelligence community recruits grad-uates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
(3) A description of any processes available 
to the intelligence community to expedite the hiring or processing of security clear-ances for graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
(4) Recommendations by the Director of 
National Intelligence to improve the hiring by the intelligence community of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program, in-cluding any recommendations for legislative action to carry out such improvements. 
(b) C
YBER CORPS SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Cyber 
Corps Scholarship Program’’ means the Fed-eral Cyber Scholarship-for-Service Program under section 302 of the Cybersecurity En-hancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442). 
SEC. 707. REPORT ON USE OF CERTAIN BUSINESS 
CONCERNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8671 December 1, 2015 
submit to the congressional intelligence 
committees a report on the representation, as of the date of the report, of covered busi-ness concerns among the contractors that are awarded contracts by elements of the in-telligence community for goods, equipment, tools, and services. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The representation of covered business 
concerns as described in subsection (a), in-cluding such representation by— 
(A) each type of covered business concern; 
and 
(B) each element of the intelligence com-
munity. 
(2) If, as of the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Director does not record and monitor the statistics required to carry out this section, a description of the actions taken by the Director to ensure that such statistics are recorded and monitored begin-ning in fiscal year 2016. 
(3) The actions the Director plans to take 
during fiscal year 2016 to enhance the award-ing of contracts to covered business concerns by elements of the intelligence community. 
(c) C
OVERED BUSINESS CONCERNS DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘covered business concerns’’ means the following: 
(1) Minority-owned businesses. (2) Women-owned businesses. (3) Small disadvantaged businesses. (4) Service-disabled veteran-owned busi-
nesses. 
(5) Veteran-owned small businesses. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 711. USE OF HOMELAND SECURITY GRANT 
FUNDS IN CONJUNCTION WITH DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL LABORATORIES. 
Section 2008(a) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘including by working in conjunction with a National Laboratory (as defined in section 2(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801(3))),’’ after ‘‘plans,’’. 
SEC. 712. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN MINORITY- 
SERVING INSTITUTIONS IN GRANT PROGRAM TO ENHANCE RECRUIT-ING OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY WORKFORCE. 
Section 1024 of the National Security Act 
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3224) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘histori-
cally black colleges and universities and Predominantly Black Institutions’’ and in-serting ‘‘historically black colleges and uni-versities, Predominantly Black Institutions, Hispanic-serving institutions, and Asian American and Native American Pacific Is-lander-serving institutions’’; and 
(B) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘H
ISTORICALLY BLACK ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ER-
TAIN MINORITY -SERVING ’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (7); and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs (5) and (6): 
‘‘(5) H
ISPANIC -SERVING INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘Hispanic-serving institution’ has the meaning given that term in section 502(a)(5) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a(a)(5)). 
‘‘(6) A
SIAN AMERICAN AND NATIVE AMERICAN  
PACIFIC ISLANDER -SERVING INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-serving institution’ has the meaning given that term in section 320(b)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059g(b)(2)).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S CHIFF ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California (Mr. N UNES ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill, H.R. 4127. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, when Ranking Member 
S
CHIFF and I assumed the helm of the 
Intelligence Committee, we committed to carrying on the practice of passing annual intelligence authorization bills, which is the most important tool Con-gress can use to control the intel-ligence activities of the United States Government. Today, building on the legacy of Chairman R
OGERS and Rank-
ing Member R UPPERSBERGER , we are 
bringing the sixth consecutive intel-ligence authorization bill to the floor. 
Earlier this year the House passed its 
version of the bill with a strong vote. Since then, the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence reported out its version of the bill by a unanimous con-sent vote. I commend Chairman B
URR 
and Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN for their 
leadership on the bill, and I look for-ward to working with them in future years. 
The current bill contains text agreed 
to by both the House and the Senate committees. It preserves key House initiatives while adding several impor-tant provisions from the Senate. None of these provisions are considered con-troversial. 
As most of the intelligence budget in-
volves highly classified programs, the bulk of the direction is found in the bill’s classified annex, which has been available in HVC–304 for all Members to review since yesterday. 
At an unclassified level, I can report 
that the classified annex is consistent with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. It reduces the President’s request by less than 1 percent while still providing an increase above last year’s level. 
The agreed text preserves key com-
mittee and House funding initiatives that are vital to national security. These initiatives are offset by reduc-tions to unnecessary programs and in-creased efficiencies. The agreement also provides substantial intelligence resources to help defeat ISIS and other terrorist groups. 
Mr. Speaker, today the threat facing 
America is higher than at any time since 9/11. ISIS has established a safe haven across Iraq and Syria, and the group hopes to create a state stretch-ing from Lebanon to Iraq, including Syria, Jordan, and Israel. 
The goal of our counterterrorism 
strategy should be to deny safe havens from which terrorists can plot attacks against the United States and our al-lies. Regrettably, we have not pre-
vented ISIS from establishing a safe haven and the group has become skilled at hiding from western intel-ligence services. 
ISIS members have used that breath-
ing room to plan attacks in Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East, and they are undoubtedly planning attacks against the United States. 
We rightly demand that our intel-
ligence agencies provide policymakers with the best and most timely informa-tion possible on the threats we face. We ask them to track terrorists wherever they train, plan, and fundraise. We ask them to stop devastating cyber attacks that steal American jobs. We ask them to track nuclear missile threats. We demand that they get it right every time. 
This bill will ensure that the dedi-
cated men and women of our intel-ligence community have the funding, authorities, and support they need to carry out their mission and to keep us safe. 
Before closing, I want to take a mo-
ment to thank the men and women of this country who serve in our intel-ligence community. I am honored to get to know so many of them in the course of our oversight work. 
I would also like to thank all the 
staff of the committee, both majority and minority, for their hard work on the bill and for their daily oversight of the intelligence community. 
I would especially like to thank Jeff 
Shockey, Shannon Stuart, Andy Peter-son, Jake Crisp, and Michael Ellis for all the long hours they put in to get this bill across the finish line. 
From the minority staff, I would like 
to thank Michael Bahar, Tim Bergreen, Carly Blake, and Wells Bennett for their work on the bill. 
Finally, thank you to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). It has 
been a pleasure to work with him on this bill, and I look forward to con-tinuing the committee’s oversight work with him over the next year. 
I would also like to recognize one 
member of the committee staff, Bill Flanigan. Bill is undergoing surgery today. We wish him all the best in his recovery. 
I urge passage of H.R. 4127. I reserve the balance of my time. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT TO ACCOM -
PANY THE INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2016 
The following consists of the joint explana-
tory statement to accompany the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
This joint explanatory statement reflects 
the status of negotiations and disposition of issues reached between the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence (hereinafter, ‘‘the Agreement’’). The joint explanatory statement shall have the same effect with respect to the implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.006 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8672 December 1, 2015 
The joint explanatory statement comprises 
three parts: first, an overview of the applica-tion of the annex to accompany this state-ment; second, select unclassified congres-sional direction; and third, a section-by-sec-tion analysis of the unclassified legislative text. 
PART I : APPLICATION OF THE CLASSIFIED ANNEX  
The classified nature of U.S. intelligence 
activities prevents the congressional intel-ligence committees from publicly disclosing many details concerning the conclusions and recommendations of the Agreement. There-fore, a classified Schedule of Authorizations and a classified annex have been prepared to describe in detail the scope and intent of the congressional intelligence committees’ ac-tions. The Agreement authorizes the Intel-ligence Community to obligate and expend funds not altered or modified by the classi-fied Schedule of Authorizations as requested in the President’s budget, subject to modi-fication under applicable reprogramming procedures. 
The classified annex is the result of nego-
tiations between the House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence and the Sen-ate Select Committee on Intelligence. It rec-onciles the differences between the commit-tees’ respective versions of the bill for Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Homeland Security Intelligence Program for Fiscal Year 2016. The Agreement also makes recommendations for the Military Intel-ligence Program (MIP), and the Information Systems Security Program, consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and provides certain direc-tion for these two programs 
The Agreement supersedes the classified 
annexes to the reports accompanying H.R. 2596, as passed by the House on June 16, 2015, and S. 1705, as reported by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on July 7, 2015. All references to the House-passed and Sen-ate-reported annexes are solely to identify the heritage of specific provisions. 
The classified Schedule of Authorizations 
is incorporated into the bill pursuant to Sec-tion 102. It has the status of law. The classi-fied annex supplements and adds detail to clarify the authorization levels found in the bill and the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions. The classified annex shall have the same legal force as the report to accompany the bill. 
PART II : SELECT UNCLASSIFIED CONGRESSIONAL  
DIRECTION  
Enhancing Geographic and Demographic Diver-
sity 
The Agreement directs the Office of the Di-
rector for National Intelligence (ODNI) to conduct an awareness, outreach, and recruit-ment program to rural, under-represented colleges and universities that are not part of the IC Centers of Academic Excellence (IC CAE) program. Further, the Agreement di-rects that ODNI shall increase and formally track the number of competitive candidates for IC employment or internships who stud-ied at IC CAE schools and other scholarship programs supported by the IC. 
Additionally, the Agreement directs that 
ODNI, acting through the Executive Agent for the IC CAE program, the IC Chief Human Capital Officer, and the Director, IC Equal Opportunity & Diversity, as appropriate, shall: 
1. Add a criterion to the IC CAE selection 
process that applicants must be part of a consortium or actively collaborate with under-resourced schools in their area; 
2. Work with CAE schools to reach out to 
rural and under-resourced schools, including by inviting such schools to participate in the annual IC CAE colloquium and IC recruit-ment events; 3. Increase and formally track the number 
of competitive IC internship candidates from IC CAE schools, starting with Fiscal Year 2016 IC summer internships, and provide a re-port, within 180 days of the enactment of this Act, on its plan to do so; 
4. Develop metrics to ascertain whether IC 
CAE, the Pat Roberts Intelligence Scholars Program, the Louis Stokes Educational Scholarship Program, and the Intelligence Officer Training Program reach a diverse de-mographic and serve as feeders to the IC workforce; 
5. Include in the annual report on minority 
hiring and retention a breakdown of the stu-dents participating in these programs who serve as IC interns, applied for full-time IC employment, received offers of employment, and entered on duty in the IC; 
6. Conduct a feasibility study with nec-
essary funding levels regarding how the IC CAE could be better tailored to serve under- resourced schools, and provide such study to the congressional intelligence committees within 180 days of the enactment of this Act; 
7. Publicize all IC elements’ recruitment 
activities, including the new Applicant Gate-way and the IC Virtual Career Fair, to rural schools, Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, and other minority-serving institu-tions that have been contacted by IC recruit-ers; 
8. Contact new groups with the objective of 
expanding the IC Heritage Community Liai-son Council; and 
9. Ensure that IC elements add such activi-
ties listed above that may be appropriate to their recruitment plans for Fiscal Year 2016. 
ODNI shall provide an interim update to 
the congressional intelligence committees on its efforts within 90 days of the enact-ment of this Act and include final results in its annual report on minority hiring and re-tention. 
Analytic Duplication & Improving Customer Im-
pact 
The congressional intelligence committees 
are concerned about potential duplication in finished analytic products. Specifically, the congressional intelligence committees are concerned that contemporaneous publication of substantially similar intelligence prod-ucts fosters confusion among intelligence customers (including those in Congress), im-pedes analytic coherence across the IC, and wastes time and effort. The congressional in-telligence committees value competitive analysis, but believe there is room to reduce duplicative analytic activity and improve customer impact. 
Therefore, the Agreement directs ODNI to 
pilot a repeatable methodology to evaluate potential duplication in finished intelligence analytic products and to report the findings to the congressional intelligence committees within 60 days of the enactment of this Act. In addition, the Agreement directs ODNI to report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees within 180 days of enactment of this Act how it will revise analytic practice, tradecraft, and standards to ensure cus-tomers can clearly identify how products that are produced contemporaneously and cover similar topics differ from one another in their methodological, informational, or temporal aspects, and the significance of those differences. This report is not intended to cover operationally urgent analysis or current intelligence. 
Countering Violent Extremism and the Islamic 
State in Iraq and the Levant 
The Agreement directs ODNI, within 180 
days of enactment of this Act and in con-sultation with appropriate interagency part-ners, to brief the congressional intelligence committees on how intelligence agencies are supporting both (1) the Administration’s Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) pro-
gram first detailed in the 2011 White House strategy Empowering Local Partners to Pre-vent Violent Extremism in the United States, which was expanded following the January 2015 White House Summit on Coun-tering Violent Extremism, and (2) the Ad-ministration’s Strategy to Counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which was announced in September 2014. 
Analytic Health Reports 
The Agreement directs the Defense Intel-
ligence Agency (DIA) to provide Analytic Health Reports to the congressional intel-ligence committees on a quarterly basis, in-cluding an update on the specific effect of analytic modernization on the health of the Defense Intelligence Analysis Program (DIAP) and its ability to reduce analytic risk. 
All-Source Analysis Standards 
The Agreement directs DIA to conduct a 
comprehensive evaluation of the Defense In-telligence Enterprise’s (DIE) all-source anal-ysis capability and production in Fiscal Year 2015. The evaluation should assess the ana-lytic output of both NIP and MIP funded all- source analysts, separately and collectively, and apply the following four criteria identi-fied in the ODNI Strategic Evaluation Re-port for all-source analysis: 1) integrated, 2) objective, 3) timely, and 4) value-added. The results of this evaluation shall be included as part of the Fiscal Year 2017 congressional budget justification book. 
Terrorism Investigations 
The Agreement directs the Federal Bureau 
of Investigation (FBI) to submit to the con-gressional intelligence committees, within 180 days of enactment of this Act, a report detailing how FBI has allocated resources between domestic and foreign terrorist threats based on numbers of investigations over the past 5 years. The report should be submitted in unclassified form but may in-clude a classified annex. 
Investigations of Minors Involved in 
Radicalization 
The Agreement directs the FBI to provide 
a briefing to the congressional intelligence committees within 180 days of enactment of this Act on investigations in which minors are encouraged to turn away from violent ex-tremism rather than take actions which that would lead to Federal terrorism indictments. This briefing should place these rates in the context of all investigations of minors for violent extremist activity and should de-
scribe any FBI engagement with minors’ families, law enforcement, or other individ-uals or groups connected to the minor during or after investigations. 
Furthermore, the Agreement directs the 
FBI to include how often undercover agents pursue investigations based on a location of interest related to violent extremist activity compared to investigations of an individual or group believed to be engaged in such ac-tivity. Included should be the number of lo-cations of interest associated with a reli-gious group or entity. This briefing also should include trend analysis covering the last five years describing violent extremist activity in the U.S. 
PART III : SECTION -BY-SECTION ANALYSIS AND  
EXPLANATION OF LEGISLATIVE TEXT  
The following is a section-by-section anal-
ysis and explanation of the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
TITLE I —INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES  
Section 101. Authorization of appropriations 
Section 101 lists the United States Govern-
ment departments, agencies, and other ele-ments for which the Act authorizes appro-priations for intelligence and intelligence-re-lated activities for Fiscal Year 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.008 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8673 December 1, 2015 
Section 102. Classified Schedule of Authoriza-
tions 
Section 102 provides that the details of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties and the applicable personnel levels by program for Fiscal Year 2016 are contained in the classified Schedule of Authorizations and that the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions shall be made available to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives and to the Presi-dent. 
Section 103. Personnel ceiling adjustments 
Section 103 is intended to provide addi-
tional flexibility to the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) in managing the civilian personnel of the Intelligence Community (IC). Section 103 provides that the DNI may authorize employment of civilian personnel in Fiscal Year 2016 in excess of the number of authorized positions by an amount not ex-ceeding three percent of the total limit ap-plicable to each IC element under Section 102. The DNI may do so only if necessary to the performance of important intelligence functions. 
Section 104. Intelligence Community Manage-
ment Account 
Section 104 authorizes appropriations for 
the Intelligence Community Management Account (ICMA) of the Director of National Intelligence and sets the authorized per-sonnel levels for the elements within the ICMA for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Section 105. Clarification regarding authority 
for flexible personnel management among elements of intelligence community 
Section 105 clarifies that certain Intel-
ligence Community elements may make hir-ing decisions based on the excepted service designation. 
TITLE II —CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYSTEM  
Section 201. Authorization of appropriations 
Section 201 authorizes appropriations in 
the amount of $514,000,000 for Fiscal Year 2016 for the Central Intelligence Agency Re-tirement and Disability Fund. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
First, I want to begin by thanking 
Chairman N
UNES . It has been a great 
pleasure to work with him. I greatly appreciate his dedication to the re-sponsibilities that we have, the bipar-tisan way that he has run this com-mittee, the professional way that he and his staff have conducted all the business of the committee. It has just been an honor to work with him, and I am greatly appreciative of all he has done to bring this bill forward. 
I also want to express my gratitude 
to Senators B
URR and F EINSTEIN for 
their efforts at producing this bipar-tisan, bicameral work product. 
Earlier this year the House passed its 
version of the Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act for the fiscal year 2016. After the Senate’s Intelligence Committee advanced its version out of committee, we worked together to produce the bill that is before us today. It is the result of careful negotiations and of a bipar-tisan and bicameral commitment to produce a strong intelligence bill for the sake of our country and of our al-lies. 
I was not able to vote for the intel-
ligence authorization when it first came before the House in June, but I 
am proud to support it today. Many of the underlying issues have been re-solved or significantly improved. This annual bill, like those that came before it, funds, equips, and sets priorities for the U.S. intelligence community, which is critical in the world that we inhabit today. 
The recent Paris attacks drive home 
just how vigilant we need to be, and the bill before us provides urgent re-sources for the fight against ISIS and al Qaeda. At the same time, we must never let our focus on any one threat or terror group distract us from the other challenges we face, like those posed by Iran, North Korea, Russia, and China. 
This bill strikes the right balance by 
providing the necessary means to counter other wide-ranging threats from state and nonstate actors, par-ticularly in cyberspace, outer space, and in the undersea environment. The bill also takes critical steps to shore up our counterintelligence capabilities. This is of particular significance after the devastating OPM breach. 
Additionally, the intelligence au-
thorization continues to be the single most important means by which Con-gress conducts oversight of the intel-ligence community. We much support the IC, but we also have to rigorously oversee it and make sure that what it does in our name comports with our values. 
The bill, therefore, prioritizes and 
provides detailed guidance, strict au-thorizations, and precise limitations on the activities of the intelligence com-munity. It also fences funds to ensure that throughout the year congressional guidance is strictly followed. 
Some of the other highlights of the 
bill include emphasizing collection to monitor and ensure Iran’s compliance with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action—this is critical—funding our most important space programs, in-vesting in space protection and resil-iency, preserving investments in cut-ting-edge technologies, and enhancing oversight of contracting and procure-ment practices. I am particularly pleased with where the revised bill ends up with respect to our space programs. 
Other highlights of the bill are pro-
moting enhancements to our foreign partner capabilities, which are crucial to multiplying the reach and impact of our own intelligence efforts; enhancing human intelligence capabilities, which is often the key to understanding and predicting global events; greatly inten-sifying oversight of defense special op-eration forces activities worldwide. 
The revised bill also continues to in-
corporate some of the excellent provi-sions championed by many of the Democratic members of the House In-telligence Committee as well as Repub-licans, in particular, Mr. H
IMES’ effort 
to enhance the quality of metrics we use to enable more thorough oversight, Ms. S
EWELL ’s provisions to enhance di-
versity within the intelligence commu-nity, Mr. C ARSON ’s provisions to better 
understand FBI resource allocation against domestic and foreign threats and the role of FBI and DNI in coun-tering violent extremism particularly in minors, Ms. S
PEIER ’s provision to 
provide greater human rights oversight of the IC’s relationships with certain foreign partners, Mr. Q
UIGLEY ’s provi-
sion regarding intelligence support to Ukraine, and Mr. S
WALWELL ’s provision 
to ensure that Department of Energy’s national labs can work with State and local government recipients of Home-land Security grants. 
As I said earlier, I was not able to 
support the prior version of the bill, but I am proud to support this version. I urge my colleagues to do the same. This version corrects the misguided overreliance on short-term overseas contingency operations funding to evade the Budget Control Act caps at the expense of our domestic programs. 
The bill still contains unwelcome re-
strictions, in my view, on the closure of our facility at Guantanamo Bay, but it modifies them to mirror the provi-sions, which passed in the National De-fense Authorization Act and which the President recently signed into law. To the extent there are any intelligence funds which could be used to close the prison, these IAA provisions would sub-ject them to the same restrictions as govern the spending of defense funds in the NDAA. 
I remain strongly opposed to any re-
strictions on closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay. As these provisions reflect what is currently in law, I sup-port the larger bill. Especially with what happened in Paris, we need to act now to fund and enable our intelligence agencies. 
Once again, I want to thank Chair-
man N
UNES , Chairman B URR, and Vice 
Chairman F EINSTEIN , as well as the 
wonderful and hardworking staff of the HPSCI and the SSCI. I also want to thank the administration for their good work. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I insert in 
the R
ECORD at this point the second 
part of the joint explanatory statement. 
TITLE III —GENERAL PROVISIONS  
Section 301. Increase in employee compensation 
and benefits authorized by law 
Section 301 provides that funds authorized 
to be appropriated by the Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for federal 
employees may be increased by such addi-tional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
Section 302. Restriction on conduct of intel-
ligence activities 
Section 302 provides that the authorization 
of appropriations by the Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the con-duct of any intelligence activity that is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or laws of the United States. 
Section 303. Provision of information and assist-
ance to Inspector General of the Intelligence Community 
Section 303 amends the National Security 
Act of 1947 to clarify the Inspector General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.009 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8674 December 1, 2015 
of the Intelligence Community’s authority 
to seek information and assistance from fed-eral, state, and local agencies or units there-of. 
Section 304. Inclusion of Inspector General of 
Intelligence Community in Council of In-spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency 
Section 304 amends Section 11(b)(1)(B) of 
the Inspector General Act of 1978 to reflect the correct name of the Office of the Inspec-tor General of the Intelligence Community. The section also clarifies that the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community is a member of the Council of the Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Efficiency. 
Section 305. Clarification of authority of Pri-
vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board 
Section 305 amends the Intelligence Re-
form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (IRTPA) to clarify that nothing in the stat-ute authorizing the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board should be construed to allow that Board to gain access to infor-mation regarding an activity covered by sec-tion 503 of the National Security Act of 1947. 
Section 306. Enhancing government personnel 
security programs 
Section 306 directs the Director of National 
Intelligence (DNI) to develop and implement a plan for eliminating the backlog of overdue periodic investigations, and further requires the DNI to direct each agency to implement a program to provide enhanced security re-view to individuals determined eligible for access to classified information or eligible to hold a sensitive position. 
These enhanced personnel security pro-
grams will integrate information relevant and appropriate for determining an individ-ual’s suitability for access to classified infor-mation; be conducted at least 2 times every 5 years; and commence not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act, or the elimination of the backlog of overdue periodic investigations, whichever occurs first. 
Section 307. Notification of changes to retention 
of call detail record policies 
Section 307 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to notify the congres-sional intelligence committees in writing not later than 15 days after learning that an electronic communication service provider that generates call detail records in the ordi-nary course of business has changed its pol-icy on the retention of such call details records to result in a retention period of less than 18 months. Section 307 further requires the Director to submit to the congressional intelligence committees within 30 days of en-actment a report identifying each electronic communication service provider (if any) that has a current policy in place to retain call detail records for 18 months or less. 
Section 308. Personnel information notification 
policy by the Director of National Intel-ligence 
Section 308 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to establish a policy to ensure timely notification to the congres-sional intelligence committees of the identi-ties of individuals occupying senior level po-sitions within the Intelligence Community. 
Section 309. Designation of lead intelligence of-
ficer for tunnels 
Section 309 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intel-ligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by State and non-State actors. 
Section 310. Reporting process for tracking 
country clearance requests 
Section 310 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence (DNI) to establish a for-mal reporting process for tracking requests 
for country clearance submitted to overseas DNI representatives. Section 310 also re-quires the DNI to brief the congressional in-telligence committees on its progress. 
Section 311. Study on reduction of analytic du-
plication 
Sec. 311 requires DNI to carry out a study 
to identify duplicative analytic products and the reasons for such duplication, ascertain the frequency of and reasons for duplication, and determine whether this review should be considered a part of the responsibilities as-signed to the Analytic Integrity and Stand-ards office inside the Office of the DNI. Sec. 311 also requires DNI to provide a plan for re-vising analytic practice, tradecraft and standards to ensure customers are able to readily identify how analytic products on similar topics that are produced contem-poraneously differ from one another and what is the significance of those differences. 
Section 312. Strategy for comprehensive inter-
agency review of the United States national security overhead satellite architecture 
Section 312 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in collaboration with the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a strat-egy, with milestones and benchmarks, to en-sure that there is a comprehensive inter-agency review of policies and practices for planning and acquiring national security satellite systems and architectures, includ-ing the capabilities of commercial systems and partner countries, consistent with the National Space Policy issued on June 28, 2010. Where applicable, this strategy shall ac-count for the unique missions and authori-ties vested in the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. 
Section 313. Cyber attack standards of measure-
ment study 
Section 313 directs the Director of National 
Intelligence, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Secretary of Defense, to carry out a study to determine the appropriate standards to measure the damage of cyber incidents. 
TITLE IV —MATTERS RELATING TO ELEMENTS OF  
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY  
SUBTITLE A —OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF  
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE  
Section 401. Appointment and confirmation of 
the National Counterintelligence Executive 
Section 401 makes subject to Presidential 
appointment and Senate confirmation, the executive branch position of National Coun-terintelligence Executive (NCIX), which was created by the 2002 Counterintelligence En-hancement Act. Effective December 2014, the NCIX was also dual-hatted as the Director of the National Counterintelligence and Secu-rity Center. 
Section 402. Technical amendments relating to 
pay under title 5, United States Code 
Section 402 amends 5 U.S.C. §5102(a)(1) to 
expressly exclude the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) from the provisions of chapter 51 of title 5, relating to position classification, pay, and allowances for General Schedule employees, which does not apply to ODNI by virtue of the National Security Act. This proposal would have no substantive effect. 
Section 403. Analytic Objectivity Review 
The ODNI’s Analytic Integrity and Stand-
ards (AIS) office was established in response to the requirement in IRTPA for the des-ignation of an entity responsible for ensur-ing that the Intelligence Community’s fin-ished intelligence products are timely, objec-tive, independent of political considerations, based upon all sources of available intel-
ligence, and demonstrative of the standards of proper analytic tradecraft. 
Consistent with responsibilities prescribed 
under IRTPA, Section 403 requires the AIS Chief to conduct a review of finished intel-ligence products produced by the CIA to as-sess whether the reorganization of the Agen-cy, announced publicly on March 6, 2015, has resulted in any loss of analytic objectivity. The report is due two years from the date that the reorganization was announced, March 6, 2017. 
SUBTITLE B —CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
AND OTHER ELEMENTS  
Section 411. Authorities of the Inspector General 
for the Central Intelligence Agency 
Section 411 amends Section 17 of the Cen-
tral Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 to con-solidate the Inspector General’s personnel authorities and to provide the Inspector Gen-eral with the same authorities as other In-spector Generals to request assistance and information from federal, state, and local agencies or units thereof. 
Section 412. Prior congressional notification of 
transfers of funds for certain intelligence activities 
Section 412 requires notification to the 
congressional intelligence committees before transferring funds from the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund or the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund that are to be used for intelligence activities. 
TITLE V —MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN  
COUNTRIES  
SUBTITLE A —MATTERS RELATING TO RUSSIA  
Section 501. Notice of deployment or transfer of 
Club-K container missile system by the Rus-sian Federation 
Section 501 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit written notice to the appropriate congressional committees if the Intelligence Community receives intel-ligence that the Russian Federation has de-ployed, or is about to deploy, the Club-K con-tainer missile system through the Russian military, or transferred or sold, or intends to 
transfer or sell, such system to another state or non-state actor. 
Section 502. Assessment on funding of political 
parties and nongovernmental organizations by the Russian Federation 
Section 502 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit an Intelligence Community assessment to the appropriate congressional committees concerning the funding of political parties and nongovern-mental organizations in the former Soviet States and Europe by the Russian Security Services since January 1, 2006, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act. 
Section 503. Assessment on the use of political 
assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation 
Section 503 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit an Intelligence Community assessment concerning the use of political assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation to the appropriate congressional committees, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act. 
SUBTITLE B —MATTERS RELATING TO OTHER  
COUNTRIES  
Section 511. Report of resources and collection 
posture with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea 
Section 511 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit to the appro-priate congressional committees an Intel-ligence Community assessment on Intel-ligence Community resourcing and collec-tion posture with regard to the South China 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.011 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8675 December 1, 2015 
Sea and East China Sea, not later than 180 
days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act. 
Section 512. Use of locally employed staff serv-
ing at a United States diplomatic facility in Cuba 
Section 512 requires the Secretary of State, 
not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to ensure that every supervisory position at a United States dip-lomatic facility in Cuba is occupied by a cit-izen of the United States who has passed a thorough background check. Further, not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the provision requires the Secretary of State, in coordination with other appropriate government agencies, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to further reduce the reli-ance on locally employed staff in United States diplomatic facilities in Cuba. The plan shall, at a minimum, include cost esti-mates, timelines, and numbers of employees to be replaced. 
Section 513. Inclusion of sensitive compart-
mented information facilities in United States diplomatic facilities in Cuba 
Section 513 requires that each United 
States diplomatic facility in Cuba that is constructed, or undergoes a construction up-grade, be constructed to include a sensitive compartmented information facility. 
Section 514. Report on use by Iran of funds 
made available through sanctions relief 
Section 514 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port assessing the monetary value of any di-rect or indirect form of sanctions relief Iran has received since the Joint Plan of Action (JPOA) entered into effect, and how Iran has used funds made available through such sanctions relief. This report shall be sub-mitted every 180 days while the JPOA is in effect, and not later than 1 year after an agreement relating to Iran’s nuclear pro-gram takes effect, and annually thereafter while that agreement remains in effect. 
TITLE VI —MATTERS RELATING TO UNITED  
STATES NAVAL STATION , GUANTANAMO BAY , 
CUBA  
Section 601. Prohibition on use of funds for 
transfer or release of individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States 
Section 601 states that no amounts author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to transfer or re-lease individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay to or within the United States, its terri-tories, or possessions. 
Section 602. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
Section 602 states that no amounts author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to construct or modify facilities in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house detainees transferred from Guantanamo Bay. 
Section 603. Prohibition on use of funds for 
transfer or release to certain countries of in-dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
Section 603 states that no amounts author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to transfer or re-lease an individual detained at Guantanamo Bay to the custody or control of any coun-
try, or any entity within such country, as follows: Libya, Somalia, Syria, or Yemen. 
TITLE VII —REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS  
SUBTITLE A —REPORTS  
Section 701. Repeal of certain reporting require-
ments 
Section 701 repeals certain reporting re-
quirements. 
Section 702. Reports on foreign fighters 
Section 702 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit a report every 60 days for the three years following the en-actment of this Act to the congressional in-telligence committees on foreign fighter flows to and from Syria and Iraq. Section 702 requires information on the total number of foreign fighters who have traveled to Syria or Iraq, the total number of United States persons who have traveled or attempted to travel to Syria or Iraq, the total number of foreign fighters in Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, the total number of foreign fighters who have been processed with biometrics, any programmatic updates to the foreign fighter report, and a world-wide graphic that describes foreign fighter flows to and from Syria. 
Section 703. Report on strategy, efforts, and re-
sources to detect, deter, and degrade Islamic State revenue mechanisms 
Section 703 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit a report on the strategy, efforts, and resources of the intel-ligence community that are necessary to de-tect, deter, and degrade the revenue mecha-nisms of the Islamic State. 
Section 704. Report on United States counterter-
rorism strategy to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Islamic State, al-Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents 
Section 704 requires the President to sub-
mit to the appropriated congressional com-mittees a comprehensive report on the counterterrorism strategy to disrupt, dis-mantle, and defeat the Islamic State, al- Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associ-ated groups, and adherents. 
Section 705. Report on effects of data breach of 
Office of Personnel Management 
Section 705 requires the President to trans-
mit to the congressional intelligence com-munities a report on the data breach of the Office of Personnel Management. Section 705 requires information on the impact of the breach on intelligence community oper-ations abroad, in addition to an assessment of how foreign persons, groups, or countries may use data collected by the breach and what Federal Government agencies use best practices to protect sensitive data. 
Section 706. Report on hiring of graduates of 
Cyber Corps Scholarship Program by intel-ligence community 
Section 706 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence (DNI) to submit to the congressional intelligence committees a re-port on the employment by the intelligence community of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program. Section 706 requires information on the number of graduates hired by each element of the intelligence community, the recruitment process for each element of the intelligence community, and DNI recommendations to improve the hiring process. 
Section 707. Report on use of certain business 
concerns 
Section 707 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report of covered business concerns—including minor-ity-owned, women-owned, small disadvan-taged, service-enabled veteran-owned, and 
veteran-owned small businesses—among con-tractors that are awarded contracts by the intelligence community for goods, equip-ment, tools and services. 
SUBTITLE B —OTHER MATTERS  
Section 711. Use of homeland security grant 
funds in conjunction with Department of Energy national laboratories 
Section 711 amends Section 2008(a) of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify that the Department of Energy’s national laboratories may seek access to homeland security grant funds. 
Section 712. Inclusion of certain minority-serv-
ing institutions in grant program to en-hance recruiting of intelligence community workforce 
Section 712 amends the National Security 
Act of 1947 to include certain minority-serv-ing institutions in the intelligence officer training programs established under Section 1024 of the Act. 
b1315 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the remainder of my time. 
The world is a dangerous place, and 
our intelligence agencies and profes-sionals are on the front lines of keep-ing us, our allies, and our partners safe. We also have to ensure that no matter how dangerous the world be-comes, the United States adheres to its values. What is done to protect Amer-ica cannot undermine America, and this legislation ensures consistent and rigorous oversight. 
To the men and women of our intel-
ligence community, you continue to have my sincerest gratitude and re-spect for all that you do and my full appreciation of your dedication, your patriotism, and your unparalleled skills. 
We in Congress must now do our part 
by passing this bill, and then we must turn to completing work on cyber leg-islation and to beginning the urgent task of preparing for the fiscal year 2017 authorization bill. 
To Chairman N
UNES , Chairman B URR, 
and Vice Chair F EINSTEIN , thank you 
again for your leadership, your biparti-sanship, and your determination to do what is right. 
To all the Members of the House Per-
manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, I thank you for your good work as well. 
Finally, thank you to our very su-
perb professional staff. You do a great job each and every day, and often for very, very long hours. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, before I 
close, I want to reiterate that the bill is the most effective way for Congress to carry out oversight of intelligence activities. This bill forces the execu-tive branch to remain responsive to congressional direction and priorities. 
As the recent terrorist attacks in 
Paris show, our enemies are rapidly improving their ability to launch dead-ly strikes against the United States and our allies. Given these elevated threat levels, it is crucial that our in-telligence professionals receive the re-sources they need to keep Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.013 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8676 December 1, 2015 
safe. This bill will authorize those re-
sources while ensuring full congres-sional oversight of the intelligence community. I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
again thank Mr. S
CHIFF for his conge-
niality and all of his staff’s work and our staff’s work on our side. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the 
bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee and Ranking member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I rise in support of H.R. 4127, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016,’’ for several reasons. 
With bipartisan legislative changes nego-
tiated and incorporated, H.R. 4127, is an im-proved and acceptable bill that will provide critical funding for our nation’s 16 intelligence agencies. 
While this measure is not perfect, H.R. 4127 
corrects many of the provisions that were ob-jectionable by providing a more balanced and realistic budget for our Intelligence Commu-nity. 
The revised Intelligence Authorization Act 
makes cuts to less effective programs, adds money to underfunded ones, and requires in-telligence agencies to keep Congress abreast 
of their activities to ensure responsible and lawful spending practices. 
More specifically, I am pleased that this bill 
will: provide critical resources for the fight against ISIL; emphasize collection to monitor and ensure compliance with the Iranian nu-clear agreement; provide the necessary means to counter threats from nation-state ac-tors, particularly in cyberspace, space and the undersea environment, and furthermore helps to shore up our counter-proliferation and counter-intelligence capabilities; support our overhead architecture through the funding of critical space programs, invests in space pro-tection and resiliency, preserves investments in cutting-edge technologies, and enhances the oversight of contracting and procurement practices; promotes foreign partner capabili-ties; and enhance human intelligence capabili-ties and oversight throughout CIA’s reorga-nization process. 
H.R. 4127 will provide funding that is 7% 
above last year’s enacted budget level, and only 1% less than President Obama’s budget request. 
Importantly, this version of the bill corrects 
the over-reliance on short-term Overseas Con-tingency Operations (OCO) funding to evade Budget Control Act caps, which proved prob-lematic in the earlier version. 
I applaud my colleagues for working to-
gether to reach agreement on a fair and bal-anced budget framework that does not harm our economy or require draconian cuts. 
Additionally of concern in the prior measure, 
to the extent intelligence funds might be used in an effort to shutter the Guantanamo facility, the Guantanamo-related language in the cur-rent version will merely subject those funds to restrictions identical to those imposed by the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, recently passed and signed into law by the President. 
Lastly, while a provision of H.R. 4127 still 
curtails the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board’s (PCLOB) ability to access infor-
mation regarding covert action, it does not alter the PCLOB’s broader jurisdiction or mis-sion to provide independent oversight and to ensure that the U.S. appropriately protects pri-vacy and civil liberties in its counter terrorism programs. 
With respect to covert actions, the language 
of H.R. 4127 has been reworded to empha-size that such actions are subject to presi-dential approval and reporting to Congress pursuant to existing law. 
The balance between liberty and security 
must be respected to preserve our way of life and the values that countless generations have fought to preserve. 
This includes taking precautionary measures 
to ensure that lives are safe from eminent danger and terrorist threats both domestically and abroad. 
On balance, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4127 con-
tains more salutary than objectionable provi-sions, and for that reason I support this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4127. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Ordering the previous question on H. 
Res. 539; 
Adopting H. Res. 539, if ordered; and Suspending the rules and passing S. 
1170. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN EN-ERGY SECURITY AND INFRA-STRUCTURE ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 23, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 24, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 539) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to mod-ernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy se-curity and diplomacy, and promote en-
ergy efficiency and government ac-countability, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Stand-ards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Ex-isting Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 179, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 646] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.030 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8677 December 1, 2015 
Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Bishop (GA) Ca´rdenas 
Coffman Herrera Beutler Kirkpatrick 
McCollum Ruppersberger Rush Sewell (AL) 
Slaughter Takai Williams 
b1348 
Messrs. ISRAEL, ELLISON, Ms. 
TSONGAS, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. MEEKS changed 
their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. PALAZZO changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
646, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 243, noes 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 647] 
AYES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Fudge 
Herrera Beutler Kirkpatrick Ruppersberger 
Rush Sewell (AL) Slaughter 
Takai Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1359 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.016 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8678 December 1, 2015 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO VACATE PRO-
CEEDINGS ON H.R. 4127, INTEL-LIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that proceedings by which the motion to reconsider was laid upon the table and by which the motion that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4127) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence- related activities of the United States Government, the Community Manage-ment Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes, was adopted be vacated to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the title of the bill. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pro-
ceedings whereby the motion to recon-sider was laid on the table and by which the House adopted the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4127 are vacated, and the Chair will put the question de novo. 
The question is, Will the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4127? 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN RECOGNI-
TION OF THE AFTERMATH OF TERRIBLE ACTS OF VIOLENCE IN COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO 
(Mr. LAMBORN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with sadness in the aftermath of a terrible act of violence that took the lives of three innocent victims and in-jured nine others in my hometown of Colorado Springs, Colorado, last Fri-day. 
Among those lives that were trag-
ically lost was Iraq war veteran and fa-ther of two, Ke’Arre Stewart; wife and mother of two, Jennifer Markovsky; and University of Colorado-Colorado Springs police officer, husband, father of two and the pastor at Hope Chapel, Garrett Swasey, who bravely rushed to the scene to help save others. Officer Swasey immediately left his own juris-diction and rushed to the scene when he got word that an officer was down. 
These three innocent individuals and their families, friends, and loved ones were the victims of senseless violence. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks to the brave first responders and law enforcement officers who re-sponded on that day. Their heroism prevented a bad situation from being so much worse. 
I would also like to thank everyone 
for their outpouring of support and prayers for Colorado Springs. We are a resilient and supportive community that will come together and will pull through this tragedy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
stand with me and my colleagues from the Colorado delegation and with the community of Colorado Springs for a moment of silence and to reflect upon the lives that were lost and to pray for their families and loved ones. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
House will observe a moment of si-lence. 
f 
BREAST CANCER RESEARCH 
STAMP REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1170) to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 422, nays 1, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 648] 
YEAS—422 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici 
Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson 
Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.035 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8679 December 1, 2015 
Stivers 
Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—10 
Fudge 
Herrera Beutler Kirkpatrick Rogers (AL) Ruppersberger 
Rush Sewell (AL) Slaughter Takai 
Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1410 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 648 I was off the floor meeting with an Air Force General when this vote was called. By the time I reached the floor to vote, the gavel had fallen and closed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4127) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, on which a recorded vote has been ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 364, noes 58, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 649] 
AYES—364 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost 
Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton 
Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—58 
Amash 
Bass Blumenauer Capuano Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Conyers DelBene DesJarlais Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Fattah Gabbard Gohmert Gosar Grayson Griffith 
Grijalva Hahn Harris Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Jordan Labrador Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lummis Massie McDermott McGovern Mooney (WV) Moore 
Mulvaney O’Rourke Pallone Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Sanford Schakowsky Takano Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) 
Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Davis, Danny 
Fudge Herrera Beutler Kirkpatrick Pitts 
Ruppersberger Rush Sewell (AL) Slaughter 
Takai Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida) (during the vote). 
There are 2 minutes remaining. 
b1433 
Mr. CONYERS changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing the votes held on December 1, 2015, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Motion on Or-dering the Previous Question on the Rule pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 8, S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res 24. Also, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 539. Finally, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on S. 1170, the Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015, and ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4127, the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 22, 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION RE-AUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER submitted the fol-
lowing conference report and state-ment on the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.015 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8680 December 1, 2015 
funds for Federal-aid highways, high-
way safety programs, and transit pro-grams, and for other purposes: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (TO ACCOMPANY H.R. 22) 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 22), to author-ize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transmit programs, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: 
That the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment as fol-lows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act’’ or the ‘‘FAST Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
DIVISION A—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 1001. Definitions. 
Sec. 1002. Reconciliation of funds. Sec. 1003. Effective date. Sec. 1004. References. 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
Sec. 1101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 1102. Obligation ceiling. Sec. 1103. Definitions. Sec. 1104. Apportionment. Sec. 1105. Nationally significant freight and 
highway projects. 
Sec. 1106. National highway performance pro-
gram. 
Sec. 1107. Emergency relief for federally owned 
roads. 
Sec. 1108. Railway-highway grade crossings. Sec. 1109. Surface transportation block grant 
program. 
Sec. 1110. Highway use tax evasion projects. Sec. 1111. Bundling of bridge projects. Sec. 1112. Construction of ferry boats and ferry 
terminal facilities. 
Sec. 1113. Highway safety improvement pro-
gram. 
Sec. 1114. Congestion mitigation and air quality 
improvement program. 
Sec. 1115. Territorial and Puerto Rico highway 
program. 
Sec. 1116. National highway freight program. Sec. 1117. Federal lands and tribal transpor-
tation programs. 
Sec. 1118. Tribal transportation program 
amendment. 
Sec. 1119. Federal lands transportation pro-
gram. 
Sec. 1120. Federal lands programmatic activi-
ties. 
Sec. 1121. Tribal transportation self-governance 
program. 
Sec. 1122. State flexibility for National Highway 
System modifications. 
Sec. 1123. Nationally significant Federal lands 
and tribal projects program. 
Subtitle B—Planning and Performance 
Management 
Sec. 1201. Metropolitan transportation plan-
ning. 
Sec. 1202. Statewide and nonmetropolitan 
transportation planning. 
Subtitle C—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
Sec. 1301. Satisfaction of requirements for cer-
tain historic sites. 
Sec. 1302. Clarification of transportation envi-
ronmental authorities. Sec. 1303. Treatment of certain bridges under 
preservation requirements. 
Sec. 1304. Efficient environmental reviews for 
project decisionmaking. 
Sec. 1305. Integration of planning and environ-
mental review. 
Sec. 1306. Development of programmatic mitiga-
tion plans. 
Sec. 1307. Technical assistance for States. Sec. 1308. Surface transportation project deliv-
ery program. 
Sec. 1309. Program for eliminating duplication 
of environmental reviews. 
Sec. 1310. Application of categorical exclusions 
for multimodal projects. 
Sec. 1311. Accelerated decisionmaking in envi-
ronmental reviews. 
Sec. 1312. Improving State and Federal agency 
engagement in environmental re-views. 
Sec. 1313. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views. 
Sec. 1314. Categorical exclusion for projects of 
limited Federal assistance. 
Sec. 1315. Programmatic agreement template. Sec. 1316. Assumption of authorities. Sec. 1317. Modernization of the environmental 
review process. 
Sec. 1318. Assessment of progress on accel-
erating project delivery. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous 
Sec. 1401. Prohibition on the use of funds for 
automated traffic enforcement. 
Sec. 1402. Highway Trust Fund transparency 
and accountability. 
Sec. 1403. Additional deposits into Highway 
Trust Fund. 
Sec. 1404. Design standards. 
Sec. 1405. Justification reports for access points 
on the Interstate System. 
Sec. 1406. Performance period adjustment. Sec. 1407. Vehicle-to-infrastructure equipment. Sec. 1408. Federal share payable. Sec. 1409. Milk products. Sec. 1410. Interstate weight limits. Sec. 1411. Tolling; HOV facilities; Interstate re-
construction and rehabilitation. 
Sec. 1412. Projects for public safety relating to 
idling trains. 
Sec. 1413. National electric vehicle charging 
and hydrogen, propane, and nat-ural gas fueling corridors. 
Sec. 1414. Repeat offender criteria. Sec. 1415. Administrative provisions to encour-
age pollinator habitat and forage on transportation rights-of-way. 
Sec. 1416. High priority corridors on National 
Highway System. 
Sec. 1417. Work zone and guard rail safety 
training. 
Sec. 1418. Consolidation of programs. Sec. 1419. Elimination or modification of certain 
reporting requirements. 
Sec. 1420. Flexibility for projects. 
Sec. 1421. Productive and timely expenditure of 
funds. 
Sec. 1422. Study on performance of bridges. Sec. 1423. Relinquishment of park-and-ride lot 
facilities. 
Sec. 1424. Pilot program. Sec. 1425. Service club, charitable association, 
or religious service signs. 
Sec. 1426. Motorcyclist advisory council. Sec. 1427. Highway work zones. Sec. 1428. Use of durable, resilient, and sustain-
able materials and practices. 
Sec. 1429. Identification of roadside highway 
safety hardware devices. 
Sec. 1430. Use of modeling and simulation tech-
nology. 
Sec. 1431. National Advisory Committee on 
Travel and Tourism Infrastruc-ture. 
Sec. 1432. Emergency exemptions. Sec. 1433. Report on Highway Trust Fund ad-
ministrative expenditures. 
Sec. 1434. Availability of reports. Sec. 1435. Appalachian development highway 
system. 
Sec. 1436. Appalachian regional development 
program. 
Sec. 1437. Border State infrastructure. Sec. 1438. Adjustments. Sec. 1439. Elimination of barriers to improve at- 
risk bridges. 
Sec. 1440. At-risk project preagreement author-
ity. 
Sec. 1441. Regional infrastructure accelerator 
demonstration program. 
Sec. 1442. Safety for users. Sec. 1443. Sense of Congress. Sec. 1444. Every Day Counts initiative. Sec. 1445. Water infrastructure finance and in-
novation. 
Sec. 1446. Technical corrections. 
TITLE II—INNOVATIVE PROJECT FINANCE 
Sec. 2001. Transportation Infrastructure Fi-
nance and Innovation Act of 1998 amendments. 
Sec. 2002. Availability payment concession 
model. 
TITLE III—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 3001. Short title. 
Sec. 3002. Definitions. Sec. 3003. Metropolitan and statewide transpor-
tation planning. 
Sec. 3004. Urbanized area formula grants. Sec. 3005. Fixed guideway capital investment 
grants. 
Sec. 3006. Enhanced mobility of seniors and in-
dividuals with disabilities. 
Sec. 3007. Formula grants for rural areas. Sec. 3008. Public transportation innovation. Sec. 3009. Technical assistance and workforce 
development. 
Sec. 3010. Private sector participation. Sec. 3011. General provisions. Sec. 3012. Project management oversight. Sec. 3013. Public transportation safety program. Sec. 3014. Apportionments. Sec. 3015. State of good repair grants. Sec. 3016. Authorizations. Sec. 3017. Grants for buses and bus facilities. Sec. 3018. Obligation ceiling. Sec. 3019. Innovative procurement. Sec. 3020. Review of public transportation safe-
ty standards. 
Sec. 3021. Study on evidentiary protection for 
public transportation safety pro-gram information. 
Sec. 3022. Improved public transportation safety 
measures. 
Sec. 3023. Paratransit system under FTA ap-
proved coordinated plan. 
Sec. 3024. Report on potential of Internet of 
Things. 
Sec. 3025. Report on parking safety. Sec. 3026. Appointment of directors of Wash-
ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. 
Sec. 3027. Effectiveness of public transportation 
changes and funding. 
Sec. 3028. Authorization of grants for positive 
train control. 
Sec. 3029. Amendment to title 5. Sec. 3030. Technical and conforming changes. 
TITLE IV—HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 4002. Highway safety programs. Sec. 4003. Highway safety research and devel-
opment. 
Sec. 4004. High-visibility enforcement program. Sec. 4005. National priority safety programs. Sec. 4006. Tracking process. Sec. 4007. Stop motorcycle checkpoint funding. Sec. 4008. Marijuana-impaired driving. Sec. 4009. Increasing public awareness of the 
dangers of drug-impaired driving. 
Sec. 4010. National priority safety program 
grant eligibility. 
Sec. 4011. Data collection. Sec. 4012. Study on the national roadside sur-
vey of alcohol and drug use by drivers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.040 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8681 December 1, 2015 
Sec. 4013. Barriers to data collection report. 
Sec. 4014. Technical corrections. Sec. 4015. Effective date for certain programs. 
TITLE V—MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
Sec. 5101. Grants to States. 
Sec. 5102. Performance and registration infor-
mation systems management. 
Sec. 5103. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 5104. Commercial driver’s license program 
implementation. 
Sec. 5105. Extension of Federal motor carrier 
safety programs for fiscal year 2016. 
Sec. 5106. Motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram allocation. 
Sec. 5107. Maintenance of effort calculation. 
Subtitle B—Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration Reform 
P
ARTI—R EGULATORY REFORM  
Sec. 5201. Notice of cancellation of insurance. 
Sec. 5202. Regulations. Sec. 5203. Guidance. Sec. 5204. Petitions. Sec. 5205. Inspector standards. Sec. 5206. Applications. 
P
ARTII—C OMPLIANCE , SAFETY , 
ACCOUNTABILITY REFORM  
Sec. 5221. Correlation study. 
Sec. 5222. Beyond compliance. Sec. 5223. Data certification. Sec. 5224. Data improvement. Sec. 5225. Accident review. 
Subtitle C—Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety 
Sec. 5301. Windshield technology. 
Sec. 5302. Prioritizing statutory rulemakings. Sec. 5303. Safety reporting system. Sec. 5304. New entrant safety review program. Sec. 5305. High risk carrier reviews. Sec. 5306. Post-accident report review. Sec. 5307. Implementing safety requirements. 
Subtitle D—Commercial Motor Vehicle Drivers 
Sec. 5401. Opportunities for veterans. 
Sec. 5402. Drug-free commercial drivers. Sec. 5403. Medical certification of veterans for 
commercial driver’s licenses. 
Sec. 5404. Commercial driver pilot program. 
Subtitle E—General Provisions 
Sec. 5501. Delays in goods movement. 
Sec. 5502. Emergency route working group. Sec. 5503. Household goods consumer protection 
working group. 
Sec. 5504. Technology improvements. Sec. 5505. Notification regarding motor carrier 
registration. 
Sec. 5506. Report on commercial driver’s license 
skills test delays. 
Sec. 5507. Electronic logging device require-
ments. 
Sec. 5508. Technical corrections. Sec. 5509. Minimum financial responsibility. Sec. 5510. Safety study regarding double-decker 
motorcoaches. 
Sec. 5511. GAO review of school bus safety. Sec. 5512. Access to National Driver Register. Sec. 5513. Report on design and implementation 
of wireless roadside inspection systems. 
Sec. 5514. Regulation of tow truck operations. Sec. 5515. Study on commercial motor vehicle 
driver commuting. 
Sec. 5516. Additional State authority. Sec. 5517. Report on motor carrier financial re-
sponsibility. 
Sec. 5518. Covered farm vehicles. Sec. 5519. Operators of hi-rail vehicles. Sec. 5520. Automobile transporter. Sec. 5521. Ready mix concrete delivery vehicles. Sec. 5522. Transportation of construction mate-
rials and equipment. 
Sec. 5523. Commercial delivery of light- and me-
dium-duty trailers. 
Sec. 5524. Exemptions from requirements for 
certain welding trucks used in pipeline industry. 
Sec. 5525. Report. TITLE VI—INNOVATION 
Sec. 6001. Short title. 
Sec. 6002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 6003. Technology and innovation deploy-
ment program. 
Sec. 6004. Advanced transportation and conges-
tion management technologies de-ployment. 
Sec. 6005. Intelligent transportation system 
goals. 
Sec. 6006. Intelligent transportation system pur-
poses. 
Sec. 6007. Intelligent transportation system pro-
gram report. 
Sec. 6008. Intelligent transportation system na-
tional architecture and standards. 
Sec. 6009. Communication systems deployment 
report. 
Sec. 6010. Infrastructure development. Sec. 6011. Departmental research programs. Sec. 6012. Research and Innovative Technology 
Administration. 
Sec. 6013. Web-based training for emergency re-
sponders. 
Sec. 6014. Hazardous materials research and de-
velopment. 
Sec. 6015. Office of Intermodalism. Sec. 6016. University transportation centers. Sec. 6017. Bureau of Transportation Statistics. Sec. 6018. Port performance freight statistics 
program. 
Sec. 6019. Research planning. Sec. 6020. Surface transportation system fund-
ing alternatives. 
Sec. 6021. Future interstate study. Sec. 6022. Highway efficiency. Sec. 6023. Transportation technology policy 
working group. 
Sec. 6024. Collaboration and support. Sec. 6025. GAO report. Sec. 6026. Traffic congestion. Sec. 6027. Smart cities transportation planning 
study. 
Sec. 6028. Performance management data sup-
port program. 
TITLE VII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 7001. Short title. 
Subtitle A—Authorizations 
Sec. 7101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Material Safety and 
Improvement 
Sec. 7201. National emergency and disaster re-
sponse. 
Sec. 7202. Motor carrier safety permits. Sec. 7203. Improving the effectiveness of plan-
ning and training grants. 
Sec. 7204. Improving publication of special per-
mits and approvals. 
Sec. 7205. Enhanced reporting. Sec. 7206. Wetlines. Sec. 7207. GAO study on acceptance of classi-
fication examinations. 
Sec. 7208. Hazardous materials endorsement ex-
emption. 
Subtitle C—Safe Transportation of Flammable 
Liquids by Rail 
Sec. 7301. Community safety grants. 
Sec. 7302. Real-time emergency response infor-
mation. 
Sec. 7303. Emergency response. Sec. 7304. Phase-out of all tank cars used to 
transport Class 3 flammable liq-uids. 
Sec. 7305. Thermal blankets. Sec. 7306. Minimum requirements for top fit-
tings protection for class DOT– 117R tank cars. 
Sec. 7307. Rulemaking on oil spill response 
plans. 
Sec. 7308. Modification reporting. Sec. 7309. Report on crude oil characteristics re-
search study. 
Sec. 7310. Hazardous materials by rail liability 
study. Sec. 7311. Study and testing of electronically 
controlled pneumatic brakes. 
TITLE VIII—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
TRANSPORTATION 
Sec. 8001. Multimodal freight transportation. TITLE IX—NATIONAL SURFACE TRANS-
PORTATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU 
Sec. 9001. National Surface Transportation and 
Innovative Finance Bureau. 
Sec. 9002. Council on Credit and Finance. 
TITLE X—SPORT FISH RESTORATION AND 
RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY 
Sec. 10001. Allocations. 
Sec. 10002. Recreational boating safety. 
TITLE XI—RAIL 
Sec. 11001. Short title. 
Subtitle A—Authorizations 
Sec. 11101. Authorization of grants to Amtrak. 
Sec. 11102. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements. 
Sec. 11103. Federal-State partnership for state 
of good repair. 
Sec. 11104. Restoration and enhancement 
grants. 
Sec. 11105. Authorization of appropriations for 
Amtrak Office of Inspector Gen-eral. 
Sec. 11106. Definitions. 
Subtitle B—Amtrak Reforms 
Sec. 11201. Accounts. 
Sec. 11202. Amtrak grant process. Sec. 11203. 5-year business line and asset plans. Sec. 11204. State-supported route committee. Sec. 11205. Composition of Amtrak’s Board of 
Directors. 
Sec. 11206. Route and service planning deci-
sions. 
Sec. 11207. Food and beverage reform. Sec. 11208. Rolling stock purchases. Sec. 11209. Local products and promotional 
events. 
Sec. 11210. Amtrak pilot program for passengers 
transporting domesticated cats and dogs. 
Sec. 11211. Right-of-way leveraging. Sec. 11212. Station development. Sec. 11213. Amtrak boarding procedures. Sec. 11214. Amtrak debt. Sec. 11215. Elimination of duplicative reporting. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
Sec. 11301. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements. 
Sec. 11302. Federal-State partnership for state 
of good repair. 
Sec. 11303. Restoration and enhancement 
grants. 
Sec. 11304. Gulf Coast rail service working 
group. 
Sec. 11305. Northeast Corridor Commission. Sec. 11306. Northeast corridor planning. Sec. 11307. Competition. Sec. 11308. Performance-based proposals. Sec. 11309. Large capital project requirements. Sec. 11310. Small business participation study. Sec. 11311. Shared-use study. Sec. 11312. Northeast Corridor through- 
ticketing and procurement effi-ciencies. 
Sec. 11313. Data and analysis. Sec. 11314. Amtrak Inspector General. Sec. 11315. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 11316. Technical and conforming amend-
ments. 
Subtitle D—Safety 
Sec. 11401. Highway-rail grade crossing safety. 
Sec. 11402. Private highway-rail grade cross-
ings. 
Sec. 11403. Study on use of locomotive horns at 
highway-rail grade crossings. 
Sec. 11404. Positive train control at grade cross-
ings effectiveness study. 
Sec. 11405. Bridge inspection reports. Sec. 11406. Speed limit action plans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8682 December 1, 2015 
Sec. 11407. Alerters. 
Sec. 11408. Signal protection. Sec. 11409. Commuter rail track inspections. Sec. 11410. Post-accident assessment. Sec. 11411. Recording devices. Sec. 11412. Railroad police officers. Sec. 11413. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment. 
Sec. 11414. Report on vertical track deflection. Sec. 11415. Rail passenger liability. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
Sec. 11501. Short title. 
Sec. 11502. Treatment of improvements to rail 
and transit under preservation re-quirements. 
Sec. 11503. Efficient environmental reviews. Sec. 11504. Railroad rights-of-way. 
Subtitle F—Financing 
Sec. 11601. Short title; references. 
Sec. 11602. Definitions. Sec. 11603. Eligible applicants. Sec. 11604. Eligible purposes. Sec. 11605. Program administration. Sec. 11606. Loan terms and repayment. Sec. 11607. Credit risk premiums. Sec. 11608. Master credit agreements. Sec. 11609. Priorities and conditions. Sec. 11610. Savings provisions. Sec. 11611. Report on leveraging RRIF. 
DIVISION B—COMPREHENSIVE TRANSPOR-
TATION AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
TITLE XXIV—MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Vehicle Safety 
Sec. 24101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 24102. Inspector general recommendations. Sec. 24103. Improvements in availability of re-
call information. 
Sec. 24104. Recall process. Sec. 24105. Pilot grant program for state notifi-
cation to consumers of motor vehi-cle recall status. 
Sec. 24106. Recall obligations under bank-
ruptcy. 
Sec. 24107. Dealer requirement to check for open 
recall. 
Sec. 24108. Extension of time period for remedy 
of tire defects. 
Sec. 24109. Rental car safety. Sec. 24110. Increase in civil penalties for viola-
tions of motor vehicle safety. 
Sec. 24111. Electronic odometer disclosures. Sec. 24112. Corporate responsibility for NHTSA 
reports. 
Sec. 24113. Direct vehicle notification of recalls. Sec. 24114. Unattended children warning. Sec. 24115. Tire pressure monitoring system. Sec. 24116. Information regarding components 
involved in recall. 
Subtitle B—Research And Development And 
Vehicle Electronics 
Sec. 24201. Report on operations of the council 
for vehicle electronics, vehicle software, and emerging tech-nologies. 
Sec. 24202. Cooperation with foreign govern-
ments. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Provisions 
P
ARTI—DRIVER PRIVACY ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 24301. Short title. 
Sec. 24302. Limitations on data retrieval from 
vehicle event data recorders. 
Sec. 24303. Vehicle event data recorder study. 
PARTII—SAFETY THROUGH INFORMED 
CONSUMERS ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 24321. Short title. 
Sec. 24322. Passenger motor vehicle informa-
tion. 
PARTIII—TIRE EFFICIENCY, SAFETY, AND 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 24331. Short title. 
Sec. 24332. Tire fuel efficiency minimum per-
formance standards. Sec. 24333. Tire registration by independent 
sellers. 
Sec. 24334. Tire identification study and report. Sec. 24335. Tire recall database. 
P
ARTIV—ALTERNATIVE FUEL VEHICLES 
Sec. 24341. Regulatory parity for natural gas 
vehicles. 
PARTV—MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY 
WHISTLEBLOWER ACT 
Sec. 24351. Short title. 
Sec. 24352. Motor vehicle safety whistleblower 
incentives and protections. 
Subtitle D—Additional Motor Vehicle Provisions 
Sec. 24401. Required reporting of NHTSA agen-
da. 
Sec. 24402. Application of remedies for defects 
and noncompliance. 
Sec. 24403. Retention of safety records by man-
ufacturers. 
Sec. 24404. Nonapplication of prohibitions relat-
ing to noncomplying motor vehi-cles to vehicles used for testing or evaluation. 
Sec. 24405. Treatment of low-volume manufac-
turers. 
Sec. 24406. Motor vehicle safety guidelines. Sec. 24407. Improvement of data collection on 
child occupants in vehicle crash-es. 
DIVISION C—FINANCE 
TITLE XXXI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
RELATED TAXES 
Subtitle A—Extension of Trust Fund 
Expenditure Authority and Related Taxes 
Sec. 31101. Extension of Highway Trust Fund 
expenditure authority. 
Sec. 31102. Extension of highway-related taxes. 
Subtitle B—Additional Transfers to Highway 
Trust Fund 
Sec. 31201. Further additional transfers to trust 
fund. 
Sec. 31202. Transfer to Highway Trust Fund of 
certain motor vehicle safety pen-alties. 
Sec. 31203. Appropriation from Leaking Under-
ground Storage Tank Trust Fund. 
TITLE XXXII—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Tax Provisions 
Sec. 32101. Revocation or denial of passport in 
case of certain unpaid taxes. 
Sec. 32102. Reform of rules relating to qualified 
tax collection contracts. 
Sec. 32103. Special compliance personnel pro-
gram. 
Sec. 32104. Repeal of modification of automatic 
extension of return due date for certain employee benefit plans. 
Subtitle B—Fees and Receipts 
Sec. 32201. Adjustment for inflation of fees for 
certain customs services. 
Sec. 32202. Limitation on surplus funds of Fed-
eral reserve banks. 
Sec. 32203. Dividends of Federal reserve banks. Sec. 32204. Strategic Petroleum Reserve draw-
down and sale. 
Sec. 32205. Repeal. 
Subtitle C—Outlays 
Sec. 32301. Interest on overpayment. 
Subtitle D—Budgetary Effects 
Sec. 32401. Budgetary effects. 
DIVISION D—MISCELLANEOUS 
TITLE XLI—FEDERAL PERMITTING 
IMPROVEMENT 
Sec. 41001. Definitions. 
Sec. 41002. Federal Permitting Improvement 
Council. 
Sec. 41003. Permitting process improvement. Sec. 41004. Interstate compacts. Sec. 41005. Coordination of required reviews. Sec. 41006. Delegated State permitting pro-
grams. 
Sec. 41007. Litigation, judicial review, and sav-
ings provision. Sec. 41008. Reports. 
Sec. 41009. Funding for governance, oversight, 
and processing of environmental reviews and permits. 
Sec. 41010. Application. Sec. 41011. GAO Report. Sec. 41012. Savings provision. Sec. 41013. Sunset. Sec. 41014. Placement. 
TITLE XLII—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 42001. GAO report on refunds to registered 
vendors of kerosene used in non-commercial aviation. 
TITLE XLIII—PAYMENTS TO CERTIFIED 
STATES AND INDIAN TRIBES 
Sec. 43001. Payments from Abandoned Mine 
Reclamation Fund. 
DIVISION E—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
Sec. 50001. Short title. TITLE LI—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PROVI-
SIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
Sec. 51001. Reduction in authorized amount of 
outstanding loans, guarantees, and insurance. 
Sec. 51002. Increase in loss reserves. Sec. 51003. Review of fraud controls. Sec. 51004. Office of Ethics. Sec. 51005. Chief Risk Officer. Sec. 51006. Risk Management Committee. Sec. 51007. Independent audit of bank portfolio. Sec. 51008. Pilot program for reinsurance. 
TITLE LII—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
Sec. 52001. Increase in small business lending 
requirements. 
Sec. 52002. Report on programs for small- and 
medium-sized businesses. 
TITLE LIII—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
Sec. 53001. Electronic payments and documents. 
Sec. 53002. Reauthorization of information 
technology updating. 
TITLE LIV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 54001. Extension of authority. 
Sec. 54002. Certain updated loan terms and 
amounts. 
TITLE LV—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 55001. Prohibition on discrimination based 
on industry. 
Sec. 55002. Negotiations to end export credit fi-
nancing. 
Sec. 55003. Study of financing for information 
and communications technology systems. 
DIVISION F—ENERGY SECURITY 
Sec. 61001. Emergency preparedness for energy 
supply disruptions. 
Sec. 61002. Resolving environmental and grid 
reliability conflicts. 
Sec. 61003. Critical electric infrastructure secu-
rity. 
Sec. 61004. Strategic Transformer Reserve. Sec. 61005. Energy security valuation. 
DIVISION G—FINANCIAL SERVICES 
TITLE LXXI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAP-
ITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES 
Sec. 71001. Filing requirement for public filing 
prior to public offering. 
Sec. 71002. Grace period for change of status of 
emerging growth companies. 
Sec. 71003. Simplified disclosure requirements 
for emerging growth companies. 
TITLE LXXII—DISCLOSURE 
MODERNIZATION AND SIMPLIFICATION 
Sec. 72001. Summary page for form 10–K. 
Sec. 72002. Improvement of regulation S–K. Sec. 72003. Study on modernization and sim-
plification of regulation S–K. 
TITLE LXXIII—BULLION AND COLLECT-
IBLE COIN PRODUCTION EFFICIENCY AND COST SAVINGS 
Sec. 73001. Technical corrections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8683 December 1, 2015 
Sec. 73002. American Eagle Silver Bullion 30th 
Anniversary. 
TITLE LXXIV—SBIC ADVISERS RELIEF 
Sec. 74001. Advisers of SBICs and venture cap-
ital funds. 
Sec. 74002. Advisers of SBICs and private 
funds. 
Sec. 74003. Relationship to State law. 
TITLE LXXV—ELIMINATE PRIVACY 
NOTICE CONFUSION 
Sec. 75001. Exception to annual privacy notice 
requirement under the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act. 
TITLE LXXVI—REFORMING ACCESS FOR 
INVESTMENTS IN STARTUP ENTERPRISES 
Sec. 76001. Exempted transactions. TITLE LXXVII—PRESERVATION ENHANCE-
MENT AND SAVINGS OPPORTUNITY 
Sec. 77001. Distributions and residual receipts. 
Sec. 77002. Future refinancings. Sec. 77003. Implementation. 
TITLE LXXVIII—TENANT INCOME 
VERIFICATION RELIEF 
Sec. 78001. Reviews of family incomes. 
TITLE LXXIX—HOUSING ASSISTANCE 
EFFICIENCY 
Sec. 79001. Authority to administer rental as-
sistance. 
Sec. 79002. Reallocation of funds. 
TITLE LXXX—CHILD SUPPORT 
ASSISTANCE 
Sec. 80001. Requests for consumer reports by 
State or local child support en-forcement agencies. 
TITLE LXXXI—PRIVATE INVESTMENT IN 
HOUSING 
Sec. 81001. Budget-neutral demonstration pro-
gram for energy and water con-servation improvements at multi-family residential units. 
TITLE LXXXII—CAPITAL ACCESS FOR 
SMALL COMMUNITY FINANCIAL INSTI-TUTIONS 
Sec. 82001. Privately insured credit unions au-
thorized to become members of a Federal home loan bank. 
Sec. 82002. GAO Report. 
TITLE LXXXIII—SMALL BANK EXAM 
CYCLE REFORM 
Sec. 83001. Smaller institutions qualifying for 
18-month examination cycle. 
TITLE LXXXIV—SMALL COMPANY SIMPLE 
REGISTRATION 
Sec. 84001. Forward incorporation by reference 
for Form S–1. 
TITLE LXXXV—HOLDING COMPANY REG-
ISTRATION THRESHOLD EQUALIZATION 
Sec. 85001. Registration threshold for savings 
and loan holding companies. 
TITLE LXXXVI—REPEAL OF 
INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 
Sec. 86001. Repeal. TITLE LXXXVII—TREATMENT OF DEBT OR 
EQUITY INSTRUMENTS OF SMALLER IN-STITUTIONS 
Sec. 87001. Date for determining consolidated 
assets. 
TITLE LXXXVIII—STATE LICENSING 
EFFICIENCY 
Sec. 88001. Short title. 
Sec. 88002. Background checks. 
TITLE LXXXIX—HELPING EXPAND LEND-
ING PRACTICES IN RURAL COMMUNITIES 
Sec. 89001. Short title. 
Sec. 89002. Designation of rural area. Sec. 89003. Operations in rural areas. 
DIVISION A—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 1001. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division, the following definitions 
apply: (1) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
(2) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 1002. RECONCILIATION OF FUNDS. 
The Secretary shall reduce the amount appor-
tioned or allocated for a program, project, or ac-tivity under titles I and VI of this Act in fiscal year 2016 by amounts apportioned or allocated pursuant to any extension Act of MAP–21, in-cluding the amendments made by that extension Act, during the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of making such reduc-tions, funds set aside pursuant to section 133(h) of title 23, United States Code, as amended by this Act, shall be reduced by the amount set aside pursuant to section 213 of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, this division, 
including the amendments made by this divi-sion, takes effect on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 1004. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any 
reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this divi-sion shall be treated as referring only to the pro-visions of this division. 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
SEC. 1101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are au-
thorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count): 
(1) F
EDERAL -AID HIGHWAY PROGRAM .—For the 
national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation block grant program under section 133 of that title, the highway safe-ty improvement program under section 148 of that title, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149 of that title, the national highway freight pro-gram under section 167 of that title, and to carry out section 134 of that title— 
(A) $39,727,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $40,547,805,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $41,424,020,075 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $42,358,903,696 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $43,373,294,311 for fiscal year 2020. (2) T
RANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE  
AND INNOVATION PROGRAM .—For credit assist-
ance under the transportation infrastructure fi-nance and innovation program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $285,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (3) F
EDERAL LANDS AND TRIBAL TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAMS .— 
(A) T RIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .—For 
the tribal transportation program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $465,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $475,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $485,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $495,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (v) $505,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
(B) F
EDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION PRO -
GRAM .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—For the Federal lands trans-
portation program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code— 
(I) $335,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (II) $345,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (III) $355,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (IV) $365,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (V) $375,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (ii) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amount made avail-
able for a fiscal year under clause (i)— 
(I) the amount for the National Park Service 
is— (aa) $268,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; 
(bb) $276,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (cc) $284,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (dd) $292,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (ee) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (II) the amount for the United States Fish and 
Wildlife Service is $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020; and 
(III) the amount for the United States Forest 
Service is— 
(aa) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (bb) $16,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (cc) $17,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (dd) $18,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (ee) $19,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (C) F
EDERAL LANDS ACCESS PROGRAM .—For 
the Federal lands access program under section 204 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $255,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $265,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (v) $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (4) T
ERRITORIAL AND PUERTO RICO HIGHWAY  
PROGRAM .—For the territorial and Puerto Rico 
highway program under section 165 of title 23, United States Code, $200,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020. 
(5) N
ATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FREIGHT AND  
HIGHWAY PROJECTS .—For nationally significant 
freight and highway projects under section 117 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $800,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $850,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $900,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $950,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (b) D
ISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTERPRISES .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) while significant progress has occurred 
due to the establishment of the disadvantaged business enterprise program, discrimination and related barriers continue to pose significant ob-stacles for minority- and women-owned busi-nesses seeking to do business in federally as-sisted surface transportation markets across the United States; 
(B) the continuing barriers described in sub-
paragraph (A) merit the continuation of the dis-advantaged business enterprise program; 
(C) Congress has received and reviewed testi-
mony and documentation of race and gender discrimination from numerous sources, includ-ing congressional hearings and roundtables, sci-entific reports, reports issued by public and pri-vate agencies, news stories, reports of discrimi-nation by organizations and individuals, and discrimination lawsuits, which show that race- and gender-neutral efforts alone are insufficient to address the problem; 
(D) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) demonstrate that discrimination across the United States poses a barrier to full and fair participation in surface transportation-related businesses of women business owners and minority business owners and has impacted firm development and many aspects of surface transportation-related busi-ness in the public and private markets; and 
(E) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) provide a strong basis that there is a compelling need for the con-tinuation of the disadvantaged business enter-prise program to address race and gender dis-crimination in surface transportation-related business. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(A) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ means a small business concern (as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or indi-viduals that have average annual gross receipts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8684 December 1, 2015 
during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of 
$23,980,000, as adjusted annually by the Sec-retary for inflation. 
(B) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUALS .—The term ‘‘socially and 
economically disadvantaged individuals’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and rel-evant subcontracting regulations issued pursu-ant to that Act, except that women shall be pre-sumed to be socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals for purposes of this sub-section. 
(3) A
MOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .— 
Except to the extent that the Secretary deter-mines otherwise, not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available for any program under titles I, II, III, and VI of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, shall be ex-pended through small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals. 
(4) A
NNUAL LISTING OF DISADVANTAGED BUSI -
NESS ENTERPRISES .—Each State shall annually— 
(A) survey and compile a list of the small busi-
ness concerns referred to in paragraph (3) in the State, including the location of the small busi-ness concerns in the State; and 
(B) notify the Secretary, in writing, of the 
percentage of the small business concerns that are controlled by— 
(i) women; 
(ii) socially and economically disadvantaged 
individuals (other than women); and 
(iii) individuals who are women and are oth-
erwise socially and economically disadvantaged individuals. 
(5) U
NIFORM CERTIFICATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish minimum uniform criteria for use by State governments in certifying whether a concern qualifies as a small business concern for the purpose of this subsection. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The minimum uniform cri-
teria established under subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to a potential small busi-ness concern— 
(i) on-site visits; (ii) personal interviews with personnel; (iii) issuance or inspection of licenses; (iv) analyses of stock ownership; (v) listings of equipment; (vi) analyses of bonding capacity; (vii) listings of work completed; (viii) examination of the resumes of principal 
owners; 
(ix) analyses of financial capacity; and (x) analyses of the type of work preferred. (6) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall establish 
minimum requirements for use by State govern-ments in reporting to the Secretary— 
(A) information concerning disadvantaged 
business enterprise awards, commitments, and achievements; and 
(B) such other information as the Secretary 
determines to be appropriate for the proper mon-itoring of the disadvantaged business enterprise program. 
(7) C
OMPLIANCE WITH COURT ORDERS .—Noth-
ing in this subsection limits the eligibility of an individual or entity to receive funds made avail-able under titles I, II, III, and VI of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, if the entity or person is prevented, in whole or in part, from complying with paragraph (3) be-cause a Federal court issues a final order in which the court finds that a requirement or the implementation of paragraph (3) is unconstitu-tional. 
(8) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROMPT PAYMENT  
OF DBE SUBCONTRACTORS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(A) the Secretary should take additional steps 
to ensure that recipients comply with section 26.29 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (the disadvantaged business enterprises prompt payment rule), or any corresponding regulation, in awarding federally funded transportation contracts under laws and regulations adminis-
tered by the Secretary; and 
(B) such additional steps should include in-
creasing the Department’s ability to track and keep records of complaints and to make that in-formation publicly available. 
SEC. 1102. OBLIGATION CEILING. 
(a) G ENERAL LIMITATION .—Subject to sub-
section (e), and notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the obligations for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction pro-grams shall not exceed— 
(1) $42,361,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $43,266,100,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $44,234,212,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $45,268,596,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (5) $46,365,092,000 for fiscal year 2020. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations under sub-
section (a) shall not apply to obligations under or for— 
(1) section 125 of title 23, United States Code; (2) section 147 of the Surface Transportation 
Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); 
(3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway Act 
of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); 
(4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of the 
Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
(5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of the 
Surface Transportation and Uniform Relocation Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
(6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); 
(7) section 157 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect on June 8, 1998); 
(8) section 105 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(9) Federal-aid highway programs for which 
obligation authority was made available under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Cen-tury (112 Stat. 107) or subsequent Acts for mul-tiple years or to remain available until ex-pended, but only to the extent that the obliga-tion authority has not lapsed or been used; 
(10) section 105 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that section were not subject to a limitation on obligations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; 
(12) section 119 of title 23, United States Code 
(as in effect for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); and 
(13) section 119 of title 23, United States Code 
(but, for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years). 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF OBLIGATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, 
the Secretary— 
(1) shall not distribute obligation authority 
provided by subsection (a) for the fiscal year for— 
(A) amounts authorized for administrative ex-
penses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of 
Transportation Statistics; 
(2) shall not distribute an amount of obliga-
tion authority provided by subsection (a) that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— 
(A) made available from the Highway Trust 
Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and (B) for which obligation authority was pro-
vided in a previous fiscal year; 
(3) shall determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation authority provided by sub-
section (a) for the fiscal year, less the aggregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to 
(B) the total of the sums authorized to be ap-
propriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appropriated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (12) of subsection (b) and sums author-ized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount re-ferred to in subsection (b)(13) for the fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not dis-tributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; 
(4) shall distribute the obligation authority 
provided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) applies) that are allocated by the Secretary under this Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under sections 202 or 204 of that title, by multiplying— 
(A) the proportion determined under para-
graph (3); by 
(B) the amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for each such program for the fiscal year; and 
(5) shall distribute the obligation authority 
provided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code (other than the amounts ap-portioned for the national highway performance program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(13) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— 
(A) amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for the fis-cal year; bears to 
(B) the total of the amounts authorized to be 
appropriated for the programs that are appor-tioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for the fiscal year. 
(d) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  
AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020— 
(1) revise a distribution of the obligation au-
thority made available under subsection (c) if an amount distributed cannot be obligated dur-ing that fiscal year; and 
(2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141)) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), obligation limitations imposed by sub-section (a) shall apply to contract authority for transportation research programs carried out under— 
(A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code; 
and 
(B) title VI of this Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made 
available under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal 
years; and 
(B) be in addition to the amount of any limi-
tation imposed on obligations for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction pro-grams for future fiscal years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8685 December 1, 2015 
(f) R EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  
FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds author-ized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— 
(A) are authorized to be appropriated for the 
fiscal year for Federal-aid highway programs; and 
(B) the Secretary determines will not be allo-
cated to the States (or will not be apportioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obli-gation, for the fiscal year because of the imposi-tion of any obligation limitation for the fiscal year. 
(2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed under 
paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the dis-tribution of obligation authority under sub-section (c)(5). 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to each 
State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in section 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 1103. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (29); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (15) through 
(28) as paragraphs (16) through (29), respec-tively; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (14) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(15) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT NETWORK .— 
The term ‘National Highway Freight Network’ means the National Highway Freight Network established under section 167.’’. 
SEC. 1104. APPORTIONMENT. 
(a) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
104(a)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to be made available to the Secretary for administra-tive expenses of the Federal Highway Adminis-tration— 
‘‘(A) $453,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $459,795,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $466,691,925 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $473,692,304 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(E) $480,797,689 for fiscal year 2020.’’. (b) D
IVISION AMONG PROGRAMS OF STATE’S 
SHARE OF BASEAPPORTIONMENT .—Section 104(b) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(b) D IVISION OF ’’ and all that 
follows before paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) D
IVISION AMONG PROGRAMS OF STATE’S 
SHARE OF BASE APPORTIONMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall distribute the amount of the base apportionment apportioned to a State for a fis-cal year under subsection (c) among the na-tional highway performance program, the sur-face transportation block grant program, the highway safety improvement program, the con-gestion mitigation and air quality improvement program, the national highway freight program, and to carry out section 134 as follows:’’; 
(2) in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) by striking 
‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and (6)’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading by striking 
‘‘S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘S URFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK  
GRANT PROGRAM ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘surface transportation pro-
gram’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’; 
(4) in paragraph (4), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the amount de-termined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount of the base apportion-ment remaining for the State under subsection 
(c) after making the set aside in accordance with paragraph (5)’’; 
(5) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); 
(6) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For the national highway 
freight program under section 167, the Secretary shall set aside from the base apportionment de-termined for a State under subsection (c) an amount determined for the State under subpara-graphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) T
OTAL AMOUNT .—The total amount set 
aside for the national highway freight program for all States shall be— 
‘‘(i) $1,150,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $1,100,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $1,200,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $1,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(v) $1,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(C) S
TATE SHARE .—For each fiscal year, the 
Secretary shall distribute among the States the total set-aside amount for the national highway freight program under subparagraph (B) so that each State receives the amount equal to the pro-portion that— 
‘‘(i) the total base apportionment determined 
for the State under subsection (c); bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total base apportionments for all 
States under subsection (c). 
‘‘(D) M
ETROPOLITAN PLANNING .—Of the 
amount set aside under this paragraph for a State, the Secretary shall use to carry out sec-tion 134 an amount determined by multiplying the set-aside amount by the proportion that— 
‘‘(i) the amount apportioned to the State to 
carry out section 134 for fiscal year 2009; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funds apportioned to 
the State for that fiscal year for the programs referred to in section 105(a)(2) (except for the high priority projects program referred to in sec-tion 105(a)(2)(H)), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405).’’; and 
(7) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated), in 
the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the amount determined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount of the base apportionment remaining for a State under subsection (c) after making the set aside in accordance with paragraph (5)’’. 
(c) C
ALCULATION OF STATE AMOUNTS .—Section 
104(c) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) C
ALCULATION OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATE SHARE .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2020, the amount for each State shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(A) I
NITIAL AMOUNTS .—The initial amounts 
for each State shall be determined by multi-plying— 
‘‘(i) each of— ‘‘(I) the base apportionment; ‘‘(II) supplemental funds reserved under sub-
section (h)(1) for the national highway perform-ance program; and 
‘‘(III) supplemental funds reserved under sub-
section (h)(2) for the surface transportation block grant program; by 
‘‘(ii) the share for each State, which shall be 
equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(I) the amount of apportionments that the 
State received for fiscal year 2015; bears to 
‘‘(II) the amount of those apportionments re-
ceived by all States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS TO AMOUNTS .—The initial 
amounts resulting from the calculation under subparagraph (A) shall be adjusted to ensure that each State receives an aggregate apportion-ment equal to at least 95 percent of the esti-mated tax payments attributable to highway users in the State paid into the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) in the most recent fiscal year for which data are available. ‘‘(2) S
TATE APPORTIONMENT .—On October 1 of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall apportion the sums authorized to be ap-propriated for expenditure on the national high-way performance program under section 119, the surface transportation block grant program under section 133, the highway safety improve-ment program under section 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national highway freight program under section 167, and to carry out sec-tion 134 in accordance with paragraph (1).’’. 
(d) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS.—Section 104 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) S UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS FOR NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) A MOUNT .—Before making an apportion-
ment for a fiscal year under subsection (c), the Secretary shall reserve for the national highway performance program under section 119 for that fiscal year an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) $53,596,122 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(ii) $66,717,816 for fiscal year 2020. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS .—Funds reserved 
under subparagraph (A) and apportioned to a State under subsection (c) shall be treated as if apportioned under subsection (b)(1), and shall be in addition to amounts apportioned under that subsection. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS FOR SURFACE  
TRANSPORTATION BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) A MOUNT .—Before making an apportion-
ment for a fiscal year under subsection (c), the Secretary shall reserve for the surface transpor-tation block grant program under section 133 for that fiscal year an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) $835,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
and 2017 pursuant to section 133(h), plus— 
‘‘(I) $55,426,310 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(II) $89,289,904 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(ii) $850,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 
through 2020 pursuant to section 133(h), plus— 
‘‘(I) $118,013,536 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(II) $130,688,367 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(III) $170,053,448 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS .—Funds reserved 
under subparagraph (A) and apportioned to a State under subsection (c) shall be treated as if apportioned under subsection (b)(2), and shall be in addition to amounts apportioned under that subsection. 
‘‘(i) B
ASEAPPORTIONMENT DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘base apportionment’ means— 
‘‘(1) the combined amount authorized for ap-
propriation for the national highway perform-ance program under section 119, the surface transportation block grant program under sec-tion 133, the highway safety improvement pro-gram under section 148, the congestion mitiga-tion and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national highway freight pro-gram under section 167, and to carry out section 134; minus 
‘‘(2) supplemental funds reserved under sub-
section (h) for the national highway perform-ance program and the surface transportation block grant program.’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 104(d)(1)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of subsection (b)’’. 
(2) Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(5)(D), or (6)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(i) by striking ‘‘and 
(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(D), and (6)’’. 
(3) Section 135(i) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 104(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of sec-tion 104(b)’’. 
(4) Section 136(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the first sentence by strik-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (5) of section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8686 December 1, 2015 
104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through 
(6) of section 104(b)’’. 
(5) Section 141(b)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (5) of section 104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 104(b)’’. 
(6) Section 505(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through (5)’’. 
SEC. 1105. NATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FREIGHT 
AND HIGHWAY PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting after section 116 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 117. Nationally significant freight and 
highway projects 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established a na-
tionally significant freight and highway projects program to provide financial assistance for projects of national or regional significance. 
‘‘(2) G
OALS.—The goals of the program shall 
be to— 
‘‘(A) improve the safety, efficiency, and reli-
ability of the movement of freight and people; 
‘‘(B) generate national or regional economic 
benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(C) reduce highway congestion and bottle-
necks; 
‘‘(D) improve connectivity between modes of 
freight transportation; 
‘‘(E) enhance the resiliency of critical high-
way infrastructure and help protect the envi-ronment; 
‘‘(F) improve roadways vital to national en-
ergy security; and 
‘‘(G) address the impact of population growth 
on the movement of people and freight. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram established in subsection (a), the Secretary may make grants, on a competitive basis, in ac-cordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT AMOUNT .—Except as otherwise 
provided, each grant made under this section shall be in an amount that is at least $25,000,000. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make a 
grant under this section to the following: 
‘‘(A) A State or a group of States. ‘‘(B) A metropolitan planning organization 
that serves an urbanized area (as defined by the Bureau of the Census) with a population of more than 200,000 individuals. 
‘‘(C) A unit of local government or a group of 
local governments. 
‘‘(D) A political subdivision of a State or local 
government. 
‘‘(E) A special purpose district or public au-
thority with a transportation function, includ-ing a port authority. 
‘‘(F) A Federal land management agency that 
applies jointly with a State or group of States. 
‘‘(G) A tribal government or a consortium of 
tribal governments. 
‘‘(H) A multistate or multijurisdictional group 
of entities described in this paragraph. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this section, an entity specified in para-graph (1) shall submit to the Secretary an appli-cation in such form, at such time, and con-taining such information as the Secretary deter-mines is appropriate. 
‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (e), the Secretary may make a grant under this section only for a project that— 
‘‘(A) is— ‘‘(i) a highway freight project carried out on 
the National Highway Freight Network estab-lished under section 167; 
‘‘(ii) a highway or bridge project carried out 
on the National Highway System, including— 
‘‘(I) a project to add capacity to the Interstate 
System to improve mobility; or ‘‘(II) a project in a national scenic area; 
‘‘(iii) a freight project that is— ‘‘(I) a freight intermodal or freight rail 
project; or 
‘‘(II) within the boundaries of a public or pri-
vate freight rail, water (including ports), or intermodal facility and that is a surface trans-portation infrastructure project necessary to fa-cilitate direct intermodal interchange, transfer, or access into or out of the facility; or 
‘‘(iv) a railway-highway grade crossing or 
grade separation project; and 
‘‘(B) has eligible project costs that are reason-
ably anticipated to equal or exceed the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) $100,000,000; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a project— ‘‘(I) located in 1 State, 30 percent of the 
amount apportioned under this chapter to the State in the most recently completed fiscal year; or 
‘‘(II) located in more than 1 State, 50 percent 
of the amount apportioned under this chapter to the participating State with the largest appor-tionment under this chapter in the most recently completed fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than $500,000,000 
of the amounts made available for grants under this section for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, in the aggregate, may be used to make grants for projects described in paragraph (1)(A)(iii) and such a project may only receive a grant under this section if— 
‘‘(i) the project will make a significant im-
provement to freight movements on the National Highway Freight Network; and 
‘‘(ii) the Federal share of the project funds 
only elements of the project that provide public benefits. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The limitation under sub-
paragraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) shall not apply to a railway-highway 
grade crossing or grade separation project; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to a multimodal project, 
shall apply only to the non-highway portion or portions of the project. 
‘‘(e) S
MALL PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall reserve 
10 percent of the amounts made available for grants under this section each fiscal year to make grants for projects described in subsection (d)(1)(A) that do not satisfy the minimum threshold under subsection (d)(1)(B). 
‘‘(2) G
RANT AMOUNT .—Each grant made under 
this subsection shall be in an amount that is at least $5,000,000. 
‘‘(3) P
ROJECT SELECTION CONSIDERATIONS .—In 
addition to other applicable requirements, in making grants under this subsection the Sec-retary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) the cost effectiveness of the proposed 
project; and 
‘‘(B) the effect of the proposed project on mo-
bility in the State and region in which the project is carried out. 
‘‘(f) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COSTS.—Grant 
amounts received for a project under this section may be used for— 
‘‘(1) development phase activities, including 
planning, feasibility analysis, revenue fore-casting, environmental review, preliminary engi-neering and design work, and other preconstruction activities; and 
‘‘(2) construction, reconstruction, rehabilita-
tion, acquisition of real property (including land related to the project and improvements to the land), environmental mitigation, construc-tion contingencies, acquisition of equipment, and operational improvements directly related to improving system performance. 
‘‘(g) P
ROJECT REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary 
may select a project described under this section (other than subsection (e)) for funding under this section only if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(1) the project will generate national or re-
gional economic, mobility, or safety benefits; ‘‘(2) the project will be cost effective; 
‘‘(3) the project will contribute to the accom-
plishment of 1 or more of the national goals de-scribed under section 150 of this title; 
‘‘(4) the project is based on the results of pre-
liminary engineering; 
‘‘(5) with respect to related non-Federal fi-
nancial commitments— 
‘‘(A) 1 or more stable and dependable sources 
of funding and financing are available to con-struct, maintain, and operate the project; and 
‘‘(B) contingency amounts are available to 
cover unanticipated cost increases; 
‘‘(6) the project cannot be easily and effi-
ciently completed without other Federal funding or financial assistance available to the project sponsor; and 
‘‘(7) the project is reasonably expected to 
begin construction not later than 18 months after the date of obligation of funds for the project. 
‘‘(h) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In mak-
ing a grant under this section, the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(1) utilization of nontraditional financing, 
innovative design and construction techniques, or innovative technologies; 
‘‘(2) utilization of non-Federal contributions; 
and 
‘‘(3) contributions to geographic diversity 
among grant recipients, including the need for a balance between the needs of rural and urban communities. 
‘‘(i) R
URAL AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall reserve 
not less than 25 percent of the amounts made available for grants under this section, includ-ing the amounts made available under sub-section (e), each fiscal year to make grants for projects located in rural areas. 
‘‘(2) E
XCESS FUNDING .—In any fiscal year in 
which qualified applications for grants under this subsection will not allow for the amount re-served under paragraph (1) to be fully utilized, the Secretary shall use the unutilized amounts to make other grants under this section. 
‘‘(3) R
URAL AREA DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘rural area’ means an area that is outside an urbanized area with a popu-lation of over 200,000. 
‘‘(j) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
cost of a project assisted with a grant under this section may not exceed 60 percent. 
‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM FEDERAL INVOLVEMENT .—Fed-
eral assistance other than a grant under this section may be used to satisfy the non-Federal share of the cost of a project for which such a grant is made, except that the total Federal as-sistance provided for a project receiving a grant under this section may not exceed 80 percent of the total project cost. 
‘‘(3) F
EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCIES .— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any Federal funds other than those made avail-able under this title or title 49 may be used to pay the non-Federal share of the cost of a project carried out under this section by a Fed-eral land management agency, as described under subsection (c)(1)(F). 
‘‘(k) T
REATMENT OF FREIGHT PROJECTS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, a freight project carried out under this section shall be treated as if the project is located on a Federal-aid highway. 
‘‘(l) TIFIA P
ROGRAM .—At the request of an el-
igible applicant under this section, the Secretary may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide the entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with respect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
‘‘(m) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) N OTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At least 60 days before 
making a grant for a project under this section, the Secretary shall notify, in writing, the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8687 December 1, 2015 
the House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Environment and Public Works of the Senate of the proposed grant. The notification shall in-clude an evaluation and justification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award. 
‘‘(B) M
ULTIMODAL PROJECTS .—In addition to 
the notice required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate before making a grant for a project described in subsection (d)(1)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary may not make a grant or any other obli-gation or commitment to fund a project under this section if a joint resolution is enacted dis-approving funding for the project before the last day of the 60-day period described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(n) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
make available on the Web site of the Depart-ment of Transportation at the end of each fiscal year an annual report that lists each project for which a grant has been provided under this sec-tion during that fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) A SSESSMENT .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct an assess-ment of the administrative establishment, solici-tation, selection, and justification process with respect to the funding of grants under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
initial awarding of grants under this section, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port that describes— 
‘‘(i) the adequacy and fairness of the process 
by which each project was selected, if applica-ble; and 
‘‘(ii) the justification and criteria used for the 
selection of each project, if applicable.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 116 the following: 
‘‘117. Nationally significant freight and high-
way projects.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL .—Section 1301 of SAFETEA–LU 
(23 U.S.C. 101 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 1106. NATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE 
PROGRAM. 
Section 119 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) TIFIA P ROGRAM .—Upon Secretarial ap-
proval of credit assistance under chapter 6, the Secretary, at the request of a State, may allow the State to use funds apportioned under section 104(b)(1) to pay subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide an eligible entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with respect to a project eligible for assistance under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING ELIGIBILITY FOR  
CERTAIN BRIDGES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds apportioned to a 
State to carry out the national highway per-formance program may be obligated for a project for the reconstruction, resurfacing, restoration, rehabilitation, or preservation of a bridge not on the National Highway System, if the bridge is on a Federal-aid highway. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—A State required to make 
obligations under subsection (f) shall ensure such requirements are satisfied in order to use the flexibility under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(j) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
‘‘(1) C RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘critical infrastructure’ means those facilities the incapacity or failure of which would have a debilitating impact on 
national or regional economic security, national or regional energy security, national or regional public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—The asset management 
plan of a State may include consideration of critical infrastructure from among those facili-ties in the State that are eligible under sub-section (c). 
‘‘(3) R
ISK REDUCTION .—A State may use funds 
apportioned under this section for projects in-tended to reduce the risk of failure of critical in-frastructure in the State.’’. 
SEC. 1107. EMERGENCY RELIEF FOR FEDERALLY 
OWNED ROADS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 125(d)(3) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) projects eligible for assistance under this 
section located on tribal transportation facili-ties, Federal lands transportation facilities, or other federally owned roads that are open to public travel (as defined in subsection (e)(1)).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 125(e) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(A) O PEN TO PUBLIC TRAVEL .—The term 
‘open to public travel’ means, with respect to a road, that, except during scheduled periods, ex-treme weather conditions, or emergencies, the road— 
‘‘(i) is maintained; ‘‘(ii) is open to the general public; and ‘‘(iii) can accommodate travel by a standard 
passenger vehicle, without restrictive gates or prohibitive signs or regulations, other than for general traffic control or restrictions based on size, weight, or class of registration. 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARD PASSENGER VEHICLE .—The 
term ‘standard passenger vehicle’ means a vehi-cle with 6 inches of clearance from the lowest point of the frame, body, suspension, or dif-ferential to the ground.’’. 
SEC. 1108. RAILWAY-HIGHWAY GRADE CROSSINGS. 
Section 130(e)(1) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) S ET ASIDE .—Before making an appor-
tionment under section 104(b)(3) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall set aside, from amounts made available to carry out the high-way safety improvement program under section 148 for such fiscal year, for the elimination of hazards and the installation of protective de-vices at railway-highway crossings at least— 
‘‘(i) $225,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; 
‘‘(ii) $230,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $235,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $240,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(v) $245,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(B) I
NSTALLATION OF PROTECTIVE DEVICES .— 
At least 1⁄2of the funds set aside each fiscal year 
under subparagraph (A) shall be available for the installation of protective devices at railway- highway crossings. 
‘‘(C) O
BLIGATION AVAILABILITY .—Sums set 
aside each fiscal year under subparagraph (A) shall be available for obligation in the same manner as funds apportioned under section 104(b)(1).’’. 
SEC. 1109. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the benefits of the surface transportation 
block grant program accrue principally to the residents of each State and municipality where the funds are obligated; 
(2) decisions about how funds should be obli-
gated are best determined by the States and mu-nicipalities to respond to unique local cir-cumstances and implement the most efficient so-
lutions; and 
(3) reforms of the program to promote flexi-
bility will enhance State and local control over transportation decisions. 
(b) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK GRANT 
PROGRAM .—Section 133 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a surface transportation block grant pro-gram in accordance with this section to provide flexible funding to address State and local transportation needs. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds apportioned 
to a State under section 104(b)(2) for the surface transportation block grant program may be obli-gated for the following: 
‘‘(1) Construction of— ‘‘(A) highways, bridges, tunnels, including 
designated routes of the Appalachian develop-ment highway system and local access roads under section 14501 of title 40; 
‘‘(B) ferry boats and terminal facilities eligible 
for funding under section 129(c); 
‘‘(C) transit capital projects eligible for assist-
ance under chapter 53 of title 49; 
‘‘(D) infrastructure-based intelligent transpor-
tation systems capital improvements; 
‘‘(E) truck parking facilities eligible for fund-
ing under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note); and 
‘‘(F) border infrastructure projects eligible for 
funding under section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note). 
‘‘(2) Operational improvements and capital 
and operating costs for traffic monitoring, man-agement, and control facilities and programs. 
‘‘(3) Environmental measures eligible under 
sections 119(g), 328, and 329 and transportation control measures listed in section 108(f)(1)(A) (other than clause (xvi) of that section) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7408(f)(1)(A)). 
‘‘(4) Highway and transit safety infrastruc-
ture improvements and programs, including rail-way-highway grade crossings. 
‘‘(5) Fringe and corridor parking facilities and 
programs in accordance with section 137 and carpool projects in accordance with section 146. 
‘‘(6) Recreational trails projects eligible for 
funding under section 206, pedestrian and bicy-cle projects in accordance with section 217 (in-cluding modifications to comply with accessi-bility requirements under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.)), and the safe routes to school program under sec-tion 1404 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note). 
‘‘(7) Planning, design, or construction of bou-
levards and other roadways largely in the right- of-way of former Interstate System routes or other divided highways. 
‘‘(8) Development and implementation of a 
State asset management plan for the National Highway System and a performance-based man-agement program for other public roads. 
‘‘(9) Protection (including painting, scour 
countermeasures, seismic retrofits, impact pro-tection measures, security countermeasures, and protection against extreme events) for bridges (including approaches to bridges and other ele-vated structures) and tunnels on public roads, and inspection and evaluation of bridges and tunnels and other highway assets. 
‘‘(10) Surface transportation planning pro-
grams, highway and transit research and devel-opment and technology transfer programs, and workforce development, training, and education under chapter 5 of this title. 
‘‘(11) Surface transportation infrastructure 
modifications to facilitate direct intermodal interchange, transfer, and access into and out of a port terminal. 
‘‘(12) Projects and strategies designed to sup-
port congestion pricing, including electronic toll collection and travel demand management strat-egies and programs. 
‘‘(13) At the request of a State, and upon Sec-
retarial approval of credit assistance under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8688 December 1, 2015 
chapter 6, subsidy and administrative costs nec-
essary to provide an eligible entity Federal cred-it assistance under chapter 6 with respect to a project eligible for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(14) The creation and operation by a State of 
an office to assist in the design, implementation, and oversight of public-private partnerships eli-gible to receive funding under this title and chapter 53 of title 49, and the payment of a sti-pend to unsuccessful private bidders to offset their proposal development costs, if necessary to encourage robust competition in public-private partnership procurements. 
‘‘(15) Any type of project eligible under this 
section as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the FAST Act, including projects described under section 101(a)(29) as in effect on such day. 
‘‘(c) L
OCATION OF PROJECTS .—A surface trans-
portation block grant project may not be under-taken on a road functionally classified as a local road or a rural minor collector unless the road was on a Federal-aid highway system on January 1, 1991, except— 
‘‘(1) for a bridge or tunnel project (other than 
the construction of a new bridge or tunnel at a new location); 
‘‘(2) for a project described in paragraphs (4) 
through (11) of subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) for a project described in section 
101(a)(29), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the FAST Act; and 
‘‘(4) as approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) A
LLOCATIONS OF APPORTIONED FUNDS TO  
AREAS BASED ON POPULATION .— 
‘‘(1) C ALCULATION .—Of the funds apportioned 
to a State under section 104(b)(2) (after the res-ervation of funds under subsection (h))— 
‘‘(A) the percentage specified in paragraph (6) 
for a fiscal year shall be obligated under this section, in proportion to their relative shares of the population of the State— 
‘‘(i) in urbanized areas of the State with an 
urbanized area population of over 200,000; 
‘‘(ii) in areas of the State other than urban 
areas with a population greater than 5,000; and 
‘‘(iii) in other areas of the State; and ‘‘(B) the remainder may be obligated in any 
area of the State. 
‘‘(2) M
ETROPOLITAN AREAS .—Funds attributed 
to an urbanized area under paragraph (1)(A)(i) may be obligated in the metropolitan area estab-lished under section 134 that encompasses the urbanized area. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH REGIONAL TRANSPOR -
TATION PLANNING ORGANIZATIONS .—For purposes 
of paragraph (1)(A)(iii), before obligating fund-ing attributed to an area with a population greater than 5,000 and less than 200,000, a State shall consult with the regional transportation planning organizations that represent the area, if any. 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION AMONG URBANIZED AREAS  
OF OVER 200 ,000 POPULATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the amount of funds that a State is required to obligate under paragraph (1)(A)(i) shall be obligated in urbanized areas described in paragraph (1)(A)(i) based on the relative pop-ulation of the areas. 
‘‘(B) O
THER FACTORS .—The State may obligate 
the funds described in subparagraph (A) based on other factors if the State and the relevant metropolitan planning organizations jointly apply to the Secretary for the permission to base the obligation on other factors and the Sec-retary grants the request. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Programming and expenditure of funds 
for projects under this section shall be con-sistent with sections 134 and 135. 
‘‘(6) P
ERCENTAGE .—The percentage referred to 
in paragraph (1)(A) is— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2016, 51 percent; ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2017, 52 percent; ‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2018, 53 percent; ‘‘(D) for fiscal year 2019, 54 percent; and ‘‘(E) for fiscal year 2020, 55 percent.’’; (2) by striking the section heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ Surface transportation block grant pro-
gram ’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (e); (4) by redesignating subsections (f) through 
(h) as subsections (e) through (g), respectively; 
(5) in subsection (e)(1), as redesignated by this 
subsection— 
(A) by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting 
‘‘104(b)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2011 through 
2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’; 
(6) in subsection (g)(1), as redesignated by this 
subsection, by striking ‘‘under subsection (d)(1)(A)(iii) for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘under subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) STP S
ET-ASIDE.— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds 
apportioned to a State under section 104(b)(2) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve an amount such that— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary reserves a total under this 
subsection of— 
‘‘(i) $835,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
and 2017; and 
‘‘(ii) $850,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 
through 2020; and 
‘‘(B) the State’s share of that total is deter-
mined by multiplying the amount under sub-paragraph (A) by the ratio that— 
‘‘(i) the amount apportioned to the State for 
the transportation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009 under section 133(d)(2), as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funds apportioned to 
all States for the transportation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION WITHIN A STATE .—Funds re-
served for a State under paragraph (1) shall be obligated within that State in the manner de-scribed in subsection (d), except that, for pur-poses of this paragraph (after funds are made available under paragraph (5))— 
‘‘(A) for each fiscal year, the percentage re-
ferred to in paragraph (1)(A) of that subsection shall be deemed to be 50 percent; and 
‘‘(B) the following provisions shall not apply: ‘‘(i) Paragraph (3) of subsection (d). ‘‘(ii) Subsection (e). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds reserved 
under this subsection may be obligated for projects or activities described in section 101(a)(29) or 213, as such provisions were in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of the FAST Act. 
‘‘(4) A
CCESS TO FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State or metropolitan 
planning organization required to obligate funds in accordance with paragraph (2) shall develop a competitive process to allow eligible entities to submit projects for funding that achieve the objectives of this subsection. A met-ropolitan planning organization for an area de-scribed in subsection (d)(1)(A)(i) shall select projects under such process in consultation with the relevant State. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(i) a local government; ‘‘(ii) a regional transportation authority; ‘‘(iii) a transit agency; ‘‘(iv) a natural resource or public land agen-
cy; 
‘‘(v) a school district, local education agency, 
or school; 
‘‘(vi) a tribal government; ‘‘(vii) a nonprofit entity responsible for the 
administration of local transportation safety programs; and 
‘‘(viii) any other local or regional govern-
mental entity with responsibility for or oversight of transportation or recreational trails (other than a metropolitan planning organization or a State agency) that the State determines to be eli-
gible, consistent with the goals of this sub-section. 
‘‘(5) C
ONTINUATION OF CERTAIN RECREATIONAL  
TRAILS PROJECTS .—For each fiscal year, a State 
shall— 
‘‘(A) obligate an amount of funds reserved 
under this section equal to the amount of the funds apportioned to the State for fiscal year 2009 under section 104(h)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21, for projects relating to recreational trails under sec-tion 206; 
‘‘(B) return 1 percent of those funds to the 
Secretary for the administration of that pro-gram; and 
‘‘(C) comply with the provisions of the admin-
istration of the recreational trails program under section 206, including the use of appor-tioned funds described in subsection (d)(3)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(6) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) R ECREATIONAL TRAILS .—A State may opt 
out of the recreational trails program under paragraph (5) if the Governor of the State noti-fies the Secretary not later than 30 days prior to apportionments being made for any fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) L
ARGE URBANIZED AREAS .—A metropoli-
tan planning area may use not to exceed 50 per-cent of the funds reserved under this subsection for an urbanized area described in subsection (d)(1)(A)(i) for any purpose eligible under sub-section (b). 
‘‘(7) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State or metropolitan 
planning organization responsible for carrying out the requirements of this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an annual report that describes— 
‘‘(i) the number of project applications re-
ceived for each fiscal year, including— 
‘‘(I) the aggregate cost of the projects for 
which applications are received; and 
‘‘(II) the types of projects to be carried out, 
expressed as percentages of the total apportion-ment of the State under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of projects selected for fund-
ing for each fiscal year, including the aggregate cost and location of projects selected. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make available to the public, in a user- friendly format on the Web site of the Depart-ment of Transportation, a copy of each annual report submitted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF PROJECTS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, projects funded under this section (excluding those car-ried out under subsection (h)(5)) shall be treated as projects on a Federal-aid highway under this chapter.’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION 126 .—Section 126(b)(2) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 213’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 133(h)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 213(c)(1)(B)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 133(h)’’. 
(2) S ECTION 213 .—Section 213 of title 23, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(3) S ECTION 322 .—Section 322(h)(3) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘surface transportation program’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’. 
(4) S
ECTION 504 .—Section 504(a)(4) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting 
‘‘104(b)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘surface transportation pro-
gram’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’. 
(5) C
HAPTER 1 .—Chapter 1 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘surface transportation program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’. 
(6) C
HAPTER ANALYSES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8689 December 1, 2015 
(A) C HAPTER 1 .—The analysis for chapter 1 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 133 and inserting the following: 
‘‘133. Surface transportation block grant pro-
gram.’’. 
(B) C
HAPTER 2 .—The item relating to section 
213 in the analysis for chapter 2 of title 23, United States Code, is repealed. 
(7) O
THER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any 
other law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the surface trans-portation program under section 133 of title 23, United States Code, shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the surface transportation block grant program under such section. 
SEC. 1110. HIGHWAY USE TAX EVASION 
PROJECTS. 
Section 143(b) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2)(A) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From administrative funds 
made available under section 104(a), the Sec-retary may deduct such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, to carry out this section.’’; 
(2) in the heading for paragraph (8) by insert-
ing ‘‘
BLOCK GRANT ’’ after ‘‘ SURFACE TRANSPOR -
TATION ’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (9) by inserting ‘‘, the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate’’ after ‘‘the Secretary’’. 
SEC. 1111. BUNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
Section 144 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)(A) by striking ‘‘the 
natural condition of the bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘the natural condition of the water’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (k); 
(3) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(j) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this subsection 
is to save costs and time by encouraging States to bundle multiple bridge projects as 1 project. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an enti-ty eligible to carry out a bridge project under section 119 or 133. 
‘‘(3) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .—An eli-
gible entity may bundle 2 or more similar bridge projects that are— 
‘‘(A) eligible projects under section 119 or 133; ‘‘(B) included as a bundled project in a trans-
portation improvement program under section 134(j) or a statewide transportation improvement program under section 135, as applicable; and 
‘‘(C) awarded to a single contractor or con-
sultant pursuant to a contract for engineering and design or construction between the con-tractor and an eligible entity. 
‘‘(4) I
TEMIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law (including regulations), a bundling of bridge projects under this subsection may be listed as— 
‘‘(A) 1 project for purposes of sections 134 and 
135; and 
‘‘(B) a single project. ‘‘(5) F
INANCIAL CHARACTERISTICS .—Projects 
bundled under this subsection shall have the same financial characteristics, including— 
‘‘(A) the same funding category or sub-
category; and 
‘‘(B) the same Federal share. ‘‘(6) E
NGINEERING COST REIMBURSEMENT .—The 
provisions of section 102(b) do not apply to projects carried out under this subsection.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (k)(2), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2) of this section, by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
SEC. 1112. CONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS AND 
FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS AND  
FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES .—Section 147 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the subsection head-
ing, by striking ‘‘I NGENERAL .—’’ and inserting 
‘‘PROGRAM .—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsections (d) through (g) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(d) F ORMULA .—Of the amounts allocated 
under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(1) 35 percent shall be allocated among eligi-
ble entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of ferry passengers, includ-
ing passengers in vehicles, carried by each ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of ferry passengers, includ-
ing passengers in vehicles, carried by all ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; 
‘‘(2) 35 percent shall be allocated among eligi-
ble entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of vehicles carried by each 
ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of vehicles carried by all 
ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; and 
‘‘(3) 30 percent shall be allocated among eligi-
ble entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total route nautical miles serviced by 
each ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total route nautical miles serviced by 
all ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available. 
‘‘(e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) withdraw amounts allocated to an eligi-
ble entity under subsection (c) that remain un-obligated by the end of the third fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and 
‘‘(2) in the subsequent fiscal year, redistribute 
the amounts referred to in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with the formula under subsection (d) among eligible entities for which no amounts were withdrawn under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (c), a State with an eligible entity that meets the requirements of this section shall receive not less than $100,000 under this section for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ATA COLLECTION .— 
‘‘(A) N ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Amounts 
made available for a fiscal year under this sec-tion shall be allocated using the most recent data available, as collected and imputed in ac-cordance with the national ferry database es-tablished under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR FUNDING .—To be eligible 
to receive funds under subsection (c), data shall have been submitted in the most recent collec-tion of data for the national ferry database under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note) for at least 1 ferry service with-in the State. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—On review of the data 
submitted under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may make adjustments to the data as the Sec-retary determines necessary to correct misreported or inconsistent data. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to carry out this section $80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(i) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Notwith-
standing section 118(b), funds made available to carry out this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY .—All provisions of this 
chapter that are applicable to the National Highway System, other than provisions relating to apportionment formula and Federal share, shall apply to funds made available to carry out this section, except as determined by the Sec-retary to be inconsistent with this section.’’. (b) N
ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Section 
1801(e)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note) is amended by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(D) make available, from the amounts made 
available for each fiscal year to carry out chap-ter 63 of title 49, not more than $500,000 to main-tain the database.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 129(c) 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by 
inserting ‘‘or on a public transit ferry eligible under chapter 53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘Interstate System’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) Such ferry’’ and inserting 
‘‘(3)(A) The ferry’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Any Federal participation shall not in-
volve the construction or purchase, for private ownership, of a ferry boat, ferry terminal facil-ity, or other eligible project under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘and repair,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘repair,’’; and 
(4) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(6) The ferry service shall be maintained in 
accordance with section 116. 
‘‘(7)(A) No ferry boat or ferry terminal with 
Federal participation under this title may be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, except in accordance with part 200 of title 2, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
‘‘(B) The Federal share of any proceeds from 
a disposition referred to in subparagraph (A) shall be used for eligible purposes under this title.’’. 
SEC. 1113. HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 148 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘includes, but is not limited to,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘only includes’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxv) Installation of vehicle-to-infrastructure 
communication equipment. 
‘‘(xxvi) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. ‘‘(xxvii) Roadway improvements that provide 
separation between pedestrians and motor vehi-cles, including medians and pedestrian crossing islands. 
‘‘(xxviii) A physical infrastructure safety 
project not described in clauses (i) through (xxvii).’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (10); and (C) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through 
(13) as paragraphs (10) through (12), respec-tively; 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘sub-
sections (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(11)’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(B)(i) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(11)’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) D
ATACOLLECTION ON UNPAVED PUBLIC  
ROADS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State may elect not to 
collect fundamental data elements for the model inventory of roadway elements on public roads that are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved if— 
‘‘(A) the State does not use funds provided to 
carry out this section for a project on any such roads until the State completes a collection of the required model inventory of roadway ele-ments for the applicable road segment; and 
‘‘(B) the State demonstrates that the State 
consulted with affected Indian tribes before ceasing to collect data with respect to such roads that are included in the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory under section 202(b)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection may be construed to allow a State to cease data collection related to serious injuries or fatalities.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8690 December 1, 2015 
(b) C OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY  
BESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) R EVIEW .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
review of best practices with respect to the im-plementation of roadway safety infrastructure improvements that— 
(A) are cost effective; and 
(B) reduce the number or severity of accidents 
involving commercial motor vehicles. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the review 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with State transportation departments and units of local government. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report describing the results of the review conducted under para-graph (1). 
SEC. 1114. CONGESTION MITIGATION AND AIR 
QUALITY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 149 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(i)(I) by inserting ‘‘in 
the designated nonattainment area’’ after ‘‘air quality standard’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘or mainte-
nance’’ after ‘‘likely to contribute to the attain-ment’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘attainment 
of’’ and inserting ‘‘attainment or maintenance in the area of’’; 
(D) in paragraph (7) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(E) in paragraph (8)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I) by in-
serting ‘‘or port-related freight operations’’ after ‘‘construction projects’’; and 
(II) in subclause (II) by inserting ‘‘or chapter 
53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘this title’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) if the project or program is for the instal-
lation of vehicle-to-infrastructure communica-tion equipment.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2) by inserting ‘‘(giving 
priority to corridors designated under section 151)’’ after ‘‘at any location in the State’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (1)(B) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) is eligible under the surface transpor-
tation block grant program under section 133.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i) by insert-
ing ‘‘would otherwise be eligible under sub-section (b) if the project were carried out in a nonattainment or maintenance area or’’ after ‘‘may use for any project that’’; and 
(II) in clause (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (l)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(1)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i) by striking ‘‘MAP– 
21t’’ and inserting ‘‘MAP–21’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘, in a man-
ner consistent with the approach that was in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary shall modify’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)(2)(B) by striking ‘‘not 
later that’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than’’; 
(5) in subsection (k) by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(3) PM2.5 
NONATTAINMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
IN LOW POPULATION DENSITY STATES .— 
‘‘(A) E XCEPTION .—In any State with a popu-
lation density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile of land area, based on the most recent de-cennial census, the requirements under sub-section (g)(3) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection shall not apply to a nonattainment or maintenance area in the State if— 
‘‘(i) the nonattainment or maintenance area 
does not have projects that are part of the emis-sions analysis of a metropolitan transportation 
plan or transportation improvement program; and 
‘‘(ii) regional motor vehicle emissions are an 
insignificant contributor to the air quality prob-lem for PM2.5 in the nonattainment or mainte-nance area. 
‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—If subparagraph (A) ap-
plies to a nonattainment or maintenance area in a State, the percentage of the PM2.5 set-aside under paragraph (1) shall be reduced for that State proportionately based on the weighted population of the area in fine particulate matter nonattainment. 
‘‘(4) P
ORT-RELATED EQUIPMENT AND VEHI -
CLES.—To meet the requirements under para-
graph (1), a State or metropolitan planning or-ganization may elect to obligate funds to the most cost-effective projects to reduce emissions from port-related landside nonroad or on-road equipment that is operated within the bound-aries of a PM2.5 nonattainment or maintenance area.’’; 
(6) in subsection (l)(1)(B) by inserting ‘‘air 
quality and traffic congestion’’ before ‘‘perform-ance targets’’; and 
(7) in subsection (m) by striking ‘‘section 
104(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104(b)(4)’’. 
SEC. 1115. TERRITORIAL AND PUERTO RICO 
HIGHWAY PROGRAM. 
Section 165(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘$150,000,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$158,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘$40,000,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$42,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1116. NATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 167 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 167. National highway freight program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) P OLICY .—It is the policy of the United 
States to improve the condition and performance of the National Highway Freight Network estab-lished under this section to ensure that the Net-work provides the foundation for the United States to compete in the global economy and achieve the goals described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—In support of the goals 
described in subsection (b), the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration shall es-tablish a national highway freight program in accordance with this section to improve the effi-cient movement of freight on the National High-way Freight Network. 
‘‘(b) G
OALS.—The goals of the national high-
way freight program are— 
‘‘(1) to invest in infrastructure improvements 
and to implement operational improvements on the highways of the United States that— 
‘‘(A) strengthen the contribution of the Na-
tional Highway Freight Network to the eco-nomic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(B) reduce congestion and bottlenecks on the 
National Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(C) reduce the cost of freight transportation; ‘‘(D) improve the year-round reliability of 
freight transportation; and 
‘‘(E) increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that create high-value jobs; 
‘‘(2) to improve the safety, security, efficiency, 
and resiliency of freight transportation in rural and urban areas; 
‘‘(3) to improve the state of good repair of the 
National Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(4) to use innovation and advanced tech-
nology to improve the safety, efficiency, and re-liability of the National Highway Freight Net-work; 
‘‘(5) to improve the efficiency and productivity 
of the National Highway Freight Network; 
‘‘(6) to improve the flexibility of States to sup-
port multi-State corridor planning and the cre-ation of multi-State organizations to increase the ability of States to address highway freight 
connectivity; and 
‘‘(7) to reduce the environmental impacts of 
freight movement on the National Highway Freight Network. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-
tablish a National Highway Freight Network in accordance with this section to strategically di-rect Federal resources and policies toward im-proved performance of the Network. 
‘‘(2) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The National 
Highway Freight Network shall consist of— 
‘‘(A) the primary highway freight system, as 
designated under subsection (d); 
‘‘(B) critical rural freight corridors established 
under subsection (e); 
‘‘(C) critical urban freight corridors estab-
lished under subsection (f); and 
‘‘(D) the portions of the Interstate System not 
designated as part of the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(d) D
ESIGNATION AND REDESIGNATION OF THE  
PRIMARY HIGHWAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGH -
WAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .—The initial designation 
of the primary highway freight system shall be the 41,518-mile network identified during the designation process for the primary freight net-work under section 167(d) of this title, as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of the FAST Act. 
‘‘(2) R
EDESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning 5 years after the 
date of enactment of the FAST Act, and every 5 years thereafter, using the designation factors described in subparagraph (E), the Adminis-trator shall redesignate the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(B) R
EDESIGNATION MILEAGE .—Each redesig-
nation may increase the mileage on the primary highway freight system by not more than 3 per-cent of the total mileage of the system. 
‘‘(C) U
SE OF MEASURABLE DATA .—In redesig-
nating the primary highway freight system, to the maximum extent practicable, the Adminis-trator shall use measurable data to assess the significance of goods movement, including con-sideration of points of origin, destinations, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(D) I
NPUT.—In redesignating the primary 
highway freight system, the Administrator shall provide an opportunity for State freight advi-sory committees, as applicable, to submit addi-tional miles for consideration. 
‘‘(E) F
ACTORS FOR REDESIGNATION .—In redes-
ignating the primary highway freight system, the Administrator shall consider— 
‘‘(i) changes in the origins and destinations of 
freight movement in, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(ii) changes in the percentage of annual 
daily truck traffic in the annual average daily traffic on principal arterials; 
‘‘(iii) changes in the location of key facilities; ‘‘(iv) land and water ports of entry; ‘‘(v) access to energy exploration, develop-
ment, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(vi) access to other freight intermodal facili-
ties, including rail, air, water, and pipelines fa-cilities; 
‘‘(vii) the total freight tonnage and value 
moved via highways; 
‘‘(viii) significant freight bottlenecks, as iden-
tified by the Administrator; 
‘‘(ix) the significance of goods movement on 
principal arterials, including consideration of global and domestic supply chains; 
‘‘(x) critical emerging freight corridors and 
critical commerce corridors; and 
‘‘(xi) network connectivity. ‘‘(e) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State may designate a 
public road within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road is not in an urbanized area and— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8691 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(A) is a rural principal arterial roadway and 
has a minimum of 25 percent of the annual aver-age daily traffic of the road measured in pas-senger vehicle equivalent units from trucks (Federal Highway Administration vehicle class 8 to 13); 
‘‘(B) provides access to energy exploration, de-
velopment, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(C) connects the primary highway freight 
system, a roadway described in subparagraph (A) or (B), or the Interstate System to facilities that handle more than— 
‘‘(i) 50,000 20-foot equivalent units per year; or ‘‘(ii) 500,000 tons per year of bulk commodities; ‘‘(D) provides access to— ‘‘(i) a grain elevator; ‘‘(ii) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(iii) a mining facility; ‘‘(iv) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(v) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(E) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(F) provides access to significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
‘‘(G) is, in the determination of the State, 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—A State may designate as 
critical rural freight corridors a maximum of 150 miles of highway or 20 percent of the primary highway freight system mileage in the State, whichever is greater. 
‘‘(f) C
RITICAL URBAN FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
‘‘(1) U RBANIZED AREA WITH POPULATION OF  
500,000 OR MORE .—In an urbanized area with a 
population of 500,000 or more individuals, the representative metropolitan planning organiza-tion, in consultation with the State, may des-ignate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight cor-ridor. 
‘‘(2) U
RBANIZED AREA WITH A POPULATION  
LESS THAN 500 ,000.—In an urbanized area with a 
population of less than 500,000 individuals, the State, in consultation with the representative metropolitan planning organization, may des-ignate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight cor-ridor. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—A des-
ignation may be made under paragraph (1) or (2) if the public road— 
‘‘(A) is in an urbanized area, regardless of 
population; and 
‘‘(B)(i) connects an intermodal facility to— ‘‘(I) the primary highway freight system; ‘‘(II) the Interstate System; or ‘‘(III) an intermodal freight facility; ‘‘(ii) is located within a corridor of a route on 
the primary highway freight system and pro-vides an alternative highway option important to goods movement; 
‘‘(iii) serves a major freight generator, logistic 
center, or manufacturing and warehouse indus-trial land; or 
‘‘(iv) is important to the movement of freight 
within the region, as determined by the metro-politan planning organization or the State. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—For each State, a maximum 
of 75 miles of highway or 10 percent of the pri-mary highway freight system mileage in the State, whichever is greater, may be designated as a critical urban freight corridor under para-graphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(g) D
ESIGNATION AND CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—States and metropolitan 
planning organizations may designate corridors under subsections (e) and (f) and submit the designated corridors to the Administrator on a rolling basis. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Each State or metropoli-
tan planning organization that designates a corridor under subsection (e) or (f) shall certify to the Administrator that the designated cor-ridor meets the requirements of the applicable subsection. 
‘‘(h) H
IGHWAY FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION CON-
DITIONS AND PERFORMANCE REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the 
FAST Act, and biennially thereafter, the Ad-ministrator shall prepare and submit to Con-gress a report that describes the conditions and performance of the National Highway Freight Network in the United States. 
‘‘(i) U
SE OF APPORTIONED FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall obligate funds 
apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) to improve the movement of freight on the Na-tional Highway Freight Network. 
‘‘(2) F
ORMULA .—The Administrator shall cal-
culate for each State the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total mileage in the State designated 
as part of the primary highway freight system; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total mileage of the primary highway 
freight system in all States. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATES WITH HIGH PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion of 
a State under paragraph (2) is greater than or equal to 2 percent, the State may obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on— 
‘‘(i) the primary highway freight system; ‘‘(ii) critical rural freight corridors; and ‘‘(iii) critical urban freight corridors. ‘‘(B) S
TATES WITH LOW PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion of 
a State under paragraph (2) is less than 2 per-cent, the State may obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on any component of the National Highway Freight Network. 
‘‘(4) F
REIGHT PLANNING .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, effective beginning 2 years after the date of enactment of the FAST Act, a State may not obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) unless the State has developed a freight plan in accord-ance with section 70202 of title 49, except that the multimodal component of the plan may be incomplete before an obligation may be made under this section. 
‘‘(5) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this 
subsection, for a project to be eligible for fund-ing under this section the project shall— 
‘‘(i) contribute to the efficient movement of 
freight on the National Highway Freight Net-work; and 
‘‘(ii) be identified in a freight investment plan 
included in a freight plan of the State that is in effect. 
‘‘(B) O
THER PROJECTS .—For each fiscal year, 
a State may obligate not more than 10 percent of the total apportionment of the State under sec-tion 104(b)(5) for freight intermodal or freight rail projects, including projects— 
‘‘(i) within the boundaries of public or private 
freight rail or water facilities (including ports); and 
‘‘(ii) that provide surface transportation in-
frastructure necessary to facilitate direct inter-modal interchange, transfer, and access into or out of the facility. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds apportioned 
to the State under section 104(b)(5) for the na-tional highway freight program may be obli-gated to carry out 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(i) Development phase activities, including 
planning, feasibility analysis, revenue fore-casting, environmental review, preliminary engi-neering and design work, and other preconstruction activities. 
‘‘(ii) Construction, reconstruction, rehabilita-
tion, acquisition of real property (including land relating to the project and improvements to land), construction contingencies, acquisition of equipment, and operational improvements di-rectly relating to improving system performance. 
‘‘(iii) Intelligent transportation systems and 
other technology to improve the flow of freight, including intelligent freight transportation sys-tems. 
‘‘(iv) Efforts to reduce the environmental im-
pacts of freight movement. ‘‘(v) Environmental and community mitigation 
for freight movement. 
‘‘(vi) Railway-highway grade separation. ‘‘(vii) Geometric improvements to interchanges 
and ramps. 
‘‘(viii) Truck-only lanes. ‘‘(ix) Climbing and runaway truck lanes. ‘‘(x) Adding or widening of shoulders. ‘‘(xi) Truck parking facilities eligible for fund-
ing under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note). 
‘‘(xii) Real-time traffic, truck parking, road-
way condition, and multimodal transportation information systems. 
‘‘(xiii) Electronic screening and credentialing 
systems for vehicles, including weigh-in-motion truck inspection technologies. 
‘‘(xiv) Traffic signal optimization, including 
synchronized and adaptive signals. 
‘‘(xv) Work zone management and information 
systems. 
‘‘(xvi) Highway ramp metering. ‘‘(xvii) Electronic cargo and border security 
technologies that improve truck freight move-ment. 
‘‘(xviii) Intelligent transportation systems that 
would increase truck freight efficiencies inside the boundaries of intermodal facilities. 
‘‘(xix) Additional road capacity to address 
highway freight bottlenecks. 
‘‘(xx) Physical separation of passenger vehi-
cles from commercial motor freight. 
‘‘(xxi) Enhancement of the resiliency of crit-
ical highway infrastructure, including highway infrastructure that supports national energy se-curity, to improve the flow of freight. 
‘‘(xxii) A highway or bridge project, other 
than a project described in clauses (i) through (xxi), to improve the flow of freight on the Na-tional Highway Freight Network. 
‘‘(xxiii) Any other surface transportation 
project to improve the flow of freight into and out of a facility described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(6) O
THER ELIGIBLE COSTS .—In addition to 
the eligible projects identified in paragraph (5), a State may use funds apportioned under sec-tion 104(b)(5) for— 
‘‘(A) carrying out diesel retrofit or alternative 
fuel projects under section 149 for class 8 vehi-cles; and 
‘‘(B) the necessary costs of— ‘‘(i) conducting analyses and data collection 
related to the national highway freight pro-gram; 
‘‘(ii) developing and updating performance 
targets to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(iii) reporting to the Administrator to comply 
with the freight performance target under sec-tion 150. 
‘‘(7) A
PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Programming and expenditure of funds 
for projects under this section shall be con-sistent with the requirements of sections 134 and 135. 
‘‘(j) S
TATE PERFORMANCE TARGETS .—If the 
Administrator determines that a State has not met or made significant progress toward meeting the performance targets related to freight move-ment of the State established under section 150(d) by the date that is 2 years after the date of the establishment of the performance targets, the State shall include in the next report sub-mitted under section 150(e) a description of the actions the State will undertake to achieve the targets, including— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues within the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies and 
strategies that will guide the freight-related transportation investments of the State; 
‘‘(3) an inventory of freight bottlenecks within 
the State and a description of the ways in which the State is allocating national highway freight program funds to improve those bottlenecks; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the actions the State will 
undertake to meet the performance targets of the State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8692 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(k) I NTELLIGENT FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF INTELLIGENT FREIGHT  
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM .—In this section, the 
term ‘intelligent freight transportation system’ means— 
‘‘(A) innovative or intelligent technological 
transportation systems, infrastructure, or facili-ties, including elevated freight transportation facilities— 
‘‘(i) in proximity to, or within, an existing 
right of way on a Federal-aid highway; or 
‘‘(ii) that connect land ports-of entry to exist-
ing Federal-aid highways; or 
‘‘(B) communications or information proc-
essing systems that improve the efficiency, secu-rity, or safety of freight movements on the Fed-eral-aid highway system, including to improve the conveyance of freight on dedicated intel-ligent freight lanes. 
‘‘(2) O
PERATING STANDARDS .—The Adminis-
trator shall determine whether there is a need for establishing operating standards for intel-ligent freight transportation systems. 
‘‘(l) T
REATMENT OF FREIGHT PROJECTS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, a freight project carried out under this section shall be treated as if the project were on a Fed-eral-aid highway.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 167 and inserting the following: 
‘‘167. National highway freight program.’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .—Sections 1116, 1117, and 1118 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 167 note), and the items re-lating to such sections in the table of contents in section 1(c) of such Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 1117. FEDERAL LANDS AND TRIBAL TRANS-
PORTATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) T RIBAL DATA COLLECTION .—Section 
201(c)(6) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) T
RIBAL DATA COLLECTION .—In addition 
to the data to be collected under subparagraph (A), not later than 90 days after the last day of each fiscal year, any entity carrying out a project under the tribal transportation program under section 202 shall submit to the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior, based on obli-gations and expenditures under the tribal trans-portation program during the preceding fiscal year, the following data: 
‘‘(i) The names of projects and activities car-
ried out by the entity under the tribal transpor-tation program during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A description of the projects and activi-
ties identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) The current status of the projects and 
activities identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iv) An estimate of the number of jobs cre-
ated and the number of jobs retained by the projects and activities identified under clause (i).’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON TRIBAL GOVERNMENT TRANS-
PORTATION SAFETY DATA.— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) in many States, the Native American pop-
ulation is disproportionately represented in fa-talities and crash statistics; 
(B) improved crash reporting by tribal law en-
forcement agencies would facilitate safety plan-ning and would enable Indian tribes to apply more successfully for State and Federal funds for safety improvements; 
(C) the causes of underreporting of crashes on 
Indian reservations include— 
(i) tribal law enforcement capacity, includ-
ing— 
(I) staffing shortages and turnover; and (II) lack of equipment, software, and training; 
and 
(ii) lack of standardization in crash reporting 
forms and protocols; and 
(D) without more accurate reporting of crash-
es on Indian reservations, it is difficult or im-possible to fully understand the nature of the problem and develop appropriate counter-
measures, which may include effective transpor-tation safety planning and programs aimed at— 
(i) driving under the influence (DUI) preven-
tion; 
(ii) pedestrian safety; (iii) roadway safety improvements; (iv) seat belt usage; and (v) proper use of child restraints. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Interior, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Attorney General, and Indian tribes, shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Indian Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report describing the quality of trans-portation safety data collected by States, coun-ties, and Indian tribes for transportation safety systems and the relevance of that data to im-proving the collection and sharing of data on crashes on Indian reservations. 
(B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the report 
are— 
(i) to improve the collection and sharing of 
data on crashes on Indian reservations; and 
(ii) to develop data that Indian tribes can use 
to recover damages to tribal property caused by motorists. 
(C) P
APERLESS DATA REPORTING .—In pre-
paring the report, the Secretary shall provide States, counties, and Indian tribes with options and best practices for transition to a paperless transportation safety data reporting system that— 
(i) improves the collection of crash reports; (ii) stores, archives, queries, and shares crash 
records; and 
(iii) uses data exclusively— (I) to address traffic safety issues on Indian 
reservations; and 
(II) to identify and improve problem areas on 
public roads on Indian reservations. 
(D) A
DDITIONAL BUDGETARY RESOURCES .—The 
Secretary shall include in the report the identi-fication of Federal transportation funds pro-vided to Indian tribes by agencies in addition to the Department and the Department of the Inte-rior. 
(c) S
TUDY ON BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS  
ROADSAFETY .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Interior, the Attorney General, States, and Indian tribes shall— 
(1) complete a study that identifies and evalu-
ates options for improving safety on public roads on Indian reservations; and 
(2) submit to the Committee on Environment 
and Public Works and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the study. 
SEC. 1118. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM 
AMENDMENT. 
Section 202 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(6) by striking ‘‘6 percent’’ 
and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2) in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘3 percent’’. 
SEC. 1119. FEDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘oper-
ation’’ and inserting ‘‘capital, operations,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A)(iv)(I)’’; (2) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (v) by striking the period at the 
end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Reclamation; and ‘‘(vii) independent Federal agencies with nat-
ural resource and land management responsibil-ities.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)— 
(i) in the matter preceding clause (i) by insert-
ing ‘‘performance management, including’’ after ‘‘support’’; and 
(ii) in clause (i)(II) by striking ‘‘, and’’ and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)(B) by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(vi) The Bureau of Reclamation.’’. 
SEC. 1120. FEDERAL LANDS PROGRAMMATIC AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 201(c) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6)(A)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively (and by moving the subclauses 2 ems to the right); 
(B) in the matter preceding subclause (I) (as 
so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secretaries’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries’’; 
(C) by inserting a period after ‘‘tribal trans-
portation program’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘in accordance with’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘including—’’ and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—Data collected to imple-
ment the tribal transportation program shall be in accordance with the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). 
‘‘(iii) I
NCLUSIONS .—Data collected under this 
paragraph includes—’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the 
following— 
‘‘(7) C OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  
DEPLOYMENT .—The Secretary may conduct co-
operative research and technology deployment in coordination with Federal land management agencies, as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(8) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To carry out the activities 
described in this subsection for Federal lands transportation facilities, Federal lands access transportation facilities, and other federally owned roads open to public travel (as that term is defined in section 125(e)), the Secretary shall for each fiscal year combine and use not greater than 5 percent of the funds authorized for pro-grams under sections 203 and 204. 
‘‘(B) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—In addition to the 
activities described in subparagraph (A), funds described under that subparagraph may be used for— 
‘‘(i) bridge inspections on any federally owned 
bridge even if that bridge is not included on the inventory described under section 203; and 
‘‘(ii) transportation planning activities carried 
out by Federal land management agencies eligi-ble for funding under this chapter.’’. 
SEC. 1121. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION SELF-GOV-
ERNANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 206 the following: 
‘‘§ 207. Tribal transportation self-governance 
program 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—Subject to the require-
ments of this section, the Secretary shall estab-lish and carry out a program to be known as the tribal transportation self-governance program. The Secretary may delegate responsibilities for administration of the program as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8693 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3), an Indian tribe shall be eligible to par-ticipate in the program if the Indian tribe re-quests participation in the program by resolu-tion or other official action by the governing body of the Indian tribe, and demonstrates, for the preceding 3 fiscal years, financial stability and financial management capability, and transportation program management capability. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA FOR DETERMINING FINANCIAL  
STABILITY AND FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT CAPAC -
ITY.—For the purposes of paragraph (1), evi-
dence that, during the preceding 3 fiscal years, an Indian tribe had no uncorrected significant and material audit exceptions in the required annual audit of the Indian tribe’s self-deter-mination contracts or self-governance funding agreements with any Federal agency shall be conclusive evidence of the required financial stability and financial management capability. 
‘‘(3) C
RITERIA FOR DETERMINING TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAM MANAGEMENT CAPABILITY .— 
The Secretary shall require an Indian tribe to demonstrate transportation program manage-ment capability, including the capability to manage and complete projects eligible under this title and projects eligible under chapter 53 of title 49, to gain eligibility for the program. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPACTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPACT REQUIRED .—Upon the request of 
an eligible Indian tribe, and subject to the re-quirements of this section, the Secretary shall negotiate and enter into a written compact with the Indian tribe for the purpose of providing for the participation of the Indian tribe in the pro-gram. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—A compact entered into 
under paragraph (1) shall set forth the general terms of the government-to-government relation-ship between the Indian tribe and the United States under the program and other terms that will continue to apply in future fiscal years. 
‘‘(3) A
MENDMENTS .—A compact entered into 
with an Indian tribe under paragraph (1) may be amended only by mutual agreement of the In-dian tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) A
NNUAL FUNDING AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) F UNDING AGREEMENT REQUIRED .—After 
entering into a compact with an Indian tribe under subsection (c), the Secretary shall nego-tiate and enter into a written annual funding agreement with the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) F ORMULA FUNDING AND DISCRETIONARY  
GRANTS .—A funding agreement entered into 
with an Indian tribe shall authorize the Indian tribe, as determined by the Indian tribe, to plan, conduct, consolidate, administer, and receive full tribal share funding, tribal transit formula funding, and funding to tribes from discre-tionary and competitive grants administered by the Department for all programs, services, func-tions, and activities (or portions thereof) that are made available to Indian tribes to carry out tribal transportation programs and programs, services, functions, and activities (or portions thereof) administered by the Secretary that are otherwise available to Indian tribes. 
‘‘(ii) T
RANSFERS OF STATE FUNDS .— 
‘‘(I) I NCLUSION OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS IN  
FUNDING AGREEMENT .—A funding agreement en-
tered into with an Indian tribe shall include Federal-aid funds apportioned to a State under chapter 1 if the State elects to provide a portion of such funds to the Indian tribe for a project eligible under section 202(a). The provisions of this section shall be in addition to the methods for making funding contributions described in section 202(a)(9). Nothing in this section shall diminish the authority of the Secretary to pro-vide funds to an Indian tribe under section 202(a)(9). 
‘‘(II) M
ETHOD FOR TRANSFERS .—If a State 
elects to provide funds described in subclause (I) to an Indian tribe— 
‘‘(aa) the transfer may occur in accordance 
with section 202(a)(9); or ‘‘(bb) the State shall transfer the funds back 
to the Secretary and the Secretary shall transfer the funds to the Indian tribe in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(III) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR TRANSFERRED  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, if a State provides funds described in sub-clause (I) to an Indian tribe— 
‘‘(aa) the State shall not be responsible for 
constructing or maintaining a project carried out using the funds or for administering or su-pervising the project or funds during the appli-cable statute of limitations period related to the construction of the project; and 
‘‘(bb) the Indian tribe shall be responsible for 
constructing and maintaining a project carried out using the funds and for administering and supervising the project and funds in accordance with this section during the applicable statute of limitations period related to the construction of the project. 
‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATION OF TRIBAL SHARES .— 
The tribal shares referred to in subparagraph (A) shall be provided without regard to the agency or office of the Department within which the program, service, function, or activity (or portion thereof) is performed. 
‘‘(C) F
LEXIBLE AND INNOVATIVE FINANCING .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A funding agreement en-
tered into with an Indian tribe under paragraph (1) shall include provisions pertaining to flexible and innovative financing if agreed upon by the parties. 
‘‘(ii) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(I) A UTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS .—The 
Secretary may issue regulations to establish the terms and conditions relating to the flexible and innovative financing provisions referred to in clause (i). 
‘‘(II) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS IN ABSENCE OF  
REGULATIONS .—If the Secretary does not issue 
regulations under subclause (I), the terms and conditions relating to the flexible and innova-tive financing provisions referred to in clause (i) shall be consistent with— 
‘‘(aa) agreements entered into by the Depart-
ment under— 
‘‘(AA) section 202(b)(7); and ‘‘(BB) section 202(d)(5), as in effect before the 
date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112– 141); or 
‘‘(bb) regulations of the Department of the In-
terior relating to flexible financing contained in part 170 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the FAST Act. 
‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—A funding agreement shall set 
forth— 
‘‘(A) terms that generally identify the pro-
grams, services, functions, and activities (or por-tions thereof) to be performed or administered by the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(B) for items identified in subparagraph 
(A)— 
‘‘(i) the general budget category assigned; ‘‘(ii) the funds to be provided, including those 
funds to be provided on a recurring basis; 
‘‘(iii) the time and method of transfer of the 
funds; 
‘‘(iv) the responsibilities of the Secretary and 
the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(v) any other provision agreed to by the In-
dian tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) S
UBSEQUENT FUNDING AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) A PPLICABILITY OF EXISTING AGREE -
MENT .—Absent notification from an Indian tribe 
that the Indian tribe is withdrawing from or ret-roceding the operation of 1 or more programs, services, functions, or activities (or portions thereof) identified in a funding agreement, or unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, each funding agreement shall remain in full force and effect until a subsequent funding agreement is executed. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF SUBSEQUENT AGREE -
MENT .—The terms of the subsequent funding 
agreement shall be retroactive to the end of the term of the preceding funding agreement. ‘‘(5) C
ONSENT OF INDIAN TRIBE REQUIRED .— 
The Secretary shall not revise, amend, or require additional terms in a new or subsequent funding agreement without the consent of the Indian tribe that is subject to the agreement unless 
such terms are required by Federal law. 
‘‘(e) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) R EDESIGN AND CONSOLIDATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe, in any 
manner that the Indian tribe considers to be in the best interest of the Indian community being served, may— 
‘‘(i) redesign or consolidate programs, services, 
functions, and activities (or portions thereof) in-cluded in a funding agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) reallocate or redirect funds for such pro-
grams, services, functions, and activities (or por-tions thereof), if the funds are— 
‘‘(I) expended on projects identified in a 
transportation improvement program approved by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(II) used in accordance with the require-
ments in— 
‘‘(aa) appropriations Acts; ‘‘(bb) this title and chapter 53 of title 49; and ‘‘(cc) any other applicable law. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), if, pursuant to subsection (d), an In-dian tribe receives a discretionary or competitive grant from the Secretary or receives State appor-tioned funds, the Indian tribe shall use the funds for the purpose for which the funds were originally authorized. 
‘‘(2) R
ETROCESSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) A UTHORITY OF INDIAN TRIBES .—An Indian 
tribe may retrocede (fully or partially) to the Secretary programs, services, functions, or ac-tivities (or portions thereof) included in a com-pact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(ii) R
EASSUMPTION OF REMAINING FUNDS .— 
Following a retrocession described in clause (i), the Secretary may— 
‘‘(I) reassume the remaining funding associ-
ated with the retroceded programs, functions, services, and activities (or portions thereof) in-cluded in the applicable compact or funding agreement; 
‘‘(II) out of such remaining funds, transfer 
funds associated with Department of Interior programs, services, functions, or activities (or portions thereof) to the Secretary of the Interior to carry out transportation services provided by the Secretary of the Interior; and 
‘‘(III) distribute funds not transferred under 
subclause (II) in accordance with applicable law. 
‘‘(iii) C
ORRECTION OF PROGRAMS .—If the Sec-
retary makes a finding under subsection (f)(2)(B) and no funds are available under sub-section (f)(2)(A)(ii), the Secretary shall not be required to provide additional funds to complete or correct any programs, functions, services, or activities (or portions thereof). 
‘‘(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Unless the Indian 
tribe rescinds a request for retrocession, the ret-rocession shall become effective within the time-frame specified by the parties in the compact or funding agreement. In the absence of such a specification, the retrocession shall become ef-fective on— 
‘‘(i) the earlier of— ‘‘(I) 1 year after the date of submission of the 
request; or 
‘‘(II) the date on which the funding agree-
ment expires; or 
‘‘(ii) such date as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the parties and, with respect to Depart-ment of the Interior programs, functions, serv-ices, and activities (or portions thereof), the Sec-retary of the Interior. 
‘‘(f) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(1) D ECISIONMAKER .—A decision that relates 
to an appeal of the rejection of a final offer by the Department shall be made either— 
‘‘(A) by an official of the Department who 
holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the de-partmental agency in which the decision that is the subject of the appeal was made; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8694 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(B) by an administrative judge. 
‘‘(2) T ERMINATION OF COMPACT OR FUNDING  
AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY TO TERMINATE .— 
‘‘(i) P ROVISION TO BE INCLUDED IN COMPACT  
OR FUNDING AGREEMENT .—A compact or funding 
agreement shall include a provision authorizing the Secretary, if the Secretary makes a finding described in subparagraph (B), to— 
‘‘(I) terminate the compact or funding agree-
ment (or a portion thereof); and 
‘‘(II) reassume the remaining funding associ-
ated with the reassumed programs, functions, services, and activities included in the compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(ii) T
RANSFERS OF FUNDS .—Out of any funds 
reassumed under clause (i)(II), the Secretary may transfer the funds associated with Depart-ment of the Interior programs, functions, serv-ices, and activities (or portions thereof) to the Secretary of the Interior to provide continued transportation services in accordance with ap-plicable law. 
‘‘(B) F
INDINGS RESULTING IN TERMINATION .— 
The finding referred to in subparagraph (A) is a specific finding of— 
‘‘(i) imminent jeopardy to a trust asset, nat-
ural resources, or public health and safety that is caused by an act or omission of the Indian tribe and that arises out of a failure to carry out the compact or funding agreement, as deter-mined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(ii) gross mismanagement with respect to 
funds or programs transferred to the Indian tribe under the compact or funding agreement, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Inspector General of the Department, as appropriate. 
‘‘(C) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
terminate a compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) unless— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary has first provided written 
notice and a hearing on the record to the Indian tribe that is subject to the compact or funding agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) the Indian tribe has not taken corrective 
action to remedy the mismanagement of funds or programs or the imminent jeopardy to a trust asset, natural resource, or public health and safety. 
‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (C), the Secretary, upon written notifica-tion to an Indian tribe that is subject to a com-pact or funding agreement, may immediately terminate the compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) if— 
‘‘(I) the Secretary makes a finding of immi-
nent substantial and irreparable jeopardy to a trust asset, natural resource, or public health and safety; and 
‘‘(II) the jeopardy arises out of a failure to 
carry out the compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(ii) H
EARINGS .—If the Secretary terminates a 
compact or funding agreement (or portion there-of) under clause (i), the Secretary shall provide the Indian tribe subject to the compact or agree-ment with a hearing on the record not later than 10 days after the date of such termination. 
‘‘(E) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—In any hearing or 
appeal involving a decision to terminate a com-pact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) under this paragraph, the Secretary shall have the burden of proof in demonstrating by clear and convincing evidence the validity of the grounds for the termination. 
‘‘(g) C
OST PRINCIPLES .—In administering 
funds received under this section, an Indian tribe shall apply cost principles under the appli-cable Office of Management and Budget cir-cular, except as modified by section 106 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450j–1), other provisions of law, or by any exemptions to applicable Of-fice of Management and Budget circulars subse-quently granted by the Office of Management and Budget. No other audit or accounting standards shall be required by the Secretary. Any claim by the Federal Government against 
the Indian tribe relating to funds received under a funding agreement based on any audit con-ducted pursuant to this subsection shall be sub-ject to the provisions of section 106(f) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450j–1(f)). 
‘‘(h) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS.—The Secretary 
shall provide funds to an Indian tribe under a funding agreement in an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) the sum of the funding that the Indian 
tribe would otherwise receive for the program, function, service, or activity in accordance with a funding formula or other allocation method established under this title or chapter 53 of title 49; and 
‘‘(2) such additional amounts as the Secretary 
determines equal the amounts that would have been withheld for the costs of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs for administration of the program or project. 
‘‘(i) C
ONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) S TANDARDS .—Construction projects car-
ried out under programs administered by an In-dian tribe with funds transferred to the Indian tribe pursuant to a funding agreement entered into under this section shall be constructed pur-suant to the construction program standards set forth in applicable regulations or as specifically approved by the Secretary (or the Secretary’s designee). 
‘‘(2) M
ONITORING .—Construction programs 
shall be monitored by the Secretary in accord-ance with applicable regulations. 
‘‘(j) F
ACILITATION .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARIAL INTERPRETATION .—Except 
as otherwise provided by law, the Secretary shall interpret all Federal laws, Executive or-ders, and regulations in a manner that will fa-cilitate— 
‘‘(A) the inclusion of programs, services, func-
tions, and activities (or portions thereof) and funds associated therewith, in compacts and funding agreements; and 
‘‘(B) the implementation of the compacts and 
funding agreements. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATION WAIVER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe may sub-
mit to the Secretary a written request to waive application of a regulation promulgated under this section with respect to a compact or fund-ing agreement. The request shall identify the regulation sought to be waived and the basis for the request. 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVALS AND DENIALS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of receipt of a written request under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall approve or deny the request in writing. 
‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall review any 
application by an Indian tribe for a waiver bearing in mind increasing opportunities for using flexible policy approaches at the Indian tribal level. 
‘‘(iii) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—If the Secretary 
does not approve or deny a request submitted under subparagraph (A) on or before the last day of the 90-day period referred to in clause (i), the request shall be deemed approved. 
‘‘(iv) D
ENIALS .—If the application for a waiv-
er is not granted, the agency shall provide the applicant with the reasons for the denial as part of the written response required in clause (i). 
‘‘(v) F
INALITY OF DECISIONS .—A decision by 
the Secretary under this subparagraph shall be final for the Department. 
‘‘(k) D
ISCLAIMERS .— 
‘‘(1) E XISTING AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, upon the election of an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain current tribal transportation 
program funding agreements and program agreements; or 
‘‘(B) enter into new agreements under the au-
thority of section 202(b)(7). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this section may be construed 
to impair or diminish the authority of the Sec-retary under section 202(b)(7). ‘‘(l) A
PPLICABILITY OF INDIAN SELF-DETER-
MINATION AND EDUCATION ASSISTANCE ACT.—Ex-
cept to the extent in conflict with this section (as determined by the Secretary), the following provisions of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act shall apply to com-pact and funding agreements (except that any reference to the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Health and Human Services in such provisions shall be treated as a reference to the Secretary of Transportation): 
‘‘(1) Subsections (a), (b), (d), (g), and (h) of 
section 506 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–5), re-lating to general provisions. 
‘‘(2) Subsections (b) through (e) and (g) of sec-
tion 507 of such Act (25 U.S.C.458aaa–6), relat-ing to provisions relating to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(3) Subsections (a), (b), (d), (e), (g), (h), (i), 
and (k) of section 508 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–7), relating to transfer of funds. 
‘‘(4) Section 510 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa- 
9), relating to Federal procurement laws and regulations. 
‘‘(5) Section 511 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa– 
10), relating to civil actions. 
‘‘(6) Subsections (a)(1), (a)(2), and (c) through 
(f) of section 512 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa– 11), relating to facilitation, except that sub-section (c)(1) of that section shall be applied by substituting ‘transportation facilities and other facilities’ for ‘school buildings, hospitals, and other facilities’. 
‘‘(7) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 515 of 
such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–14), relating to dis-claimers. 
‘‘(8) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 516 of 
such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–15), relating to ap-plication of title I provisions. 
‘‘(9) Section 518 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa– 
17), relating to appeals. 
‘‘(m) D
EFINITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply (except as otherwise ex-pressly provided): 
‘‘(A) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘compact’ means a 
compact between the Secretary and an Indian tribe entered into under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(C) E LIGIBLE INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘eligi-
ble Indian tribe’ means an Indian tribe that is eligible to participate in the program, as deter-mined under subsection (b). 
‘‘(D) F
UNDING AGREEMENT .—The term ‘fund-
ing agreement’ means a funding agreement be-tween the Secretary and an Indian tribe entered into under subsection (d). 
‘‘(E) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
means any Indian or Alaska Native tribe, band, nation, pueblo, village, or community that is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians. In any case in which an Indian tribe has author-ized another Indian tribe, an intertribal consor-tium, or a tribal organization to plan for or carry out programs, services, functions, or ac-tivities (or portions thereof) on its behalf under this section, the authorized Indian tribe, inter-tribal consortium, or tribal organization shall have the rights and responsibilities of the au-thorizing Indian tribe (except as otherwise pro-vided in the authorizing resolution or in this title). In such event, the term ‘Indian tribe’ as used in this section shall include such other au-thorized Indian tribe, intertribal consortium, or 
tribal organization. 
‘‘(F) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means 
the tribal transportation self-governance pro-gram established under this section. 
‘‘(G) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Transportation. 
‘‘(H) T RANSPORTATION PROGRAMS .—The term 
‘transportation programs’ means all programs administered or financed by the Department under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER DEFINITIONS .— 
In this section, the definitions set forth in sec-tions 4 and 505 of the Indian Self-Determination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8695 December 1, 2015 
and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b; 
458aaa) apply, except as otherwise expressly provided in this section. 
‘‘(n) R
EGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) P ROMULGATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of the FAST Act, the Secretary shall initiate procedures under sub-chapter III of chapter 5 of title 5 to negotiate and promulgate such regulations as are nec-essary to carry out this section. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION OF PROPOSED REGULA -
TIONS .—Proposed regulations to implement this 
section shall be published in the Federal Reg-ister by the Secretary not later than 21 months after such date of enactment. 
‘‘(C) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity to promulgate regulations under subpara-graph (A) shall expire 30 months after such date of enactment. 
‘‘(D) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINES .—A deadline 
set forth in subparagraph (B) or (C) may be ex-tended up to 180 days if the negotiated rule-making committee referred to in paragraph (2) concludes that the committee cannot meet the deadline and the Secretary so notifies the ap-propriate committees of Congress. 
‘‘(2) C
OMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A negotiated rulemaking 
committee established pursuant to section 565 of title 5 to carry out this subsection shall have as its members only Federal and tribal government representatives, a majority of whom shall be nominated by and be representatives of Indian tribes with funding agreements under this title. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The committee shall 
confer with, and accommodate participation by, representatives of Indian tribes, inter-tribal con-sortia, tribal organizations, and individual trib-al members. 
‘‘(C) A
DAPTATION OF PROCEDURES .—The Sec-
retary shall adapt the negotiated rulemaking procedures to the unique context of self-govern-ance and the government-to-government rela-tionship between the United States and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(3) E
FFECT .—The lack of promulgated regu-
lations shall not limit the effect of this section. 
‘‘(4) E FFECT OF CIRCULARS , POLICIES , MANU -
ALS, GUIDANCE , AND RULES .—Unless expressly 
agreed to by the participating Indian tribe in the compact or funding agreement, the partici-pating Indian tribe shall not be subject to any agency circular, policy, manual, guidance, or rule adopted by the Department, except regula-tions promulgated under this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 2 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 206 the following: 
‘‘207. Tribal transportation self-governance pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 1122. STATE FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL 
HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICATIONS. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM FLEXI-
BILITY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidance relating to working with State depart-ments of transportation that request assistance from the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration— 
(1) to review roads classified as principal arte-
rials in the State that were added to the Na-tional Highway System as of October 1, 2012, so as to comply with section 103 of title 23, United States Code; and 
(2) to identify any necessary functional classi-
fication changes to rural and urban principal arterials. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—The Secretary 
shall direct the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration to work with the appli-cable State department of transportation that requests assistance under this section— 
(1) to assist in the review of roads in accord-
ance with guidance issued under subsection (a); 
(2) to expeditiously review and facilitate re-
quests from States to reclassify roads classified as principal arterials; and (3) in the case of a State that requests the 
withdrawal of reclassified roads from the Na-tional Highway System under section 103(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, to carry out that withdrawal if the inclusion of the reclassified road in the National Highway System is not consistent with the needs and priorities of the community or region in which the reclassified road is located. 
(c) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICATION  
REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) review the National Highway System modi-
fication process described in appendix D of part 470 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); and 
(2) take any action necessary to ensure that a 
State may submit to the Secretary a request to modify the National Highway System by with-drawing a road from the National Highway Sys-tem. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes a de-scription of— 
(1) each request for reclassification of Na-
tional Highway System roads; 
(2) the status of each request; and (3) if applicable, the justification for the de-
nial by the Secretary of a request. 
(e) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
SYSTEM .—Section 103(b)(3)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘, including any modification 
consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal,’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, including any modification 
consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal or the withdrawal of a road from that system,’’ after ‘‘the National Highway System’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(ii) enhances’’ and inserting 
‘‘(ii)(I) enhances’’; 
(B) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) in the case of the withdrawal of a road, 
is reasonable and appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 1123. NATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FEDERAL 
LANDS AND TRIBAL PROJECTS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The Secretary shall establish a 
nationally significant Federal lands and tribal projects program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) to provide funding to construct, reconstruct, or rehabilitate nationally signifi-cant Federal lands and tribal transportation projects. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), entities eligible to receive funds under sections 201, 202, 203, and 204 of title 23, United States Code, may apply for funding under the program. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State, county, or unit of 
local government may only apply for funding under the program if sponsored by an eligible Federal land management agency or Indian tribe. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—An eligible project 
under the program shall be a single continuous project— 
(1) on a Federal lands transportation facility, 
a Federal lands access transportation facility, or a tribal transportation facility (as those terms are defined in section 101 of title 23, United States Code), except that such facility is not re-quired to be included in an inventory described in section 202 or 203 of such title; 
(2) for which completion of activities required 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) has been dem-onstrated through— (A) a record of decision with respect to the 
project; 
(B) a finding that the project has no signifi-
cant impact; or 
(C) a determination that the project is cat-
egorically excluded; and 
(3) having an estimated cost, based on the re-
sults of preliminary engineering, equal to or ex-ceeding $25,000,000, with priority consideration given to projects with an estimated cost equal to or exceeding $50,000,000. 
(d) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), an 
eligible applicant receiving funds under the pro-gram may only use the funds for construction, reconstruction, and rehabilitation activities. 
(2) I
NELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible appli-
cant may not use funds received under the pro-gram for activities relating to project design. 
(e) A
PPLICATIONS .—Eligible applicants shall 
submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting a 
project to receive funds under the program, the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the project— 
(1) furthers the goals of the Department, in-
cluding state of good repair, economic competi-tiveness, quality of life, and safety; 
(2) improves the condition of critical transpor-
tation facilities, including multimodal facilities; 
(3) needs construction, reconstruction, or re-
habilitation; 
(4) has costs matched by funds that are not 
provided under this section, with projects with a greater percentage of other sources of matching funds ranked ahead of lesser matches; 
(5) is included in or eligible for inclusion in 
the National Register of Historic Places; 
(6) uses new technologies and innovations 
that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
(7) is supported by funds, other than the 
funds received under the program, to construct, maintain, and operate the facility; 
(8) spans 2 or more States; and (9) serves land owned by multiple Federal 
agencies or Indian tribes. 
(g) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the cost 
of a project shall be up to 90 percent. 
(2) N ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, any Federal funds other than those made available under title 23 or title 49, United States Code, may be used to pay the non-Federal share of the cost of a project carried out under this section. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. Such sums shall remain available for a period of 3 fiscal years following the fiscal year for which the amounts are appro-priated. 
Subtitle B—Planning and Performance 
Management 
SEC. 1201. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 134 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘people and freight and’’ and 
inserting ‘‘people and freight,’’ and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘and take into consideration 
resiliency needs’’ after ‘‘urbanized areas,’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bi-cycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus fa-cilities and commuter vanpool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8696 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection of 
officials or representatives under paragraph (2) shall be determined by the metropolitan plan-ning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organization. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling statute 
of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transpor-tation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An offi-
cial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have re-sponsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensurate with other officials described in paragraph (2).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5) as so redesignated by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A) by inserting ‘‘tour-
ism, natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘eco-nomic development,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resiliency and reliability of 
the transportation system and reduce or miti-gate stormwater impacts of surface transpor-tation; and 
‘‘(J) enhance travel and tourism.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i) by striking ‘‘tran-
sit,’’ and inserting ‘‘public transportation facili-ties, intercity bus facilities,’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, and reduce the vulner-
ability of the existing transportation infrastruc-ture to natural disasters’’ before the period at the end; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (H) by inserting ‘‘includ-
ing consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’ before the period at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before ‘‘freight 
shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators, employer-based commuting programs, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out pro-gram, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(E)’’ each place it appears; 
(8) in subsection (k)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘(in-
cluding intercity bus operators, employer-based commuting programs such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, park-ing cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program), job access projects,’’ after ‘‘reduction’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONGESTION MANAGEMENT PLAN .—A met-
ropolitan planning organization serving a trans-portation management area may develop a plan that includes projects and strategies that will be considered in the TIP of such metropolitan planning organization. Such plan shall— ‘‘(i) develop regional goals to reduce vehicle 
miles traveled during peak commuting hours and improve transportation connections between areas with high job concentration and areas with high concentrations of low-income house-holds; 
‘‘(ii) identify existing public transportation 
services, employer-based commuter programs, and other existing transportation services that support access to jobs in the region; and 
‘‘(iii) identify proposed projects and programs 
to reduce congestion and increase job access op-portunities. 
‘‘(D) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the plan 
under subparagraph (C), a metropolitan plan-ning organization shall consult with employers, private and nonprofit providers of public trans-portation, transportation management organiza-tions, and organizations that provide job access reverse commute projects or job-related services to low-income individuals.’’; 
(9) in subsection (l)— (A) by adding a period at the end of para-
graph (1); and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D) by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; 
(10) in subsection (n)(1) by inserting ‘‘49’’ 
after ‘‘chapter 53 of title’’; 
(11) in subsection (p) by striking ‘‘Funds set 
aside under section 104(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘Funds apportioned under paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b)’’; and 
(12) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(r) B
I-STATE METROPOLITAN PLANNING OR-
GANIZATION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF BI -STATE MPO REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Bi-State MPO Region’ has the meaning given the term ‘region’ in sub-section (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Re-gional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For the purpose of this 
title, the Bi-State MPO Region shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area under 
subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised of 
a population of 145,000 in the State of California and a population of 65,000 in the State of Ne-vada. 
‘‘(3) S
UBALLOCATED FUNDING .— 
‘‘(A) P LANNING .—In determining the amounts 
under subparagraph (A) of section 133(d)(1) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada under clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that subparagraph, the Secretary shall, for each of those States— 
‘‘(i) calculate the population under each of 
those clauses; 
‘‘(ii) decrease the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(iii) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Bi-State MPO Region in that State; and 
‘‘(iii) increase the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(i) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Bi-State MPO Region in that State. 
‘‘(B) STBGP 
SET ASIDE .—In determining the 
amounts under paragraph (2) of section 133(h) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada, the Secretary shall, for the purpose of that subsection, cal-culate the populations for each of those States in a manner consistent with subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. 1202. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
Section 135 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting, ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus fa-cilities and commuter van pool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resiliency and reliability of 
the transportation system and reduce or miti-gate stormwater impacts of surface transpor-tation; and 
‘‘(J) enhance travel and tourism.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii) by striking ‘‘ur-
banized’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘urban-
ized’’; 
(3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before ‘‘freight 
shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators, employer-based commuting programs, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out pro-gram, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (7), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, including 
consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’ before the period at the end; and 
(4) in subsection (g)(3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators),’’ after ‘‘private providers of transpor-tation’’. 
Subtitle C—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
SEC. 1301. SATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, with the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish procedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis required 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), the Secretary deter-mines that there is no feasible or prudent alter-native to avoid use of a historic site, the Sec-retary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Secretary 
in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination to— 
‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preserva-
tion officer and tribal historic preservation offi-cer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preservation 
officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the In-terior a concurrence that the determination is sufficient to satisfy subsection (a)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8697 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(B) C ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable preser-
vation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior each provide a concurrence re-quested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be re-quired. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a determina-
tion, together with each relevant concurrence to that determination, under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) be included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(ii) be posted on an appropriate Federal 
website by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all concurrences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the appli-
cable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy subsection (a)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To satisfy 
subsection (a)(2), each individual described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall concur in the treat-ment of the applicable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION .—Section 303 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, the requirements of this section with the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish procedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis required 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), the Secretary deter-mines that there is no feasible or prudent alter-native to avoid use of a historic site, the Sec-retary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Secretary 
in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination to— ‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preserva-
tion officer and tribal historic preservation offi-cer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preservation 
officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the In-terior a concurrence that the determination is sufficient to satisfy subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable preser-
vation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior each provide a concurrence re-quested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (c)(1) shall be re-quired. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a determina-
tion, together with each relevant concurrence to that determination, under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) be included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(ii) be posted on an appropriate Federal 
website by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all concurrences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the appli-
cable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy subsection (c)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To satisfy 
subsection (c)(2), the applicable preservation of-ficer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall concur in the treatment of the appli-cable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement devel-oped under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
SEC. 1302. CLARIFICATION OF TRANSPORTATION 
ENVIRONMENTAL AUTHORITIES. 
(a) T ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 138 of title 
23, United States Code, as amended by section 1301, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(d) R
EFERENCES TO PASTTRANSPORTATION  
ENVIRONMENTAL AUTHORITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S ECTION 4(F) REQUIREMENTS .—The re-
quirements of this section are commonly referred to as section 4(f) requirements (see section 4(f) of the Department of Transportation Act (Public Law 89–670; 80 Stat. 934) as in effect before the repeal of that section). 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 106 REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments of section 306108 of title 54 are commonly referred to as section 106 requirements (see sec-tion 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–665; 80 Stat. 917) as in effect before the repeal of that section).’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 303 of title 
49, United States Code, as amended by section 1301, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(f) R
EFERENCES TO PASTTRANSPORTATION  
ENVIRONMENTAL AUTHORITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S ECTION 4(F) REQUIREMENTS .—The re-
quirements of this section are commonly referred to as section 4(f) requirements (see section 4(f) of the Department of Transportation Act (Public Law 89–670; 80 Stat. 934) as in effect before the repeal of that section). 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 106 REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments of section 306108 of title 54 are commonly referred to as section 106 requirements (see sec-tion 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–665; 80 Stat. 917) as in effect before the repeal of that section).’’. 
SEC. 1303. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN BRIDGES 
UNDER PRESERVATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) P RESERVATION OF PARKLANDS .—Section 
138 of title 23, United States Code, as amended by section 1302, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or steel 
bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54 shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
(b) P
OLICY ON LANDS, WILDLIFE AND WATER-
FOWL REFUGES , AND HISTORIC SITES.—Section 
303 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 1302, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or steel 
bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54 shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
SEC. 1304. EFFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS 
FOR PROJECT DECISIONMAKING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 139(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(5) M ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ means a project that re-quires the approval of more than 1 Department of Transportation operating administration or secretarial office.’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(6) P
ROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘project’ means 
any highway project, public transportation cap-ital project, or multimodal project that, if imple-mented as proposed by the project sponsor, would require approval by any operating ad-ministration or secretarial office within the De-partment of Transportation. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining 
whether a project is a project under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall take into ac-count, if known, any sources of Federal funding or financing identified by the project sponsor, including any discretionary grant, loan, and loan guarantee programs administered by the Department of Transportation.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 139(b)(3) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘initiate a rule-making to’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-
paragraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that programmatic reviews— 
‘‘(i) promote transparency, including the 
transparency of— 
‘‘(I) the analyses and data used in the envi-
ronmental reviews; 
‘‘(II) the treatment of any deferred issues 
raised by agencies or the public; and 
‘‘(III) the temporal and spatial scales to be 
used to analyze issues under subclauses (I) and (II); 
‘‘(ii) use accurate and timely information, in-
cluding through establishment of— 
‘‘(I) criteria for determining the general dura-
tion of the usefulness of the review; and 
‘‘(II) a timeline for updating an out-of-date 
review; 
‘‘(iii) describe— ‘‘(I) the relationship between any pro-
grammatic analysis and future tiered analysis; and 
‘‘(II) the role of the public in the creation of 
future tiered analysis; 
‘‘(iv) are available to other relevant Federal 
and State agencies, Indian tribes, and the pub-lic; and 
‘‘(v) provide notice and public comment oppor-
tunities consistent with applicable require-ments.’’. 
(c) F
EDERAL LEADAGENCY .—Section 139(c) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(A) by inserting ‘‘, or an 
operating administration thereof designated by the Secretary,’’ after ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to consider and respond to comments re-
ceived from participating agencies on matters within the special expertise or jurisdiction of those agencies.’’. 
(d) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
(1) I NVITATION .—Section 139(d)(2) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The lead agency shall identify, as early as practicable in the environmental review process for a project,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 45 days after the date of publication of a notice of intent to prepare an environmental impact statement or the initiation of an environmental assessment, the lead agency shall identify’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8698 December 1, 2015 
(2) S INGLE NEPA DOCUMENT .—Section 139(d) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) S
INGLE NEPA DOCUMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as inconsistent 
with paragraph (7), to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with Federal law, all Federal permits and reviews for a project shall rely on a single environment document prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) under the leadership of the lead agency. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF DOCUMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the lead agency shall develop an environmental document sufficient to satisfy the requirements for any Federal approval or other Federal action required for the project, includ-ing permits issued by other Federal agencies. 
‘‘(ii) C
OOPERATION OF PARTICIPATING AGEN -
CIES.—Other participating agencies shall co-
operate with the lead agency and provide timely information to help the lead agency carry out this subparagraph. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT AS PARTICIPATING AND CO -
OPERATING AGENCIES .—A Federal agency re-
quired to make an approval or take an action for a project, as described in subparagraph (B), shall work with the lead agency for the project to ensure that the agency making the approval or taking the action is treated as being both a participating and cooperating agency for the project. 
‘‘(9) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES.—An agency participating in the environ-
mental review process under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) provide comments, responses, studies, or 
methodologies on those areas within the special expertise or jurisdiction of the agency; and 
‘‘(B) use the process to address any environ-
mental issues of concern to the agency.’’. 
(e) P
ROJECT INITIATION .—Section 139(e) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘(including 
any additional information that the project sponsor considers to be important to initiate the process for the proposed project)’’ after ‘‘general location of the proposed project’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .—Not later than 
45 days after the date on which the Secretary receives notification under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the project sponsor a written response that, as applicable— 
‘‘(A) describes the determination of the Sec-
retary— 
‘‘(i) to initiate the environmental review proc-
ess, including a timeline and an expected date for the publication in the Federal Register of the relevant notice of intent; or 
‘‘(ii) to decline the application, including an 
explanation of the reasons for that decision; or 
‘‘(B) requests additional information, and pro-
vides to the project sponsor an accounting re-garding what documentation is necessary to ini-tiate the environmental review process. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUEST TO DESIGNATE A LEAD AGENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any project sponsor may 
submit to the Secretary a request to designate the operating administration or secretarial office within the Department of Transportation with the expertise on the proposed project to serve as the Federal lead agency for the project. 
‘‘(B) S
ECRETARIAL ACTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary receives a 
request under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall respond to the request not later than 45 days after the date of receipt. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The response under 
clause (i) shall— 
‘‘(I) approve the request; ‘‘(II) deny the request, with an explanation of 
the reasons for the denial; or 
‘‘(III) require the submission of additional in-
formation. 
‘‘(iii) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If addi-
tional information is submitted in accordance with clause (ii)(III), the Secretary shall respond to the submission not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt. 
‘‘(5) E
NVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST .— 
‘‘(A) D EVELOPMENT .—The lead agency for a 
project, in consultation with participating agen-cies, shall develop, as appropriate, a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cultural, and historic resources in the area of the project. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of the checklist 
are— 
‘‘(i) to identify agencies and organizations 
that can provide information about natural, cultural, and historic resources; 
‘‘(ii) to develop the information needed to de-
termine the range of alternatives; and 
‘‘(iii) to improve interagency collaboration to 
help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and participating agencies.’’. 
(f) P
URPOSE AND NEED.—Section 139(f) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading by inserting ‘‘; 
ALTERNATIVES ANALYSIS ’’ after ‘‘N EED’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) P
ARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As early as practicable dur-
ing the environmental review process, the lead agency shall provide an opportunity for involve-ment by participating agencies and the public in determining the range of alternatives to be con-sidered for a project. 
‘‘(ii) C
OMMENTS OF PARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
To the maximum extent practicable and con-sistent with applicable law, each participating agency receiving an opportunity for involvement under clause (i) shall limit the comments of the agency to subject matter areas within the spe-cial expertise or jurisdiction of the agency. 
‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF NONPARTICIPATION .—A par-
ticipating agency that declines to participate in the development of the purpose and need and range of alternatives for a project shall be re-quired to comply with the schedule developed under subsection (g)(1)(B).’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘Following participation under 
paragraph (1)’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) D
ETERMINATION .—Following participation 
under subparagraph (A)’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) U
SE.—To the maximum extent practicable 
and consistent with Federal law, the range of alternatives determined for a project under clause (i) shall be used for all Federal environ-mental reviews and permit processes required for the project unless the alternatives must be modi-fied— 
‘‘(I) to address significant new information or 
circumstances, and the lead agency and partici-pating agencies agree that the alternatives must be modified to address the new information or circumstances; or 
‘‘(II) for the lead agency or a participating 
agency to fulfill the responsibilities of the agen-cy under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in a timely man-ner.’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) R
EDUCTION OF DUPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out this para-
graph, the lead agency shall reduce duplication, to the maximum extent practicable, between— 
‘‘(I) the evaluation of alternatives under the 
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(II) the evaluation of alternatives in the met-
ropolitan transportation planning process under section 134 or an environmental review process carried out under State law (referred to in this subparagraph as a ‘State environmental review process’). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .—The 
lead agency may eliminate from detailed consid-eration an alternative proposed in an environ-mental impact statement regarding a project if, as determined by the lead agency— ‘‘(I) the alternative was considered in a metro-
politan planning process or a State environ-mental review process by a metropolitan plan-ning organization or a State or local transpor-tation agency, as applicable; 
‘‘(II) the lead agency provided guidance to the 
metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency, as applicable, re-garding analysis of alternatives in the metro-politan planning process or State environmental review process, including guidance on the re-quirements of the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal law necessary for approval of the project; 
‘‘(III) the applicable metropolitan planning 
process or State environmental review process included an opportunity for public review and comment; 
‘‘(IV) the applicable metropolitan planning 
organization or State or local transportation agency rejected the alternative after considering public comments; 
‘‘(V) the Federal lead agency independently 
reviewed the alternative evaluation approved by the applicable metropolitan planning organiza-tion or State or local transportation agency; and 
‘‘(VI) the Federal lead agency determined— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with Federal partici-
pating or cooperating agencies, that the alter-native to be eliminated from consideration is not necessary for compliance with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
‘‘(bb) with the concurrence of Federal agen-
cies with jurisdiction over a permit or approval required for a project, that the alternative to be eliminated from consideration is not necessary for any permit or approval under any other Federal law.’’. 
(g) C
OORDINATION AND SCHEDULING .— 
(1) C OORDINATION PLAN .—Section 139(g)(1) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘The lead 
agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of publication of a notice of intent to prepare an environmental impact statement or the initiation of an environmental assess-ment, the lead agency’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(i) by striking ‘‘may 
establish as part of the coordination plan’’ and inserting ‘‘shall establish as part of such coordi-nation plan’’. 
(2) D
EADLINES FOR DECISIONS UNDER OTHER  
LAWS .—Section 139(g)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘and publish on the Internet’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’. 
(h) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
(1) I SSUE RESOLUTION .—Section 139(h) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) I
SSUE RESOLUTION .—Any issue resolved 
by the lead agency with the concurrence of par-ticipating agencies may not be reconsidered un-less significant new information or cir-cumstances arise.’’. 
(2) F
AILURE TO ASSURE .—Section 139(h)(5)(C) 
of title 23, United States Code (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(A)), is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (5) and’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’. 
(3) F
INANCIAL PENALTY PROVISIONS .—Section 
139(h)(7)(B) of title 23, United States Code (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(A)), is amended— 
(A) in clause (i)(I) by striking ‘‘under section 
106(i) is required’’ and inserting ‘‘is required under subsection (h) or (i) of section 106’’; and 
(B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF DATE .—The date referred 
to in clause (i) is— 
‘‘(I) the date that is 30 days after the date for 
rendering a decision as described in the project 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8699 December 1, 2015 
schedule established pursuant to subsection 
(g)(1)(B); 
‘‘(II) if no schedule exists, the later of— ‘‘(aa) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which an application for the permit, license, or approval is complete; and 
‘‘(bb) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which the Federal lead agency issues a deci-sion on the project under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
‘‘(III) a modified date in accordance with sub-
section (g)(1)(D).’’. 
(i) A
SSISTANCE TO AFFECTED STATE AND FED-
ERAL AGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 139(j) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE FUNDS .—The 
Secretary may allow a public entity receiving fi-nancial assistance from the Department of Transportation under this title or chapter 53 of title 49 to provide funds to Federal agencies (in-cluding the Department), State agencies, and Indian tribes participating in the environmental review process for the project or program. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds referred to in 
subparagraph (A) may be provided only to sup-port activities that directly and meaningfully contribute to expediting and improving permit-ting and review processes, including planning, approval, and consultation processes for the project or program.’’. 
(2) A
CTIVITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUNDING .—Sec-
tion 139(j)(2) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘activities directly related to the environmental review process,’’ before ‘‘dedicated staffing,’’. 
(3) A
GREEMENT .—Section 139(j) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) A
GREEMENT .—Prior to providing funds 
approved by the Secretary for dedicated staffing at an affected agency under paragraphs (1) and (2), the affected agency and the requesting pub-lic entity shall enter into an agreement that es-tablishes the projects and priorities to be ad-dressed by the use of the funds.’’. 
(j) A
CCELERATED DECISIONMAKING ; IMPROVING  
TRANSPARENCY IN ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 139 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) A
CCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In preparing a final envi-
ronmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the lead agency modifies the state-ment in response to comments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or expla-nations of why the comments do not warrant additional agency response, the lead agency may write on errata sheets attached to the state-ment instead of rewriting the draft statement, subject to the condition that the errata sheets— 
‘‘(A) cite the sources, authorities, and reasons 
that support the position of the agency; and 
‘‘(B) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger agency re-appraisal or further response. 
‘‘(2) S
INGLE DOCUMENT .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the lead agency shall expedi-tiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(A) the final environmental impact statement 
makes substantial changes to the proposed ac-tion that are relevant to environmental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(B) there is a significant new circumstance 
or information relevant to environmental con-cerns that bears on the proposed action or the impacts of the proposed action. 
‘‘(o) I
MPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVIRON -
MENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) use the searchable Internet website 
maintained under section 41003(b) of the FAST Act— 
‘‘(i) to make publicly available the status and 
progress of projects requiring an environmental assessment or an environmental impact state-ment with respect to compliance with applicable requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal, State, or local approval re-quired for those projects; and 
‘‘(ii) to make publicly available the names of 
participating agencies not participating in the development of a project purpose and need and range of alternatives under subsection (f); and 
‘‘(B) issue reporting standards to meet the re-
quirements of subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL , STATE , AND LOCAL AGENCY PAR -
TICIPATION .— 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL AGENCIES .—A Federal agency 
participating in the environmental review or permitting process for a project shall provide to the Secretary information regarding the status and progress of the approval of the project for publication on the Internet website referred to in paragraph (1)(A), consistent with the stand-ards established under paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(B) S
TATE AND LOCAL AGENCIES .—The Sec-
retary shall encourage State and local agencies participating in the environmental review per-mitting process for a project to provide informa-tion regarding the status and progress of the ap-proval of the project for publication on the Internet website referred to in paragraph (1)(A). 
‘‘(3) S
TATES WITH DELEGATED AUTHORITY .—A 
State with delegated authority for responsibil-ities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) pursuant to section 327 shall be responsible for supplying to the Secretary project development and compli-ance status for all applicable projects.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1319 of 
MAP–21 (42 U.S.C. 4332a), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents contained in section 1(c) of that Act, are repealed. 
(k) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PROGRAMMATIC COM-
PLIANCE .— 
(1) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete a rulemaking to implement the provisions of section 139(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, as amended by this section. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Before initiating the rule-
making under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with relevant Federal agencies, relevant State resource agencies, State departments of transportation, Indian tribes, and the public on the appropriate use and scope of the pro-grammatic approaches. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this sub-
section, the Secretary shall ensure that the rule-making meets the requirements of section 139(b)(3)(B) of title 23, United States Code, as amended by this section. 
(4) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—The Secretary shall— 
(A) allow not fewer than 60 days for public 
notice and comment on the proposed rule; and 
(B) address any comments received under this 
subsection. 
SEC. 1305. INTEGRATION OF PLANNING AND EN-
VIRONMENTAL REVIEW. 
Section 168 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 168. Integration of planning and environ-
mental review 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘environmental review process’ has the meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agency’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCT .—The term ‘planning 
product’ means a decision, analysis, study, or other documented information that is the result of an evaluation or decisionmaking process car-ried out by a metropolitan planning organiza-
tion or a State, as appropriate, during metro-politan or statewide transportation planning under section 134 or 135, respectively. 
‘‘(4) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(5) P ROJECT SPONSOR .—The term ‘project 
sponsor’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 139(a). 
‘‘(6) R
ELEVANT AGENCY .—The term ‘relevant 
agency’ means the agency with authority under subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(b) A
DOPTION OR INCORPORATION BY REF-
ERENCE OF PLANNING PRODUCTS FOR USE IN  
NEPA P ROCEEDINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d) 
and to the maximum extent practicable and ap-propriate, the following agencies may adopt or incorporate by reference and use a planning product in proceedings relating to any class of action in the environmental review process of the project: 
‘‘(A) The lead agency for a project, with re-
spect to an environmental impact statement, en-vironmental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(B) The cooperating agency with responsi-
bility under Federal law, with respect to the process for and completion of any environ-mental permit, approval, review, or study re-quired for a project under any Federal law other than the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if consistent with that law. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION .—If the relevant agency 
makes a determination to adopt or incorporate by reference and use a planning product, the relevant agency shall identify the agencies that participated in the development of the planning products. 
‘‘(3) A
DOPTION OR INCORPORATION BY REF -
ERENCE OF PLANNING PRODUCTS .—The relevant 
agency may— 
‘‘(A) adopt or incorporate by reference an en-
tire planning product under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) select portions of a planning project 
under paragraph (1) for adoption or incorpora-tion by reference. 
‘‘(4) T
IMING .—A determination under para-
graph (1) with respect to the adoption or incor-poration by reference of a planning product may— 
‘‘(A) be made at the time the relevant agencies 
decide the appropriate scope of environmental review for the project; or 
‘‘(B) occur later in the environmental review 
process, as appropriate. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) P LANNING DECISIONS .—The relevant agen-
cy in the environmental review process may adopt or incorporate by reference decisions from a planning product, including— 
‘‘(A) whether tolling, private financial assist-
ance, or other special financial measures are necessary to implement the project; 
‘‘(B) a decision with respect to general travel 
corridor or modal choice, including a decision to implement corridor or subarea study rec-ommendations to advance different modal solu-tions as separate projects with independent util-ity; 
‘‘(C) the purpose and the need for the pro-
posed action; 
‘‘(D) preliminary screening of alternatives and 
elimination of unreasonable alternatives; 
‘‘(E) a basic description of the environmental 
setting; 
‘‘(F) a decision with respect to methodologies 
for analysis; and 
‘‘(G) an identification of programmatic level 
mitigation for potential impacts of a project, in-cluding a programmatic mitigation plan devel-oped in accordance with section 169, that the relevant agency determines are more effectively addressed on a national or regional scale, in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8700 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(i) measures to avoid, minimize, and mitigate 
impacts at a national or regional scale of pro-posed transportation investments on environ-mental resources, including regional ecosystem and water resources; and 
‘‘(ii) potential mitigation activities, locations, 
and investments. 
‘‘(2) P
LANNING ANALYSES .—The relevant agen-
cy in the environmental review process may adopt or incorporate by reference analyses from a planning product, including— 
‘‘(A) travel demands; ‘‘(B) regional development and growth; ‘‘(C) local land use, growth management, and 
development; 
‘‘(D) population and employment; ‘‘(E) natural and built environmental condi-
tions; 
‘‘(F) environmental resources and environ-
mentally sensitive areas; 
‘‘(G) potential environmental effects, includ-
ing the identification of resources of concern and potential direct, indirect, and cumulative effects on those resources; and 
‘‘(H) mitigation needs for a proposed project, 
or for programmatic level mitigation, for poten-tial effects that the lead agency determines are most effectively addressed at a regional or na-tional program level. 
‘‘(d) C
ONDITIONS .—The relevant agency in the 
environmental review process may adopt or in-corporate by reference a planning product under this section if the relevant agency deter-mines, with the concurrence of the lead agency and, if the planning product is necessary for a cooperating agency to issue a permit, review, or approval for the project, with the concurrence of the cooperating agency, that the following conditions have been met: 
‘‘(1) The planning product was developed 
through a planning process conducted pursuant to applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(2) The planning product was developed in 
consultation with appropriate Federal and State resource agencies and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(3) The planning process included broad 
multidisciplinary consideration of systems-level or corridor-wide transportation needs and po-tential effects, including effects on the human and natural environment. 
‘‘(4) The planning process included public no-
tice that the planning products produced in the planning process may be adopted during a sub-sequent environmental review process in accord-ance with this section. 
‘‘(5) During the environmental review process, 
the relevant agency has— 
‘‘(A) made the planning documents available 
for public review and comment by members of the general public and Federal, State, local, and tribal governments that may have an interest in the proposed project; 
‘‘(B) provided notice of the intention of the 
relevant agency to adopt or incorporate by ref-erence the planning product; and 
‘‘(C) considered any resulting comments. ‘‘(6) There is no significant new information 
or new circumstance that has a reasonable like-lihood of affecting the continued validity or ap-propriateness of the planning product. 
‘‘(7) The planning product has a rational 
basis and is based on reliable and reasonably current data and reasonable and scientifically acceptable methodologies. 
‘‘(8) The planning product is documented in 
sufficient detail to support the decision or the results of the analysis and to meet requirements for use of the information in the environmental review process. 
‘‘(9) The planning product is appropriate for 
adoption or incorporation by reference and use in the environmental review process for the project and is incorporated in accordance with, and is sufficient to meet the requirements of, the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and section 1502.21 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the FAST Act). ‘‘(10) The planning product was approved 
within the 5-year period ending on the date on which the information is adopted or incor-porated by reference. 
‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF ADOPTION OR INCORPORATION  
BYREFERENCE .—Any planning product adopted 
or incorporated by reference by the relevant agency in accordance with this section may be— 
‘‘(1) incorporated directly into an environ-
mental review process document or other envi-ronmental document; and 
‘‘(2) relied on and used by other Federal agen-
cies in carrying out reviews of the project. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This section does not make 
the environmental review process applicable to the transportation planning process conducted under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSPORTATION PLANNING ACTIVITIES .— 
Initiation of the environmental review process as a part of, or concurrently with, transpor-tation planning activities does not subject trans-portation plans and programs to the environ-mental review process. 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCTS .—This section does 
not affect the use of planning products in the environmental review process pursuant to other authorities under any other provision of law or restrict the initiation of the environmental re-view process during planning.’’. 
SEC. 1306. DEVELOPMENT OF PROGRAMMATIC 
MITIGATION PLANS. 
Section 169(f) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘may use’’ and inserting ‘‘shall 
give substantial weight to’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘or other Federal environ-
mental law’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1307. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR STATES. 
Section 326 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE TO STATES .—On request of a 
Governor of a State, the Secretary shall provide to the State technical assistance, training, or other support relating to— 
‘‘(A) assuming responsibility under subsection 
(a); 
‘‘(B) developing a memorandum of under-
standing under this subsection; or 
‘‘(C) addressing a responsibility in need of 
corrective action under subsection (d)(1)(B).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (1) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the State is 
not adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to take 
such corrective action as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to comply with the appli-cable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the State, 
a detailed description of each responsibility in need of corrective action regarding an inad-equacy identified under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and pe-
riod described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subpara-graph (B), fails to take satisfactory corrective action, as determined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 1308. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PROJECT 
DELIVERY PROGRAM. 
Section 327 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) by striking ‘‘(42 
U.S.C. 13 4321 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’; (2) in subsection (c)(4) by inserting ‘‘reason-
ably’’ before ‘‘considers necessary’’; 
(3) in subsection (e) by inserting ‘‘and without 
further approval of’’ after ‘‘in lieu of’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To ensure compliance by a 
State with any agreement of the State under subsection (c) (including compliance by the State with all Federal laws for which responsi-
bility is assumed under subsection (a)(2)), for each State participating in the program under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 180 days after the date of 
execution of the agreement, meet with the State to review implementation of the agreement and discuss plans for the first annual audit; 
‘‘(B) conduct annual audits during each of 
the first 4 years of State participation; and 
‘‘(C) ensure that the time period for com-
pleting an annual audit, from initiation to com-pletion (including public comment and responses to those comments), does not exceed 180 days.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
UDIT TEAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An audit conducted under 
paragraph (1) shall be carried out by an audit team determined by the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the State, in accordance with sub-paragraph (B). 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—Consultation with the 
State under subparagraph (A) shall include a reasonable opportunity for the State to review and provide comments on the proposed members of the audit team.’’; 
(5) in subsection (j) by striking paragraph (1) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the State is 
not adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to take 
such corrective action as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to comply with the appli-cable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the State, 
a detailed description of each responsibility in need of corrective action regarding an inad-equacy identified under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and pe-
riod provided under subparagraph (B), fails to take satisfactory corrective action, as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) C
APACITY BUILDING .—The Secretary, in 
cooperation with representatives of State offi-cials, may carry out education, training, peer- exchange, and other initiatives as appropriate— 
‘‘(1) to assist States in developing the capacity 
to participate in the assignment program under this section; and 
‘‘(2) to promote information sharing and col-
laboration among States that are participating in the assignment program under this section. 
‘‘(l) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LOCALLY ADMINISTERED  
PROJECTS .—A State granted authority under 
this section may, as appropriate and at the re-quest of a local government— 
‘‘(1) exercise such authority on behalf of the 
local government for a locally administered project; or 
‘‘(2) provide guidance and training on consoli-
dating and minimizing the documentation and environmental analyses necessary for sponsors of a locally administered project to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any comparable re-quirements under State law.’’. 
SEC. 1309. PROGRAM FOR ELIMINATING DUPLICA-
TION OF ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to eliminate duplication of environmental re-views and approvals under State laws and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8701 December 1, 2015 
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 
U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(b) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 330. Program for eliminating duplication of 
environmental reviews 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a pilot program to authorize States that have assumed responsibilities of the Secretary under section 327 and are approved to partici-pate in the program under this section to con-duct environmental reviews and make approvals for projects under State environmental laws and regulations instead of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), consistent with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPATING STATES .—The Secretary 
may select not more than 5 States to participate in the program. 
‘‘(3) A
LTERNATIVE ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW  
AND APPROVAL PROCEDURES DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘alternative environmental re-view and approval procedures’ means— 
‘‘(A) substitution of 1 or more State environ-
mental laws for— 
‘‘(i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) any provisions of section 139 establishing 
procedures for the implementation of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) that are under the authority of the Secretary, as the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the State, considers appropriate; and 
‘‘(iii) related regulations and Executive or-
ders; and 
‘‘(B) substitution of 1 or more State environ-
mental regulations for— 
‘‘(i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) any provisions of section 139 establishing 
procedures for the implementation of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) that are under the authority of the Secretary, as the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the State, considers appropriate; and 
‘‘(iii) related regulations and Executive or-
ders. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to partici-
pate in the program, a State shall submit to the Secretary an application containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require, includ-ing— 
‘‘(1) a full and complete description of the 
proposed alternative environmental review and approval procedures of the State, including— 
‘‘(A) the procedures the State uses to engage 
the public and consider alternatives to the pro-posed action; and 
‘‘(B) the extent to which the State considers 
environmental consequences or impacts on re-sources potentially impacted by the proposed ac-tion (such as air, water, or species); 
‘‘(2) each Federal requirement described in 
subsection (a)(3) that the State is seeking to sub-stitute; 
‘‘(3) each State law or regulation that the 
State intends to substitute for such Federal re-quirement; 
‘‘(4) an explanation of the basis for con-
cluding that the State law or regulation is at least as stringent as the Federal requirement de-scribed in subsection (a)(3); 
‘‘(5) a description of the projects or classes of 
projects for which the State anticipates exer-cising the authority that may be granted under the program; 
‘‘(6) verification that the State has the finan-
cial resources necessary to carry out the author-ity that may be granted under the program; 
‘‘(7) evidence of having sought, received, and 
addressed comments on the proposed application from the public; and 
‘‘(8) any such additional information as the 
Secretary, or, with respect to section (d)(1)(A), the Secretary in consultation with the Chair, 
may require. 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .—In accordance 
with subsection (d), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) review and accept public comments on an 
application submitted under subsection (b); 
‘‘(2) approve or disapprove the application not 
later than 120 days after the date of receipt of an application that the Secretary determines is complete; and 
‘‘(3) transmit to the State notice of the ap-
proval or disapproval, together with a statement of the reasons for the approval or disapproval. 
‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove an application submitted under subsection (b) only if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary, with the concurrence of 
the Chair and after considering any public com-ments received pursuant to subsection (c), deter-mines that the laws and regulations of the State described in the application are at least as strin-gent as the Federal requirements described in subsection (a)(3); 
‘‘(B) the Secretary, after considering any pub-
lic comments received pursuant to subsection (c), determines that the State has the capacity, including financial and personnel, to assume the responsibility; 
‘‘(C) the State has executed an agreement 
with the Secretary in accordance with section 327; and 
‘‘(D) the State has executed an agreement 
with the Secretary under this section that— 
‘‘(i) has been executed by the Governor or the 
top-ranking transportation official in the State who is charged with responsibility for highway construction; 
‘‘(ii) is in such form as the Secretary may pre-
scribe; 
‘‘(iii) provides that the State— ‘‘(I) agrees to assume the responsibilities, as 
identified by the Secretary, under this section; 
‘‘(II) expressly consents, on behalf of the 
State, to accept the jurisdiction of the Federal courts under subsection (e)(1) for the compli-ance, discharge, and enforcement of any respon-sibility under this section; 
‘‘(III) certifies that State laws (including reg-
ulations) are in effect that— 
‘‘(aa) authorize the State to take the actions 
necessary to carry out the responsibilities being assumed; and 
‘‘(bb) are comparable to section 552 of title 5, 
including providing that any decision regarding the public availability of a document under those State laws is reviewable by a court of com-petent jurisdiction; and 
‘‘(IV) agrees to maintain the financial re-
sources necessary to carry out the responsibil-ities being assumed; 
‘‘(iv) requires the State to provide to the Sec-
retary any information the Secretary reasonably considers necessary to ensure that the State is adequately carrying out the responsibilities as-signed to the State; 
‘‘(v) has a term of not more than 5 years; and ‘‘(vi) is renewable. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—The National Environ-
mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall not apply to a decision by the Secretary to approve or disapprove an application submitted under this section. 
‘‘(e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The United States district 
courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any civil action against a State relating to the fail-ure of the State— 
‘‘(A) to meet the requirements of this section; 
or 
‘‘(B) to follow the alternative environmental 
review and approval procedures approved pur-suant to this section. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a claim seeking judicial review of a permit, license, or approval issued by a State under this section shall be barred unless the claim is filed not later than 2 years after the 
date of publication in the Federal Register by the Secretary of a notice that the permit, li-cense, or approval is final pursuant to the law under which the action is taken. 
‘‘(B) D
EADLINES .— 
‘‘(i) N OTIFICATION .—The State shall notify the 
Secretary of the final action of the State not later than 10 days after the final action is taken. 
‘‘(ii) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pub-
lish the notice of final action in the Federal Register not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the notice under clause (i). 
‘‘(C) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this 
subsection creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of a permit, license, or approval. 
‘‘(3) N
EW INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State shall consider new 
information received after the close of a com-ment period if the information satisfies the re-quirements for a supplemental environmental impact statement under section 771.130 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF FINAL AGENCY ACTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The final agency action 
that follows preparation of a supplemental envi-ronmental impact statement, if required, shall be considered a separate final agency action, and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial review of the action shall be 2 years after the date of publication in the Federal Register by the Sec-retary of a notice announcing such action. 
‘‘(ii) D
EADLINES .— 
‘‘(I) N OTIFICATION .—The State shall notify the 
Secretary of the final action of the State not later than 10 days after the final action is taken. 
‘‘(II) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pub-
lish the notice of final action in the Federal Register not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the notice under subclause (I). 
‘‘(f) E
LECTION .—A State participating in the 
programs under this section and section 327, at the discretion of the State, may elect to apply the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) instead of the alternative environmental review and approval procedures of the State. 
‘‘(g) A
DOPTION OR INCORPORATION BY REF-
ERENCE OF DOCUMENTS .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable and consistent with Federal law, other Federal agencies with authority over a project subject to this section shall adopt or incorporate by reference documents produced by a participating State under this section to sat-isfy the requirements of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(h) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LOCALLY ADMINIS -
TERED PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State with an approved 
program under this section, at the request of a local government, may exercise authority under that program on behalf of up to 25 local govern-ments for locally administered projects. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE.—For up to 25 local governments 
selected by a State with an approved program under this section, the State shall be responsible for ensuring that any environmental review, consultation, or other action required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or the State program, or both, meets the requirements of such Act or pro-gram. 
‘‘(i) R
EVIEW AND TERMINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State program approved 
under this section shall at all times be in accord-ance with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall review 
each State program approved under this section not less than once every 5 years. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—In con-
ducting the review process under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall provide notice and an oppor-tunity for public comment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8702 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(4) W ITHDRAWAL OF APPROVAL .—If the Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Chair, deter-mines at any time that a State is not admin-istering a State program approved under this section in accordance with the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall so notify the State, and if appropriate corrective action is not taken within a reasonable time, not to exceed 90 days, the Secretary shall withdraw approval of the State program. 
‘‘(5) E
XTENSIONS AND TERMINATIONS .—At the 
conclusion of the review process under para-graph (2), the Secretary may extend for an addi-tional 5-year period or terminate the authority of a State under this section to substitute the laws and regulations of the State for the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that describes the administration of the program, including— 
‘‘(1) the number of States participating in the 
program; 
‘‘(2) the number and types of projects for 
which each State participating in the program has used alternative environmental review and approval procedures; 
‘‘(3) a description and assessment of whether 
implementation of the program has resulted in more efficient review of projects; and 
‘‘(4) any recommendations for modifications to 
the program. 
‘‘(k) S
UNSET .—The program shall terminate 12 
years after the date of enactment of this section. 
‘‘(l) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) C HAIR.—The term ‘Chair’ means the 
Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality. 
‘‘(2) M ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ has the meaning given that term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means 
the pilot program established under this section. 
‘‘(4) P ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ means— 
‘‘(A) a project requiring approval under this 
title, chapter 53 of subtitle III of title 49, or sub-title V of title 49; and 
‘‘(B) a multimodal project.’’. (c) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality, shall promulgate regu-lations to implement the requirements of section 330 of title 23, United States Code, as added by this section. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF STRINGENCY .—As part 
of the rulemaking required under this sub-section, the Chair shall— 
(A) establish the criteria necessary to deter-
mine that a State law or regulation is at least as stringent as a Federal requirement described in section 330(a)(3) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) ensure that the criteria, at a minimum— (i) provide for protection of the environment; (ii) provide opportunity for public participa-
tion and comment, including access to the docu-mentation necessary to review the potential im-pact of a project; and 
(iii) ensure a consistent review of projects that 
would otherwise have been covered under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 3 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘330. Program for eliminating duplication of en-
vironmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 1310. APPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EX-
CLUSIONS FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS. 
Section 304 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— (1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘operating authority that’’ and 
inserting ‘‘operating administration or secre-tarial office that has expertise but’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ after 
‘‘with respect to a’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transportation operating administration or secretarial office that has the lead responsibility for compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to a proposed multimodal project.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by inserting ‘‘or title 23’’ 
after ‘‘under this title’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .—In consid-
ering the environmental impacts of a proposed multimodal project, a lead authority may apply categorical exclusions designated under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in implementing regulations or procedures of a cooperating authority for a proposed multimodal project, subject to the con-ditions that— 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a determina-
tion, with the concurrence of the cooperating authority— 
‘‘(A) on the applicability of a categorical ex-
clusion to a proposed multimodal project; and 
‘‘(B) that the project satisfies the conditions 
for a categorical exclusion under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and this section; 
‘‘(2) the lead authority follows the imple-
menting regulations of the cooperating author-ity or procedures under that Act; and 
‘‘(3) the lead authority determines that— ‘‘(A) the proposed multimodal project does not 
individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(B) extraordinary circumstances do not exist 
that merit additional analysis and documenta-tion in an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment required under that Act.’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATING AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .—A 
cooperating authority shall provide expertise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
SEC. 1311. ACCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting after section 304 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 304a. Accelerated decisionmaking in envi-
ronmental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In preparing a final envi-
ronmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the lead agency modifies the state-ment in response to comments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or expla-nations of why the comments do not warrant additional agency response, the lead agency may write on errata sheets attached to the state-ment, instead of rewriting the draft statement, subject to the condition that the errata sheets— 
‘‘(1) cite the sources, authorities, and reasons 
that support the position of the agency; and 
‘‘(2) if appropriate, indicate the circumstances 
that would trigger agency reappraisal or further response. 
‘‘(b) S
INGLE DOCUMENT .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the lead agency shall expedi-tiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(1) the final environmental impact statement 
makes substantial changes to the proposed ac-tion that are relevant to environmental or safety 
concerns; or 
‘‘(2) there is a significant new circumstance or 
information relevant to environmental concerns that bears on the proposed action or the impacts of the proposed action. 
‘‘(c) A
DOPTION AND INCORPORATION BY REF-
ERENCE OF DOCUMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A VOIDING DUPLICATION .—To prevent du-
plication of analyses and support expeditious and efficient decisions, the operating adminis-trations of the Department of Transportation shall use adoption and incorporation by ref-erence in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(2) A
DOPTION OF DOCUMENTS OF OTHER OPER -
ATING ADMINISTRATIONS .—An operating admin-
istration or a secretarial office within the De-partment of Transportation may adopt a draft environmental impact statement, an environ-mental assessment, or a final environmental im-pact statement of another operating administra-tion for the use of the adopting operating ad-ministration when preparing an environmental assessment or final environmental impact state-ment for a project without recirculating the doc-ument for public review, if— 
‘‘(A) the adopting operating administration 
certifies that the proposed action is substan-tially the same as the project considered in the document to be adopted; 
‘‘(B) the other operating administration con-
curs with such decision; and 
‘‘(C) such actions are consistent with the re-
quirements of the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) I
NCORPORATION BY REFERENCE .—An oper-
ating administration or secretarial office within the Department of Transportation may incor-porate by reference all or portions of a draft en-vironmental impact statement, an environmental assessment, or a final environmental impact statement for the use of the adopting operating administration when preparing an environ-mental assessment or final environmental im-pact statement for a project if— 
‘‘(A) the incorporated material is cited in the 
environmental assessment or final environ-mental impact statement and the contents of the incorporated material are briefly described; 
‘‘(B) the incorporated material is reasonably 
available for inspection by potentially interested persons within the time allowed for review and comment; and 
‘‘(C) the incorporated material does not in-
clude proprietary data that is not available for review and comment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 304 the following: 
‘‘304a. Accelerated decisionmaking in environ-
mental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 1312. IMPROVING STATE AND FEDERAL 
AGENCY ENGAGEMENT IN ENVIRON-MENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting after section 306 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 307. Improving State and Federal agency 
engagement in environmental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUESTS TO PROVIDE FUNDS .—A public 
entity receiving financial assistance from the Department of Transportation for 1 or more projects, or for a program of projects, for a pub-lic purpose may request that the Secretary allow the public entity to provide funds to Federal agencies, including the Department, State agen-cies, and Indian tribes participating in the envi-ronmental planning and review process for the project, projects, or program. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds may be pro-
vided only to support activities that directly and meaningfully contribute to expediting and im-proving permitting and review processes, includ-ing planning, approval, and consultation proc-esses for the project, projects, or program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8703 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(b) A CTIVITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUNDING .—Ac-
tivities for which funds may be provided under subsection (a) include transportation planning activities that precede the initiation of the envi-ronmental review process, activities directly re-lated to the environmental review process, dedi-cated staffing, training of agency personnel, in-formation gathering and mapping, and develop-ment of programmatic agreements. 
‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS .—A request under subsection 
(a) may be approved only for the additional amounts that the Secretary determines are nec-essary for the Federal agencies, State agencies, or Indian tribes participating in the environ-mental review process to timely conduct the re-view. 
‘‘(d) A
GREEMENTS .—Prior to providing funds 
approved by the Secretary for dedicated staffing at an affected Federal agency under subsection (a), the affected Federal agency and the re-questing public entity shall enter into an agree-ment that establishes a process to identify projects or priorities to be addressed by the use of the funds. 
‘‘(e) G
UIDANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue guidance to implement this section. 
‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—As part of the guidance issued 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall en-sure— 
‘‘(A) to the maximum extent practicable, that 
expediting and improving the process of envi-ronmental review and permitting through the use of funds accepted and expended under this section does not adversely affect the timeline for review and permitting by Federal agencies, State agencies, or Indian tribes of other entities that have not contributed funds under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(B) that the use of funds accepted under this 
section will not impact impartial decisionmaking with respect to environmental reviews or per-mits, either substantively or procedurally; and 
‘‘(C) that the Secretary maintains, and makes 
publicly available, including on the Internet, a list of projects or programs for which such re-view or permits have been carried out using funds authorized under this section. 
‘‘(f) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to conflict with section 139(j) of title 23.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 306 the following: 
‘‘307. Improving State and Federal agency en-
gagement in environmental re-views.’’. 
SEC. 1313. ALIGNING FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL 
REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting after section 309 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views 
‘‘(a) C
OORDINATED AND CONCURRENT ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Department of Transportation, in coordination with the heads of Federal agencies likely to have substantive review or approval responsibil-ities under Federal law, shall develop a coordi-nated and concurrent environmental review and permitting process for transportation projects when initiating an environmental impact state-ment under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘NEPA’). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The coordinated and concur-
rent environmental review and permitting proc-ess developed under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the Department of Transpor-
tation and agencies of jurisdiction possess suffi-cient information early in the review process to determine a statement of a transportation project’s purpose and need and range of alter-
natives for analysis that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction will rely on for concur-rent environmental reviews and permitting deci-sions required for the proposed project; 
‘‘(2) achieve early concurrence or issue resolu-
tion during the NEPA scoping process on the Department of Transportation’s statement of a project’s purpose and need, and during develop-ment of the environmental impact statement on the range of alternatives for analysis, that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction will rely on for concurrent environmental reviews and permitting decisions required for the pro-posed project absent circumstances that require reconsideration in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s obligations under a statute or Ex-ecutive order; and 
‘‘(3) achieve concurrence or issue resolution in 
an expedited manner if circumstances arise that require a reconsideration of the purpose and need or range of alternatives considered during any Federal agency’s environmental or permit-ting review in order to meet an agency of juris-diction’s obligations under a statute or Execu-tive order. 
‘‘(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Sec-retary of Transportation and Federal agencies of jurisdiction likely to have substantive review or approval responsibilities on transportation projects shall jointly develop a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cul-tural, and historic resources in the area of a proposed project. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the checklist 
shall be to— 
‘‘(A) identify agencies of jurisdiction and co-
operating agencies; 
‘‘(B) develop the information needed for the 
purpose and need and alternatives for analysis; and 
‘‘(C) improve interagency collaboration to 
help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction. 
‘‘(d) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with Federal en-
vironmental statutes, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall facilitate annual interagency col-laboration sessions at the appropriate jurisdic-tional level to coordinate business plans and fa-cilitate coordination of workload planning and workforce management. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE OF COLLABORATION SESSIONS .— 
The interagency collaboration sessions shall en-sure that agency staff is— 
‘‘(A) fully engaged; ‘‘(B) utilizing the flexibility of existing regula-
tions, policies, and guidance; and 
‘‘(C) identifying additional actions to facili-
tate high quality, efficient, and targeted envi-ronmental reviews and permitting decisions. 
‘‘(3) F
OCUS OF COLLABORATION SESSIONS .—The 
interagency collaboration sessions, and the interagency collaborations generated by the ses-sions, shall focus on methods to— 
‘‘(A) work with State and local transportation 
entities to improve project planning, siting, and application quality; and 
‘‘(B) consult and coordinate with relevant 
stakeholders and Federal, tribal, State, and local representatives early in permitting proc-esses. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION .—The interagency col-
laboration sessions shall include a consultation with groups or individuals representing State, tribal, and local governments that are engaged in the infrastructure permitting process. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation, in co-ordination with relevant Federal agencies, shall establish a program to measure and report on progress toward aligning Federal reviews and reducing permitting and project delivery time as outlined in this section. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this section and biennially thereafter, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report that describes— 
‘‘(A) progress in aligning Federal environ-
mental reviews under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the impact this section has had on accel-
erating the environmental review and permitting process. 
‘‘(2) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Transportation shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes— 
‘‘(A) progress in aligning Federal environ-
mental reviews under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the impact this section has had on accel-
erating the environmental review and permitting process. 
‘‘(g) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—This section shall 
not apply to any project subject to section 139 of title 23.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the following: 
‘‘310. Aligning Federal environmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 1314. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR 
PROJECTS OF LIMITED FEDERAL AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Section 1317 
of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; Public Law 112– 141) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(A) by inserting ‘‘(as ad-
justed annually by the Secretary to reflect any increases in the Consumer Price Index prepared by the Department of Labor)’’ after ‘‘$5,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)(B) by inserting ‘‘(as ad-
justed annually by the Secretary to reflect any increases in the Consumer Price Index prepared by the Department of Labor)’’ after ‘‘$30,000,000’’. 
(b) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .—The first ad-
justment made pursuant to the amendments made by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be carried out not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) reflect the increase in the Consumer Price 
Index since July 1, 2012. 
SEC. 1315. PROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEM-
PLATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1318 of MAP–21 (23 
U.S.C. 109 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) P
ROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEMPLATE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop 
a template programmatic agreement described in subsection (d) that provides for efficient and adequate procedures for evaluating Federal ac-tions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF TEMPLATE .—The Secretary— 
‘‘(A) on receipt of a request from a State, shall 
use the template programmatic agreement devel-oped under paragraph (1) in carrying out this section; and 
‘‘(B) on consent of the applicable State, may 
modify the template as necessary to address the unique needs and characteristics of the State. 
‘‘(3) O
UTCOME MEASUREMENTS .—The Secretary 
shall establish a method to verify that actions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection), are evaluated and documented in a consistent manner by the State that uses the template programmatic agreement under this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8704 December 1, 2015 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise 
section 771.117(g) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow a programmatic agreement under this section to include responsibility for making categorical exclusion determinations— 
(1) for actions described in subsections (c) and 
(d) of section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
(2) that meet the criteria for a categorical ex-
clusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), and are identified in the programmatic agreement. 
SEC. 1316. ASSUMPTION OF AUTHORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the 
authority under section 106(c) of title 23, United States Code, to the maximum extent practicable, to allow a State to assume the responsibilities of the Secretary for project design, plans, speci-fications, estimates, contract awards, and in-spection of projects, on both a project-specific and programmatic basis. 
(b) S
UBMISSION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not 
later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the States, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate rec-ommendations for legislation to permit the as-sumption of additional authorities by States, in-cluding with respect to real estate acquisition and project design. 
SEC. 1317. MODERNIZATION OF THE ENVIRON-
MENTAL REVIEW PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall examine ways to modernize, sim-plify, and improve the implementation of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by the Department. 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) the use of technology in the process, such 
as— 
(A) searchable databases; (B) geographic information system mapping 
tools; 
(C) integration of those tools with fiscal man-
agement systems to provide more detailed data; and 
(D) other innovative technologies; (2) ways to prioritize use of programmatic en-
vironmental impact statements; 
(3) methods to encourage cooperating agencies 
to present analyses in a concise format; and 
(4) any other improvements that can be made 
to modernize process implementation. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report describing the results of the review carried out under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1318. ASSESSMENT OF PROGRESS ON ACCEL-
ERATING PROJECT DELIVERY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall assess the progress made under this Act, MAP–21 (Pub-lic Law 112–141), and SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59), including the amendments made by those Acts, to accelerate the delivery of Federal- aid highway and highway safety construction projects and public transportation capital projects by streamlining the environmental re-view and permitting process. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment required 
under subsection (a) shall evaluate— 
(1) how often the various streamlining provi-
sions have been used; 
(2) which of the streamlining provisions have 
had the greatest impact on streamlining the en-vironmental review and permitting process; 
(3) what, if any, impact streamlining of the 
process has had on environmental protection; (4) how, and the extent to which, streamlining 
provisions have improved and accelerated the process for permitting under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and other applicable Federal laws; 
(5) what impact actions by the Council on En-
vironmental Quality have had on accelerating Federal-aid highway and highway safety con-struction projects and public transportation capital projects; 
(6) the number and percentage of projects that 
proceed under a traditional environmental as-sessment or environmental impact statement, and the number and percentage of projects that proceed under categorical exclusions; 
(7) the extent to which the environmental re-
view and permitting process remains a signifi-cant source of project delay and the sources of delays; and 
(8) the costs of conducting environmental re-
views and issuing permits or licenses for a project, including the cost of contractors and dedicated agency staff. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The assessment re-
quired under subsection (a) shall include rec-ommendations with respect to— 
(1) additional opportunities for streamlining 
the environmental review process, including reg-ulatory or statutory changes to accelerate the processes of Federal agencies (other than the Department) with responsibility for reviewing Federal-aid highway and highway safety con-struction projects and public transportation capital projects without negatively impacting the environment; and 
(2) best practices of other Federal agencies 
that should be considered for adoption by the Department. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report containing the assessment and recommendations required under this sec-tion. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 1401. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FUNDS 
FOR AUTOMATED TRAFFIC EN-FORCEMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, funds apportioned to a State under section 104(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, may not be used to purchase, operate, or maintain an automated traffic enforcement system. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) does not apply 
to an automated traffic enforcement system lo-cated in a school zone. 
(c) A
UTOMATED TRAFFIC ENFORCEMENT SYS-
TEMDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘auto-
mated traffic enforcement system’’ means any camera that captures an image of a vehicle for the purposes of traffic law enforcement. 
SEC. 1402. HIGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANS-
PARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (g) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANSPARENCY  
ANDACCOUNTABILITY REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPILATION OF DATA .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of the FAST Act, the Secretary shall compile data in accordance with this subsection on the use of Federal-aid highway funds made available under this title. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the reports required under this sub-section are made available in a user-friendly manner on the public Internet website of the De-partment of Transportation and can be searched and downloaded by users of the website. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) A PPORTIONED AND ALLOCATED PRO -
GRAMS .—On a semiannual basis, the Secretary shall make available a report on funding appor-
tioned and allocated to the States under this title that describes— 
‘‘(i) the amount of funding obligated by each 
State, year-to-date, for the current fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) the amount of funds remaining available 
for obligation by each State; 
‘‘(iii) changes in the obligated, unexpended 
balance for each State, year-to-date, during the current fiscal year, including the obligated, un-expended balance at the end of the preceding fiscal year and current fiscal year expenditures; 
‘‘(iv) the amount and program category of un-
obligated funding, year-to-date, available for expenditure at the discretion of the Secretary; 
‘‘(v) the rates of obligation on and off the Na-
tional Highway System, year-to-date, for the current fiscal year of funds apportioned, allo-cated, or set aside under this section, according to— 
‘‘(I) program; ‘‘(II) funding category or subcategory; ‘‘(III) type of improvement; ‘‘(IV) State; and ‘‘(V) sub-State geographical area, including 
urbanized and rural areas, on the basis of the population of each such area; and 
‘‘(vi) the amount of funds transferred by each 
State, year-to-date, for the current fiscal year between programs under section 126. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECT DATA .—On an annual basis, the 
Secretary shall make available a report that provides, for any project funded under this title (excluding projects for which funds are trans-ferred to agencies other than the Federal High-way Administration) with an estimated total cost as of the start of construction greater than $25,000,000, and to the maximum extent prac-ticable, other projects funded under this title, project data describing— 
‘‘(i) the specific location of the project; ‘‘(ii) the total cost of the project; ‘‘(iii) the amount of Federal funding obligated 
for the project; 
‘‘(iv) the program or programs from which 
Federal funds have been obligated for the project; 
‘‘(v) the type of improvement being made, 
such as categorizing the project as— 
‘‘(I) a road reconstruction project; ‘‘(II) a new road construction project; ‘‘(III) a new bridge construction project; ‘‘(IV) a bridge rehabilitation project; or ‘‘(V) a bridge replacement project; ‘‘(vi) the ownership of the highway or bridge; ‘‘(vii) whether the project is located in an area 
of the State with a population of— 
‘‘(I) less than 5,000 individuals; ‘‘(II) 5,000 or more individuals but less than 
50,000 individuals; 
‘‘(III) 50,000 or more individuals but less than 
200,000 individuals; or 
‘‘(IV) 200,000 or more individuals; and ‘‘(viii) available information on the estimated 
cost of the project as of the start of project con-struction, or the revised cost estimate based on a description of revisions to the scope of work or other factors affecting project cost other than cost overruns.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1503 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112– 141) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 1403. ADDITIONAL DEPOSITS INTO HIGHWAY 
TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 104 the following: 
‘‘§ 105. Additional deposits into Highway 
Trust Fund 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If monies are deposited 
into the Highway Account or Mass Transit Ac-count pursuant to a law enacted subsequent to the date of enactment of the FAST Act, the Sec-retary shall make available additional amounts of contract authority under subsections (b) and (c). 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF ADJUSTMENT .—If monies are 
deposited into the Highway Account or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8705 December 1, 2015 
Mass Transit Account as described in subsection 
(a), on October 1 of the fiscal year following the deposit of such monies, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) make available for programs authorized 
from such account for such fiscal year a total amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) the amount otherwise authorized to be 
appropriated for such programs for such fiscal year; plus 
‘‘(B) an amount equal to such monies depos-
ited into such account during the previous fiscal year as described in subsection (a); and 
‘‘(2) distribute the additional amount under 
paragraph (1)(B) to each of such programs in accordance with subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ADJUSTMENT AMONG  
PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In making an adjustment 
for programs authorized to be appropriated from 
the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Ac-count for a fiscal year under subsection (b), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) determine the ratio that— ‘‘(i) the amount authorized to be appropriated 
for a program from the account for the fiscal year; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount authorized to be appro-
priated for such fiscal year for all programs under such account; 
‘‘(B) multiply the ratio determined under sub-
paragraph (A) by the amount of the adjustment determined under subsection (b)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(C) adjust the amount that the Secretary 
would otherwise have allocated for the program for such fiscal year by the amount calculated under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(2) F
ORMULA PROGRAMS .—For a program for 
which funds are distributed by formula, the Sec-retary shall add the adjustment to the amount authorized for the program but for this section and make available the adjusted program amount for such program in accordance with such formula. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY FOR OBLIGATION .—Adjusted 
amounts under this subsection shall be available for obligation and administered in the same manner as other amounts made available for the program for which the amount is adjusted. 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF EMERGENCY RELIEF PRO-
GRAM AND COVERED ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—The Secretary shall exclude the emer-
gency relief program under section 125 and cov-ered administrative expenses from an adjust-ment of funding under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated from the appropriate account or accounts of the Highway Trust Fund an amount equal to the amount of an adjustment for a fiscal year under subsection (b) for any of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
‘‘(f) R
EVISION TO OBLIGATION LIMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary makes an 
adjustment under subsection (b) for a fiscal year to an amount subject to a limitation on obliga-tions imposed by section 1102 or 3018 of the FAST Act— 
‘‘(A) such limitation on obligations for such 
fiscal year shall be revised by an amount equal to such adjustment; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary shall distribute such limi-
tation on obligations, as revised under subpara-graph (A), in accordance with such sections. 
‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF COVERED ADMINISTRATIVE  
EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall exclude covered 
administrative expenses from— 
‘‘(A) any calculation relating to a revision of 
a limitation on obligations under paragraph (1)(A); and 
‘‘(B) any distribution of a revised limitation 
on obligations under paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— 
The term ‘covered administrative expenses’ means the administrative expenses of— 
‘‘(A) the Federal Highway Administration, as 
authorized under section 104(a); 
‘‘(B) the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-
ministration, as authorized under section 4001(a)(6) of the FAST Act; and ‘‘(C) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Admin-
istration, as authorized under section 31110 of title 49. 
‘‘(2) H
IGHWAY ACCOUNT .—The term ‘Highway 
Account’ means the portion of the Highway Trust Fund that is not the Mass Transit Ac-count. 
‘‘(3) M
ASS TRANSIT ACCOUNT .—The term ‘Mass 
Transit Account’ means the Mass Transit Ac-count of the Highway Trust Fund established under section 9503(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104 the following: 
‘‘105. Additional deposits into Highway Trust 
Fund.’’. 
SEC. 1404. DESIGN STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 109 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by striking ‘‘may take into account’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall consider’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) cost savings by utilizing flexibility that 
exists in current design guidance and regula-tions; and’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (F); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) the publication entitled ‘Highway Safety 
Manual’ of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials; 
‘‘(E) the publication entitled ‘Urban Street 
Design Guide’ of the National Association of City Transportation Officials; and’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f) by inserting ‘‘pedestrian 
walkways,’’ after ‘‘bikeways,’’. 
(b) D
ESIGN STANDARD FLEXIBILITY .—Notwith-
standing section 109(o) of title 23, United States Code, a State may allow a local jurisdiction to use a roadway design publication that is dif-ferent from the roadway design publication used by the State in which the local jurisdiction is lo-cated for the design of a project on a roadway under the ownership of the local jurisdiction (other than a highway on the Interstate System) if— 
(1) the local jurisdiction is a direct recipient of 
Federal funds for the project; 
(2) the roadway design publication— (A) is recognized by the Federal Highway Ad-
ministration; and 
(B) is adopted by the local jurisdiction; and (3) the design complies with all other applica-
ble Federal laws. 
SEC. 1405. JUSTIFICATION REPORTS FOR ACCESS 
POINTS ON THE INTERSTATE SYS-TEM. 
Section 111(e) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting ‘‘(including new or modified freeway-to-crossroad interchanges in-side a transportation management area)’’ after ‘‘the Interstate System’’. 
SEC. 1406. PERFORMANCE PERIOD ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)(7), by striking ‘‘for 2 con-
secutive reports submitted under this paragraph shall include in the next report submitted’’ and inserting ‘‘shall include as part of the perform-ance target report under section 150(e)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(1)(A) in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘If, during 2 con-secutive reporting periods, the condition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the 
Interstate System, in a State falls’’ and insert-ing ‘‘If a State reports that the condition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the Interstate System, has fallen’’. 
(b) H
IGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 148(i) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘performance targets of the State estab-lished under section 150(d) by the date that is 2 years after the date of the establishment of the performance targets’’ and inserting ‘‘safety per-formance targets of the State established under section 150(d)’’; and 
(2) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by inserting 
‘‘safety’’ before ‘‘performance targets’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 1407. VEHICLE-TO-INFRASTRUCTURE EQUIP-
MENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119(d)(2)(L) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing the installation of vehicle-to-infrastructure communication equipment’’ after ‘‘capital im-provements’’. 
(b) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK GRANT 
PROGRAM .—Section 133(b)(1)(D) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including the installation of vehicle-to-infra-structure communication equipment’’ after ‘‘capital improvements’’. 
SEC. 1408. FEDERAL SHARE PAYABLE. 
(a) I NNOVATIVE PROJECT DELIVERY METH-
ODS.—Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘engineering or design ap-
proaches,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or project delivery’’ after 
‘‘or contracting’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (iii) by inserting ‘‘and alter-
native bidding’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (vi); 
and 
(D) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(v) innovative pavement materials that have 
a demonstrated life cycle of 75 or more years, are manufactured with reduced greenhouse gas emissions, and reduce construction-related con-gestion by rapidly curing; or’’; and 
(b) E
MERGENCY RELIEF .—Section 120(e)(2) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Federal land access transportation facili-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federally owned roads that are open to public travel’’. 
SEC. 1409. MILK PRODUCTS. 
Section 127(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(13) M ILK PRODUCTS .—A vehicle carrying 
fluid milk products shall be considered a load that cannot be easily dismantled or divided.’’. 
SEC. 1410. INTERSTATE WEIGHT LIMITS. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) C OVERED HEAVY-DUTY TOW AND RECOV-
ERYVEHICLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The vehicle weight limita-
tions set forth in this section do not apply to a covered heavy-duty tow and recovery vehicle. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED HEAVY -DUTY TOW AND RECOV -
ERY VEHICLE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘covered heavy-duty tow and recovery ve-hicle’ means a vehicle that— 
‘‘(A) is transporting a disabled vehicle from 
the place where the vehicle became disabled to the nearest appropriate repair facility; and 
‘‘(B) has a gross vehicle weight that is equal 
to or exceeds the gross vehicle weight of the dis-abled vehicle being transported. 
‘‘(n) O
PERATION OF VEHICLES ON CERTAIN  
HIGHWAYS IN THE STATE OF TEXAS.—If any seg-
ment in the State of Texas of United States Route 59, United States Route 77, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8706 December 1, 2015 
Route 281, United States Route 84, Texas State 
Highway 44, or another roadway is designated as Interstate Route 69, a vehicle that could op-erate legally on that segment before the date of the designation may continue to operate on that segment, without regard to any requirement under this section. 
‘‘(o) C
ERTAIN LOGGING VEHICLES IN THE STATE 
OFWISCONSIN .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall waive, 
with respect to a covered logging vehicle, the application of any vehicle weight limit estab-lished under this section. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED LOGGING VEHICLE DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘covered logging vehi-cle’ means a vehicle that— 
‘‘(A) is transporting raw or unfinished forest 
products, including logs, pulpwood, biomass, or wood chips; 
‘‘(B) has a gross vehicle weight of not more 
than 98,000 pounds; 
‘‘(C) has not less than 6 axles; and ‘‘(D) is operating on a segment of Interstate 
Route 39 in the State of Wisconsin from mile marker 175.8 to mile marker 189. 
‘‘(p) O
PERATION OF CERTAIN SPECIALIZED VE-
HICLES ON CERTAIN HIGHWAYS IN THE STATE OF  
ARKANSAS .—If any segment of United States 
Route 63 between the exits for highways 14 and 75 in the State of Arkansas is designated as part of the Interstate System, the single axle weight, tandem axle weight, gross vehicle weight, and bridge formula limits under subsection (a) and the width limitation under section 31113(a) of title 49 shall not apply to that segment with re-spect to the operation of any vehicle that could operate legally on that segment before the date of the designation. 
‘‘(q) C
ERTAIN LOGGING VEHICLES IN THE STATE 
OFMINNESOTA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall waive, 
with respect to a covered logging vehicle, the application of any vehicle weight limit estab-lished under this section. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED LOGGING VEHICLE DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘covered logging vehi-cle’ means a vehicle that— 
‘‘(A) is transporting raw or unfinished forest 
products, including logs, pulpwood, biomass, or wood chips; 
‘‘(B) has a gross vehicle weight of not more 
than 99,000 pounds; 
‘‘(C) has not less than 6 axles; and ‘‘(D) is operating on a segment of Interstate 
Route 35 in the State of Minnesota from mile marker 235.4 to mile marker 259.552. 
‘‘(r) E
MERGENCY VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subsection 
(a), a State shall not enforce against an emer-gency vehicle a vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 86,000 pounds) of less than— 
‘‘(A) 24,000 pounds on a single steering axle; ‘‘(B) 33,500 pounds on a single drive axle; 
‘‘(C) 62,000 pounds on a tandem axle; or ‘‘(D) 52,000 pounds on a tandem rear drive 
steer axle. 
‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY VEHICLE DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘emergency vehicle’ means a vehicle designed to be used under emergency conditions— 
‘‘(A) to transport personnel and equipment; 
and 
‘‘(B) to support the suppression of fires and 
mitigation of other hazardous situations. 
‘‘(s) N
ATURAL GASVEHICLES .—A vehicle, if 
operated by an engine fueled primarily by nat-ural gas, may exceed any vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 82,000 pounds) under this section by an amount that is equal to the difference between— 
‘‘(1) the weight of the vehicle attributable to 
the natural gas tank and fueling system carried by that vehicle; and 
‘‘(2) the weight of a comparable diesel tank 
and fueling system.’’. SEC. 1411. TOLLING; HOV FACILITIES; INTER-
STATE RECONSTRUCTION AND RE-HABILITATION. 
(a) T OLLING .—Section 129(a) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘shall use’’ and inserting 
‘‘shall ensure that’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘are used’’ before ‘‘only for’’; (2) by striking paragraph (4) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (5) through (9) as para-graphs (4) through (8), respectively; and 
(3) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (4) (as 
so redesignated) by striking ‘‘Federal-aid sys-tem’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal-aid highways’’; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (8) (as so re-
designated)— 
‘‘(9) E
QUAL ACCESS FOR OVER -THE-ROAD  
BUSES .—An over-the-road bus that serves the 
public shall be provided access to a toll facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions as public transportation buses.’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (10)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) O
VER-THE-ROAD BUS .—The term ‘over- 
the-road bus’ has the meaning given the term in section 301 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12181).’’. 
(b) HOV F
ACILITIES .—Section 166 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the agency’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘the authority’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking the paragraph heading and in-
serting ‘‘
AUTHORITY OF PUBLIC AUTHORITIES ’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘State agency’’ and inserting 
‘‘public authority’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘State agency’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘public authority’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) provides equal access under the same 
rates, terms, and conditions for all public trans-portation vehicles and over-the-road buses serv-ing the public.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)(C)— (i) in clause (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii) by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) ensure that over-the-road buses serving 
the public are provided access to the facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions as public transportation buses.’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) S
PECIAL RULE .—Before September 30, 
2025, if a public authority establishes procedures for enforcing the restrictions on the use of a HOV facility by vehicles described in clauses (i) and (ii), the public authority may allow the use of the HOV facility by— 
‘‘(i) alternative fuel vehicles; and ‘‘(ii) any motor vehicle described in section 
30D(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2019’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
301, tolls may be charged under paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (b), subject to the require-ments of section 129.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-
nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); (5) in subsection (d)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘State agency’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘public authority’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (D) and (E); and (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) M
AINTENANCE OF OPERATING PERFORM -
ANCE.— 
‘‘(i) S UBMISSION OF PLAN .—Not later than 180 
days after the date on which a facility is de-graded under paragraph (2), the public author-ity with jurisdiction over the facility shall sub-mit to the Secretary for approval a plan that de-tails the actions the public authority will take to make significant progress toward bringing the facility into compliance with the minimum aver-age operating speed performance standard through changes to the operation of the facility, including— 
‘‘(I) increasing the occupancy requirement for 
HOV lanes; 
‘‘(II) varying the toll charged to vehicles al-
lowed under subsection (b) to reduce demand; 
‘‘(III) discontinuing allowing non-HOV vehi-
cles to use HOV lanes under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(IV) increasing the available capacity of the 
HOV facility. 
‘‘(ii) N
OTICE OF APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of a plan under clause (i), the Secretary shall provide to the public authority a written notice indicating whether the Secretary has approved or disapproved the plan based on a determina-tion of whether the implementation of the plan will make significant progress toward bringing the HOV facility into compliance with the min-imum average operating speed performance standard. 
‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL PROGRESS UPDATES .—Until the 
date on which the Secretary determines that the public authority has brought the HOV facility into compliance with this subsection, the public authority shall submit annual updates that de-scribe— 
‘‘(I) the actions taken to bring the HOV facil-
ity into compliance; and 
‘‘(II) the progress made by those actions. ‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .—If the public authority 
fails to bring a facility into compliance under subparagraph (D), the Secretary shall subject the public authority to appropriate program sanctions under section 1.36 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), until the performance is no longer degraded. 
‘‘(F) W
AIVER .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Upon the request of a pub-
lic authority, the Secretary may waive the com-pliance requirements of subparagraph (E), if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(I) the waiver is in the best interest of the 
traveling public; 
‘‘(II) the public authority is meeting the con-
ditions under subparagraph (D); and 
‘‘(III) the public authority has made a good 
faith effort to improve the performance of the facility. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONDITION .—The Secretary may require, 
as a condition of providing a waiver under this subparagraph, that a public authority take ad-ditional actions, as determined by the Secretary, to maximize the operating speed performance of the facility, even if such performance is below the level set under paragraph (2).’’; 
(6) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘solely’’ before ‘‘operating’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)(B)(iii) by striking ‘‘State 
agency’’ and inserting ‘‘public authority’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (5); (D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) O
VER-THE-ROAD BUS .—The term ‘over- 
the-road bus’ has the meaning given the term in section 301 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12181). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8707 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(5) P UBLIC AUTHORITY .—The term ‘public au-
thority’ as used with respect to a HOV facility, means a State, interstate compact of States, public entity designated by a State, or local gov-ernment having jurisdiction over the operation of the facility.’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) C
ONSULTATION OF MPO.—If a HOV facil-
ity charging tolls under paragraph (4) or (5) of subsection (b) is on the Interstate System and located in a metropolitan planning area estab-lished in accordance with section 134, the public authority shall consult with the metropolitan planning organization for the area concerning the placement and amount of tolls on the facil-ity.’’. 
(c) I
NTERSTATE SYSTEM RECONSTRUCTION AND  
REHABILITATION PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 
1216(b) of the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (E) by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) the State has the authority required for 
the project to proceed.’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through 
(8) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT COMPLE -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) G ENERAL TERM FOR EXPIRATION OF PRO -
VISIONAL APPLICATION .—An application provi-
sionally approved by the Secretary under this subsection shall expire 3 years after the date on which the application was provisionally ap-proved if the State has not— 
‘‘(i) submitted a complete application to the 
Secretary that fully satisfies the eligibility cri-teria under paragraph (3) and the selection cri-teria under paragraph (4); 
‘‘(ii) completed the environmental review and 
permitting process under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the pilot project; and 
‘‘(iii) executed a toll agreement with the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS TO EXPIRATION .—Notwith-
standing subparagraph (A), the Secretary may extend the provisional approval for not more than 1 additional year if the State demonstrates material progress toward implementation of the project as evidenced by— 
‘‘(i) substantial progress in completing the en-
vironmental review and permitting process for the pilot project under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) funding and financing commitments for 
the pilot project; 
‘‘(iii) expressions of support for the pilot 
project from State and local governments, com-munity interests, and the public; and 
‘‘(iv) submission of a facility management 
plan pursuant to paragraph (3)(D). 
‘‘(C) C
ONDITIONS FOR PREVIOUSLY PROVISION -
ALLY APPROVED APPLICATIONS .—A State with a 
provisionally approved application for a pilot project as of the date of enactment of the FAST Act shall have 1 year after that date of enact-ment to meet the requirements of subparagraph (A) or receive an extension from the Secretary under subparagraph (B), or the application will expire. 
‘‘(7) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘provisional approval’ or ‘provisionally ap-proved’ means the approval by the Secretary of a partial application under this subsection, in-cluding the reservation of a slot in the pilot pro-gram.’’. 
(d) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS .—The Sec-
retary may approve an application submitted under section 1604(c) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1253) if the application, or any part of the application, was submitted be-
fore the deadline specified in section 1604(c)(8) of that Act. 
SEC. 1412. PROJECTS FOR PUBLIC SAFETY RELAT-
ING TO IDLING TRAINS. 
Section 130(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘and the relocation of highways to eliminate grade crossings’’ and in-serting ‘‘the relocation of highways to eliminate grade crossings, and projects at grade crossings to eliminate hazards posed by blocked grade crossings due to idling trains’’. 
SEC. 1413. NATIONAL ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARG-
ING AND HYDROGEN, PROPANE, AND NATURAL GAS FUELING CORRIDORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 150 the following: 
‘‘§ 151. National electric vehicle charging and 
hydrogen, propane, and natural gas fueling corridors 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the FAST Act, the Sec-retary shall designate national electric vehicle charging and hydrogen, propane, and natural gas fueling corridors that identify the near- and long-term need for, and location of, electric ve-hicle charging infrastructure, hydrogen fueling infrastructure, propane fueling infrastructure, and natural gas fueling infrastructure at stra-tegic locations along major national highways to improve the mobility of passenger and com-mercial vehicles that employ electric, hydrogen fuel cell, propane, and natural gas fueling tech-nologies across the United States. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF CORRIDORS .—In desig-
nating the corridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) solicit nominations from State and local 
officials for facilities to be included in the cor-ridors; 
‘‘(2) incorporate existing electric vehicle 
charging, hydrogen fueling, propane fueling, and natural gas fueling corridors designated by a State or group of States; and 
‘‘(3) consider the demand for, and location of, 
existing electric vehicle charging stations, hy-drogen fueling stations, propane fueling sta-tions, and natural gas fueling infrastructure. 
‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—In designating corridors 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall in-volve, on a voluntary basis, stakeholders that include— 
‘‘(1) the heads of other Federal agencies; ‘‘(2) State and local officials; ‘‘(3) representatives of— ‘‘(A) energy utilities; ‘‘(B) the electric, fuel cell electric, propane, 
and natural gas vehicle industries; 
‘‘(C) the freight and shipping industry; ‘‘(D) clean technology firms; ‘‘(E) the hospitality industry; ‘‘(F) the restaurant industry; ‘‘(G) highway rest stop vendors; and ‘‘(H) industrial gas and hydrogen manufac-
turers; and 
‘‘(4) such other stakeholders as the Secretary 
determines to be necessary. 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGNATION .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date of establishment of the corridors under subsection (a), and every 5 years there-after, the Secretary shall update and redesig-nate the corridors. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—During designation and redes-
ignation of the corridors under this section, the Secretary shall issue a report that— 
‘‘(1) identifies electric vehicle charging infra-
structure, hydrogen fueling infrastructure, pro-pane fueling infrastructure, and natural gas fueling infrastructure and standardization needs for electricity providers, industrial gas providers, natural gas providers, infrastructure providers, vehicle manufacturers, electricity purchasers, and natural gas purchasers; and 
‘‘(2) establishes an aspirational goal of 
achieving strategic deployment of electric vehi-cle charging infrastructure, hydrogen fueling infrastructure, propane fueling infrastructure, 
and natural gas fueling infrastructure in those corridors by the end of fiscal year 2020.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 150 the following: 
‘‘151. National electric vehicle charging and hy-
drogen, propane, and natural gas fueling corridors.’’. 
(c) O
PERATION OF BATTERY RECHARGING STA-
TIONS IN PARKING AREAS USED BY FEDERAL EM-
PLOYEES .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of Gen-
eral Services may install, construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station (or allow, on a reimbursable basis, the use of a 120-volt electrical receptacle for battery recharging) in a parking area that is in the custody, control, or administrative juris-diction of the General Services Administration for the use of only privately owned vehicles of employees of the General Services Administra-tion, tenant Federal agencies, and others who are authorized to park in such area to the ex-tent such use by only privately owned vehicles does not interfere with or impede access to the equipment by Federal fleet vehicles. 
(B) A
REAS UNDER OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES .— 
The Administrator of General Services (on the request of a Federal agency) or the head of a Federal agency may install, construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station (or allow, on a reimbursable basis, the use of a 120-volt electrical receptacle for battery recharging) in a parking area that is in the custody, control, or administrative juris-diction of the requesting Federal agency, to the extent such use by only privately owned vehi-cles does not interfere with or impede access to the equipment by Federal fleet vehicles. 
(C) U
SE OF VENDORS .—The Administrator of 
General Services, with respect to subparagraph (A) or (B), or the head of a Federal agency, with respect to subparagraph (B), may carry out such subparagraph through a contract with a vendor, under such terms and conditions (in-cluding terms relating to the allocation between the Federal agency and the vendor of the costs of carrying out the contract) as the Adminis-trator or the head of the Federal agency, as the case may be, and the vendor may agree to. 
(2) I
MPOSITION OF FEES TO COVER COSTS .— 
(A) F EES.—The Administrator of General 
Services or the head of the Federal agency under paragraph (1)(B) shall charge fees to the individuals who use the battery recharging sta-tion in such amount as is necessary to ensure that the respective agency recovers all of the costs such agency incurs in installing, con-structing, operating, and maintaining the sta-tion. 
(B) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .—Any 
fees collected by the Administrator of General Services or the Federal agency, as the case may be, under this paragraph shall be— 
(i) deposited monthly in the Treasury to the 
credit of the respective agency’s appropriations account for the operations of the building where the battery recharging station is located; and 
(ii) available for obligation without further 
appropriation during— 
(I) the fiscal year collected; and (II) the fiscal year following the fiscal year 
collected. 
(3) N
O EFFECT ON EXISTING PROGRAMS FOR  
HOUSE AND SENATE .—Nothing in this subsection 
affects the installation, construction, operation, or maintenance of battery recharging stations by the Architect of the Capitol— 
(A) under Public Law 112–170 (2 U.S.C. 2171), 
relating to employees of the House of Represent-atives and individuals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives on the Capitol Grounds; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8708 December 1, 2015 
(B) under Public Law 112–167 (2 U.S.C. 2170), 
relating to employees of the Senate and individ-uals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Senate on the Cap-itol Grounds. 
(4) N
O EFFECT ON SIMILAR AUTHORITIES .— 
Nothing in this subsection— 
(A) repeals or limits any existing authorities 
of a Federal agency to install, construct, oper-ate, or maintain battery recharging stations; or 
(B) requires a Federal agency to seek reim-
bursement for the costs of installing or con-structing a battery recharging station— 
(i) that has been installed or constructed prior 
to the date of enactment of this Act; 
(ii) that is installed or constructed for Federal 
fleet vehicles, but that receives incidental use to recharge privately owned vehicles; or 
(iii) that is otherwise installed or constructed 
pursuant to appropriations for that purpose. 
(5) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 10 years, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report describing— 
(A) the number of battery recharging stations 
installed by the Administrator on the Adminis-trator’s own initiative under this subsection; 
(B) requests from other Federal agencies to in-
stall battery recharging stations; and 
(C) the status and disposition of requests from 
other Federal agencies. 
(6) F
EDERAL AGENCY DEFINED .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘Federal agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, and in-cludes— 
(A) the United States Postal Service; 
(B) the Executive Office of the President; (C) the military departments (as defined in 
section 102 of title 5, United States Code); and 
(D) the judicial branch. (7) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection shall 
apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 1414. REPEAT OFFENDER CRITERIA. 
Section 164(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respectively; 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) 24-7 SOBRIETY PROGRAM .—The term ‘24-7 
sobriety program’ has the meaning given the term in section 405(d)(7)(A).’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘or combination of laws or pro-grams’’ after ‘‘State law’’; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(A) receive, for a period of not less than 1 
year— 
‘‘(i) a suspension of all driving privileges; ‘‘(ii) a restriction on driving privileges that 
limits the individual to operating only motor ve-hicles with an ignition interlock device in-stalled, unless a special exception applies; 
‘‘(iii) a restriction on driving privileges that 
limits the individual to operating motor vehicles only if participating in, and complying with, a 24-7 sobriety program; or 
‘‘(iv) any combination of clauses (i) through 
(iii);’’; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (B); (D) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively; and 
(E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated— (i) in clause (i)(II) by inserting before the 
semicolon the following: ‘‘(unless the State cer-tifies that the general practice is that such an individual will be incarcerated)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii)(II) by inserting before the pe-
riod at the end the following: ‘‘(unless the State certifies that the general practice is that such 
an individual will receive 10 days of incarcer-ation)’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL EXCEPTION .—The term ‘special 
exception’ means an exception under a State al-cohol-ignition interlock law for the following circumstances: 
‘‘(A) The individual is required to operate an 
employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(B) The individual is certified by a medical 
doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an ignition inter-lock device.’’. 
SEC. 1415. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS TO EN-
COURAGE POLLINATOR HABITAT AND FORAGE ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘(including 
the enhancement of habitat and forage for polli-nators)’’ before ‘‘adjacent’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TAT AND FORAGE DEVELOPMENT AND PROTEC -
TION ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS -OF-WAY.—In 
carrying out any program administered by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall, in conjunction with willing States, as appro-priate— 
‘‘(1) encourage integrated vegetation manage-
ment practices on roadsides and other transpor-tation rights-of-way, including reduced mowing; and 
‘‘(2) encourage the development of habitat 
and forage for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees through plantings of native forbs and grasses, including noninvasive, native milkweed species that can serve as migratory way stations for butterflies and facilitate migrations of other pollinators.’’. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF HABITAT , FORAGE , ANDMI-
GRATORY WAYSTATIONS FOR MONARCH BUTTER -
FLIES , OTHER NATIVE POLLINATORS , ANDHONEY  
BEES.—Section 329(a)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘provision of habitat, forage, and migratory way stations for Monarch butterflies, other native polli-nators, and honey bees,’’ before ‘‘and aesthetic enhancement’’. 
SEC. 1416. HIGH PRIORITY CORRIDORS ON NA-
TIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF HIGHPRIORITY COR-
RIDORS ON NATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—Sec-
tion 1105(c) of the Intermodal Surface Transpor-tation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2032; 112 Stat. 190; 119 Stat. 1213) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (13) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(13) Raleigh-Norfolk Corridor from Raleigh, 
North Carolina, through Rocky Mount, Williamston, and Elizabeth City, North Caro-lina, to Norfolk, Virginia.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (18)(D)— (A) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii) by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) include Texas State Highway 44 from 
United States Route 59 at Freer, Texas, to Texas State Highway 358.’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (68) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(68) The Washoe County Corridor and the 
Intermountain West Corridor, which shall gen-erally follow— 
‘‘(A) for the Washoe County Corridor, along 
Interstate Route 580/United States Route 95/ United States Route 95A from Reno, Nevada, to Las Vegas, Nevada; and 
‘‘(B) for the Intermountain West Corridor, 
from the vicinity of Las Vegas, Nevada, north along United States Route 95 terminating at Interstate Route 80.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(81) United States Route 117/Interstate Route 
795 from United States Route 70 in Goldsboro, Wayne County, North Carolina, to Interstate Route 40 west of Faison, Sampson County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(82) United States Route 70 from its intersec-
tion with Interstate Route 40 in Garner, Wake County, North Carolina, to the Port at More-head City, Carteret County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(83) The Sonoran Corridor along State Route 
410 connecting Interstate Route 19 and Inter-state Route 10 south of the Tucson Inter-national Airport. 
‘‘(84) The Central Texas Corridor commencing 
at the logical terminus of Interstate Route 10, generally following portions of United States Route 190 eastward, passing in the vicinity Fort Hood, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Bryan, College Station, Huntsville, Livingston, and Woodville, to the logical terminus of Texas Highway 63 at the Sabine River Bridge at Burrs Crossing. 
‘‘(85) Interstate Route 81 in New York from its 
intersection with Interstate Route 86 to the United States-Canadian border. 
‘‘(86) Interstate Route 70 from Denver, Colo-
rado, to Salt Lake City, Utah. 
‘‘(87) The Oregon 99W Newberg-Dundee By-
pass Route between Newberg, Oregon, and Day-ton, Oregon. 
‘‘(88) Interstate Route 205 in Oregon from its 
intersection with Interstate Route 5 to the Co-lumbia River.’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN ROUTE SEGMENTS  
ONINTERSTATE SYSTEM .—Section 1105(e)(5)(A) 
of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 (109 Stat. 597; 118 Stat. 293; 119 Stat. 1213) is amended in the first sentence— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(13),’’ after 
‘‘subsection (c)(9),’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘subsections (c)(18)’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘subsection (c)(36)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(18), subsection (c)(20), subparagraphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26), subsection (c)(36)’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(57)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(57), subsection (c)(68)(B), subsection (c)(81), subsection (c)(82), and subsection (c)(83)’’. 
(c) D
ESIGNATION .—Section 1105(e)(5)(C)(i) of 
the Intermodal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 (109 Stat. 598; 126 Stat. 427) is amended by striking the final sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The routes referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26) and in subsection (c)(68)(B) are des-ignated as Interstate Route I–11. The route re-ferred to in subsection (c)(84) is designated as Interstate Route I–14.’’. 
(d) F
UTURE INTERSTATE DESIGNATION .—Sec-
tion 119(a) of the SAFETEA–LU Technical Cor-rections Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 1608) is amended by striking ‘‘and, as a future Interstate Route 66 Spur, the Natcher Parkway in Owensboro, Ken-tucky’’ and inserting ‘‘between Henderson, Ken-tucky, and Owensboro, Kentucky, and, as a fu-ture Interstate Route 65 and 66 Spur, the Wil-liam H. Natcher Parkway between Bowling Green, Kentucky, and Owensboro, Kentucky’’. 
SEC. 1417. WORK ZONE AND GUARD RAIL SAFETY 
TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1409 of SAFETEA– 
LU (23 U.S.C. 401 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking the section heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ WORK ZONE AND GUARD RAIL SAFETY TRAIN -
ING’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b) by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(4) Development, updating, and delivery of 
training courses on guard rail installation, maintenance, and inspection.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1409 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 1409. Work zone and guard rail safety 
training.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8709 December 1, 2015 
SEC. 1418. CONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS. 
Section 1519(a) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 574) is 
amended by striking ‘‘From administrative funds’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be made available’’ and inserting ‘‘For each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020, before making an apportionment under section 104(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall set aside, from amounts made available to carry out the highway safety improvement program under section 148 of such title for the fiscal year, $3,500,000’’. 
SEC. 1419. ELIMINATION OR MODIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) F UNDAMENTAL PROPERTIES OF ASPHALTS  
REPORT .—Section 6016(e) of the Intermodal Sur-
face Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2183) is repealed. 
(b) E
XPRESS LANES DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM  
REPORTS .—Section 1604(b)(7)(B) of SAFETEA– 
LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1420. FLEXIBILITY FOR PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—With respect to projects eligi-
ble for funding under title 23, United States Code, subject to subsection (b) and on request by a State, the Secretary may— 
(1) exercise all existing flexibilities under and 
exceptions to— 
(A) the requirements of title 23, United States 
Code; and 
(B) other requirements administered by the 
Secretary, in whole or part; and 
(2) otherwise provide additional flexibility or 
expedited processing with respect to the require-ments described in paragraph (1). 
(b) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIONS .—Nothing in 
this section— 
(1) waives the requirements of section 113 or 
138 of title 23, United States Code; 
(2) supersedes, amends, or modifies— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other Federal environmental law; or 
(B) any requirement of title 23 or title 49, 
United States Code; or 
(3) affects the responsibility of any Federal of-
ficer to comply with or enforce any law or re-quirement described in this subsection. 
SEC. 1421. PRODUCTIVE AND TIMELY EXPENDI-
TURE OF FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop guidance that encourages the use of programmatic approaches to project delivery, expedited and prudent procurement techniques, and other best practices to facilitate productive, effective, and timely expenditure of funds for projects eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall 
work with States to ensure that any guidance developed under subsection (a) is consistently implemented by States and the Federal Highway Administration to— 
(1) avoid unnecessary delays in completing 
projects; 
(2) minimize cost overruns; and (3) ensure the effective use of Federal fund-
ing. 
SEC. 1422. STUDY ON PERFORMANCE OF 
BRIDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the 
Administrator of the Federal Highway Adminis-tration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’) shall commission the Transpor-tation Research Board of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the perform-ance of bridges that received funding under the innovative bridge research and construction program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘pro-gram’’) under section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1144)) in meeting the goals of that program, which included— 
(1) the development of new, cost-effective in-
novative material highway bridge applications; (2) the reduction of maintenance costs and 
lifecycle costs of bridges, including the costs of new construction, replacement, or rehabilitation of deficient bridges; 
(3) the development of construction techniques 
to increase safety and reduce construction time and traffic congestion; 
(4) the development of engineering design cri-
teria for innovative products and materials for use in highway bridges and structures; 
(5) the development of cost-effective and inno-
vative techniques to separate vehicle and pedes-trian traffic from railroad traffic; 
(6) the development of highway bridges and 
structures that will withstand natural disasters, including alternative processes for the seismic retrofit of bridges; and 
(7) the development of new nondestructive 
bridge evaluation technologies and techniques. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The study commissioned 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of the performance of bridges 
that received funding under the program in meeting the goals described in paragraphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a); 
(2) an analysis of the utility, compared to con-
ventional materials and technologies, of each of the innovative materials and technologies used in projects for bridges under the program in meeting the needs of the United States in 2015 and in the future for a sustainable and low lifecycle cost transportation system; 
(3) recommendations to Congress on how the 
installed and lifecycle costs of bridges could be reduced through the use of innovative materials and technologies, including, as appropriate, any changes in the design and construction of bridges needed to maximize the cost reductions; and 
(4) a summary of any additional research that 
may be needed to further evaluate innovative approaches to reducing the installed and lifecycle costs of highway bridges. 
(c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Before commissioning 
the study under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the study proposal. 
(d) D
ATAFROM STATES .—Each State that re-
ceived funds under the program shall provide to the Transportation Research Board any rel-evant data needed to carry out the study com-missioned under subsection (a). 
(e) D
EADLINE .—The Administrator shall sub-
mit to Congress the study commissioned under subsection (a) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1423. RELINQUISHMENT OF PARK-AND-RIDE 
LOT FACILITIES. 
A State transportation agency may relinquish 
park-and-ride lot facilities or portions of park- and-ride lot facilities to a local government agency for highway purposes if authorized to do so under State law if the agreement providing for the relinquishment provides that— 
(1) rights-of-way on the Interstate System will 
remain available for future highway improve-ments; and 
(2) modifications to the facilities that could 
impair the highway or interfere with the free and safe flow of traffic are subject to the ap-proval of the Secretary. 
SEC. 1424. PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Highway Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) may estab-lish a pilot program that allows a State to uti-lize innovative approaches to maintain the right-of-way of Federal-aid highways within the State. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—A pilot program established 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) terminate after not more than 4 years; (2) include not more than 5 States; and (3) be subject to guidelines published by the 
Administrator. 
(c) R
EPORT .—If the Administrator establishes 
a pilot program under subsection (a), the Ad-ministrator shall, not more than 1 year after the 
completion of the pilot program, submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the results of the pilot program. 
(d) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to affect the requirements of section 111 of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 1425. SERVICE CLUB, CHARITABLE ASSOCIA-
TION, OR RELIGIOUS SERVICE SIGNS. 
Notwithstanding section 131 of title 23, United 
States Code, and part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), if a State notifies the Federal Highway Adminis-tration, the State may allow the maintenance of a sign of a service club, charitable association, or religious service organization— 
(1) that exists on the date of enactment of this 
Act (or was removed in the 3-year period ending on such date of enactment); and 
(2) the area of which is less than or equal to 
32 square feet. 
SEC. 1426. MOTORCYCLIST ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
The Secretary, acting through the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Highway Administration, shall appoint a Motorcyclist Advisory Council to coordinate with and advise the Administrator on infrastructure issues of concern to motorcy-clists, including— 
(1) barrier design; (2) road design, construction, and mainte-
nance practices; and 
(3) the architecture and implementation of in-
telligent transportation system technologies. 
SEC. 1427. HIGHWAY WORK ZONES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Federal 
Highway Administration should— 
(1) do all within its power to protect workers 
in highway work zones; and 
(2) move rapidly to finalize regulations, as di-
rected in section 1405 of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 560), to protect the lives and safety of construction workers in highway work zones from vehicle in-trusions. 
SEC. 1428. USE OF DURABLE, RESILIENT, AND 
SUSTAINABLE MATERIALS AND PRACTICES. 
To the extent practicable, the Secretary shall 
encourage the use of durable, resilient, and sus-tainable materials and practices, including the use of geosynthetic materials and other innova-tive technologies, in carrying out the activities of the Federal Highway Administration. 
SEC. 1429. IDENTIFICATION OF ROADSIDE HIGH-
WAY SAFETY HARDWARE DEVICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
study on methods for identifying roadside high-way safety hardware devices to improve the data collected on the devices, as necessary for in-service evaluation of the devices. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate identification methods based on the ability of the method— 
(1) to convey information on the devices, in-
cluding manufacturing date, factory of origin, product brand, and model; 
(2) to withstand roadside conditions; and (3) to connect to State and regional inven-
tories of similar devices. 
(c) I
DENTIFICATION METHODS .—The identifica-
tion methods to be studied under this section in-clude stamped serial numbers, radio-frequency identification, and such other methods as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
January 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1430. USE OF MODELING AND SIMULATION 
TECHNOLOGY. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-
ment should utilize, to the fullest and most eco-nomically feasible extent practicable, modeling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8710 December 1, 2015 
and simulation technology to analyze highway 
and public transportation projects authorized by this Act to ensure that these projects— 
(1) will increase transportation capacity and 
safety, alleviate congestion, and reduce travel time and environmental impacts; and 
(2) are as cost effective as practicable. 
SEC. 1431. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
TRAVEL AND TOURISM INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) 1 out of every 9 jobs in the United States 
depends on travel and tourism, and the industry supports 15,000,000 jobs in the United States; 
(2) the travel and tourism industry employs 
individuals in all 50 States, the District of Co-lumbia, and all of the territories of the United States; 
(3) international travel to the United States is 
the single largest export industry in the United States, generating a trade surplus balance of approximately $74,000,000,000; 
(4) travel and tourism provide significant eco-
nomic benefits to the United States by gener-ating nearly $2,100,000,000,000 in annual eco-nomic output; and 
(5) the United States intermodal transpor-
tation network facilitates the large-scale move-ment of business and leisure travelers, and is the most important asset of the travel industry. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish an advisory committee to be known as the National Advisory Committee on Travel and Tourism Infrastructure (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Committee’’) to provide information, advice, and recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to the role of intermodal transportation in facilitating mobil-ity related to travel and tourism activities. 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall— 
(1) be composed of members appointed by the 
Secretary for terms of not more than 3 years; and 
(2) include a representative cross-section of 
public and private sector stakeholders involved in the travel and tourism industry, including representatives of— 
(A) the travel and tourism industry, product 
and service providers, and travel and tourism- related associations; 
(B) travel, tourism, and destination marketing 
organizations; 
(C) the travel and tourism-related workforce; (D) State tourism offices; 
(E) State departments of transportation; (F) regional and metropolitan planning orga-
nizations; and 
(G) local governments. (d) R
OLE OF COMMITTEE .—The Committee 
shall— 
(1) advise the Secretary on current and emerg-
ing priorities, issues, projects, and funding needs related to the use of the intermodal trans-portation network of the United States to facili-tate travel and tourism; 
(2) serve as a forum for discussion for travel 
and tourism stakeholders on transportation issues affecting interstate and interregional mo-bility of passengers; 
(3) promote the sharing of information be-
tween the private and public sectors on trans-portation issues impacting travel and tourism; 
(4) gather information, develop technical ad-
vice, and make recommendations to the Sec-retary on policies that improve the condition and performance of an integrated national transportation system that— 
(A) is safe, economical, and efficient; and (B) maximizes the benefits to the United 
States generated through the travel and tourism industry; 
(5) identify critical transportation facilities 
and corridors that facilitate and support the interstate and interregional transportation of passengers for tourism, commercial, and rec-reational activities; 
(6) provide for development of measures of 
condition, safety, and performance for transpor-tation related to travel and tourism; (7) provide for development of transportation 
investment, data, and planning tools to assist Federal, State, and local officials in making in-vestment decisions relating to transportation projects that improve travel and tourism; and 
(8) address other issues of transportation pol-
icy and programs impacting the movement of travelers for tourism and recreational purposes, including by making legislative recommenda-tions. 
(e) N
ATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM INFRA-
STRUCTURE STRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Com-mittee, State departments of transportation, and other appropriate public and private transpor-tation stakeholders, shall develop and post on the public Internet website of the Department a national travel and tourism infrastructure stra-tegic plan that includes— 
(1) an assessment of the condition and per-
formance of the national transportation net-work; 
(2) an identification of the issues on the na-
tional transportation network that create sig-nificant congestion problems and barriers to long-haul passenger travel and tourism, 
(3) forecasts of long-haul passenger travel and 
tourism volumes for the 20-year period begin-ning in the year during which the plan is issued; 
(4) an identification of the major transpor-
tation facilities and corridors for current and forecasted long-haul travel and tourism vol-umes, the identification of which shall be re-vised, as appropriate, in subsequent plans; 
(5) an assessment of statutory, regulatory, 
technological, institutional, financial, and other barriers to improved long-haul passenger travel performance (including opportunities for over-coming the barriers); 
(6) best practices for improving the perform-
ance of the national transportation network; and 
(7) strategies to improve intermodal 
connectivity for long-haul passenger travel and tourism. 
SEC. 1432. EMERGENCY EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any road, highway, rail-
way, bridge, or transit facility that is damaged by an emergency that is declared by the Gov-ernor of the State, with the concurrence of the Secretary of Homeland Security, or declared as an emergency by the President pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), and that is in operation or under construction on the date on which the emergency occurs may be reconstructed in the same location with the same capacity, dimensions, and design as before the emergency subject to the exemptions and ex-pedited procedures under subsection (b). 
(b) E
XEMPTIONS AND EXPEDITED PROCE-
DURES .— 
(1) A LTERNATIVE ARRANGEMENTS .—Alternative 
arrangements for an emergency under section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) shall apply to reconstruction under sub-section (a), and the reconstruction shall be con-sidered necessary to control the immediate im-pacts of the emergency. 
(2) S
TORMWATER DISCHARGE PERMITS .—A gen-
eral permit for stormwater discharges from con-struction activities, if available, issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency or the director of a State program under section 402(p) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342(p)), as applicable, shall apply to reconstruction under subsection (a), on submission of a notice of intent to be subject to the permit. 
(3) E
MERGENCY PROCEDURES .—The emergency 
procedures for issuing permits in accordance with section 325.2(e)(4) of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act) shall apply to reconstruc-tion under subsection (a), and the reconstruc-
tion shall be considered an emergency under that regulation. 
(4) N
ATIONAL HISTORIC PRESERVATION ACT EX -
EMPTION .—Reconstruction under subsection (a) 
is eligible for an exemption from the require-ments of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 pursuant to part 78 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(5) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT EXEMPTION .—An 
exemption from the requirements of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) pursuant to section 7(p) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1536(p)) shall apply to reconstruction under sub-section (a) and, if the President makes the de-termination required under section 7(p) of that Act, the determinations required under sub-sections (g) and (h) of that section shall be deemed to be made. 
(6) E
XPEDITED CONSULTATION UNDER ENDAN -
GERED SPECIES ACT .—Expedited consultation 
pursuant to section 402.05 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) shall apply to reconstruc-tion under subsection (a). 
(7) O
THER EXEMPTIONS .—Any reconstruction 
that is exempt under paragraph (5) shall also be exempt from requirements under— 
(A) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 
703 et seq.); 
(B) the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 
1271 et seq.); and 
(C) the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 
U.S.C. 661 et seq.). 
SEC. 1433. REPORT ON HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AD-
MINISTRATIVE EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 150 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report describing the ad-ministrative expenses of the Federal Highway Administration funded from the Highway Trust Fund during the 3 most recent fiscal years. 
(b) U
PDATES .—Not later than 5 years after the 
date on which the report is submitted under subsection (a) and every 5 years thereafter, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report that updates the information provided in the report under that subsection for the pre-ceding 5-year period. 
(c) I
NCLUSIONS .—Each report submitted under 
subsection (a) or (b) shall include a description of— 
(1) the types of administrative expenses of pro-
grams and offices funded by the Highway Trust Fund; 
(2) the tracking and monitoring of administra-
tive expenses; 
(3) the controls in place to ensure that fund-
ing for administrative expenses is used as effi-ciently as practicable; and 
(4) the flexibility of the Department to reallo-
cate amounts from the Highway Trust Fund be-tween full-time equivalent employees and other functions. 
SEC. 1434. AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
available to the public on the website of the De-partment any report required to be submitted by the Secretary to Congress after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—Each report described in sub-
section (a) shall be made available on the website not later than 30 days after the report is submitted to Congress. 
SEC. 1435. APPALACHIAN DEVELOPMENT HIGH-
WAY SYSTEM. 
Section 1528 of MAP–21 (40 U.S.C. 14501 note; 
Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2021’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘2050’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘shall be 100 percent’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall be up to 100 percent, as determined by the State’’. 
SEC. 1436. APPALACHIAN REGIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) H IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEVELOPMENT  
INITIATIVE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8711 December 1, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 145 
of subtitle IV of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 14509. High-speed broadband deployment 
initiative 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Appalachian Regional 
Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into contracts, or otherwise provide amounts to individuals or entities in the Appalachian region for projects and activities— 
‘‘(1) to increase affordable access to 
broadband networks throughout the Appa-lachian region; 
‘‘(2) to conduct research, analysis, and train-
ing to increase broadband adoption efforts in the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(3) to provide technology assets, including 
computers, smartboards, and video projectors to educational systems throughout the Appa-lachian region; 
‘‘(4) to increase distance learning opportuni-
ties throughout the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(5) to increase the use of telehealth tech-
nologies in the Appalachian region; and 
‘‘(6) to promote e-commerce applications in the 
Appalachian region. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABLE AMOUNTS .—Of 
the cost of any activity eligible for a grant under this section— 
‘‘(1) not more than 50 percent may be provided 
from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of a project to be carried out 
in a county for which a distressed county des-ignation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 80 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a project to be carried out 
in a county for which an at-risk designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 70 percent may be provided from amounts appro-priated to carry out this section. 
‘‘(c) S
OURCES OF ASSISTANCE .—Subject to sub-
section (b), a grant provided under this section may be provided from amounts made available to carry out this section in combination with amounts made available— 
‘‘(1) under any other Federal program; or ‘‘(2) from any other source. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Ap-palachian Regional Commission determines to be appropriate.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 14508 the following: 
‘‘14509. High-speed broadband deployment ini-
tiative.’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 14703 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2020’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT  
INITIATIVE .—Of the amounts made available 
under subsection (a), $10,000,000 may be used to carry out section 14509 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14704 of title 40, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section take effect on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 1437. BORDER STATE INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After consultation with rel-
evant transportation planning organizations, the Governor of a State that shares a land bor-
der with Canada or Mexico may designate for each fiscal year not more than 5 percent of the funds made available to the State under section 133(d)(1)(B) of title 23, United States Code, for border infrastructure projects eligible under sec-tion 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; 119 Stat. 1207). 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Funds designated under 
this section shall be available under the require-ments of section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; 119 Stat. 1207). 
(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Before making a designa-
tion under subsection (a), the Governor shall certify that the designation is consistent with transportation planning requirements under title 23, United States Code. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after making a designation under subsection (a), the Governor shall submit to the relevant trans-portation planning organizations within the border region a written notification of any sub-allocated or distributed amount of funds avail-able for obligation by jurisdiction. 
(e) L
IMITATION .—This section applies only to 
funds apportioned to a State after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(f) D
EADLINE FOR DESIGNATION .—A designa-
tion under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be submitted to the Secretary not later 
than 30 days before the first day of the fiscal year for which the designation is being made; and 
(2) remain in effect for the funds designated 
under subsection (a) for a fiscal year until the Governor of the State notifies the Secretary of the termination of the designation. 
(g) U
NOBLIGATED FUNDS AFTER TERMI-
NATION .—Effective beginning on the date of a 
termination under subsection (f)(2), all remain-ing unobligated funds that were designated under subsection (a) for the fiscal year for which the designation is being terminated shall be made available to the State for the purposes described in section 133(d)(1)(B) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 1438. ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On July 1, 2020, of the unob-
ligated balances of funds apportioned among the States under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, a total of $7,569,000,000 is perma-nently rescinded. 
(b) E
XCLUSIONS FROM RESCISSION .—The re-
scission under subsection (a) shall not apply to funds distributed in accordance with— 
(1) sections 104(b)(3) and 130(f) of title 23, 
United States Code; 
(2) section 133(d)(1)(A) of such title; (3) the first sentence of section 133(d)(3)(A) of 
such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141); 
(4) sections 133(d)(1) and 163 of such title, as 
in effect on the day before the date of enactment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59); and 
(5) section 104(b)(5) of such title, as in effect 
on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141). 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION AMONG STATES .—The 
amount to be rescinded under this section from a State shall be determined by multiplying the total amount of the rescission in subsection (a) by the ratio that— 
(1) the unobligated balances subject to the re-
scission as of September 30, 2019, for the State; bears to 
(2) the unobligated balances subject to the re-
scission as of September 30, 2019, for all States. 
(d) D
ISTRIBUTION WITHIN EACHSTATE.—The 
amount to be rescinded under this section from each program to which the rescission applies within a State shall be determined by multi-plying the required rescission amount calculated under subsection (c) for such State by the ratio that— 
(1) the unobligated balance as of September 
30, 2019, for such program in such State; bears to (2) the unobligated balances as of September 
30, 2019, for all programs to which the rescission applies in such State. 
SEC. 1439. ELIMINATION OF BARRIERS TO IM-
PROVE AT-RISK BRIDGES. 
(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORIZATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Until the Secretary of the 
Interior takes the action described in subsection (b), the take of nesting swallows to facilitate a construction project on a bridge eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, with any component condition rating of 3 or less (as defined by the National Bridge Inventory Gen-eral Condition Guidance issued by the Federal Highway Administration) is authorized under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.) between April 1 and August 31. 
(2) M
EASURES TO MINIMIZE IMPACTS .— 
(A) N OTIFICATION BEFORE TAKING .—Prior to 
the taking of nesting swallows authorized under paragraph (1), any person taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains— 
(i) the name of the person acting under the 
authority of paragraph (1) to take nesting swal-lows; 
(ii) a list of practicable measures that will be 
undertaken to minimize or mitigate significant adverse impacts on the population of that spe-cies; 
(iii) the time period during which activities 
will be carried out that will result in the taking of that species; and 
(iv) an estimate of the number of birds, by spe-
cies, to be taken in the proposed action. 
(B) N
OTIFICATION AFTER TAKING .—Not later 
than 60 days after the taking of nesting swal-lows authorized under paragraph (1), any per-son taking that action shall submit to the Sec-retary of the Interior a document that contains the number of birds, by species, taken in the ac-tion. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF TAKE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in consultation with the Secretary, shall promulgate a regulation under the authority of section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) authorizing the take of nesting swal-lows to facilitate bridge repair, maintenance, or construction— 
(A) without individual permit requirements; 
and 
(B) under terms and conditions determined to 
be consistent with treaties relating to migratory birds that protect swallow species occurring in the United States. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—On the effective date of a 
final rule under this subsection by the Secretary of the Interior, subsection (a) shall have no force or effect. 
(c) S
USPENSION OR WITHDRAWAL OF TAKEAU-
THORIZATION .—If the Secretary of the Interior, 
in consultation with the Secretary, determines that taking of nesting swallows carried out under the authority provided in subsection (a)(1) is having a significant adverse impact on swallow populations, the Secretary of the Inte-rior may suspend that authority through publi-cation in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 1440. AT-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT AU-
THORITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PRELIMINARY ENGINEER -
ING.—In this section, the term ‘‘preliminary en-
gineering’’ means allowable preconstruction project development and engineering costs. 
(b) A
T-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—A recipient or subrecipient of Federal-aid 
funds under title 23, United States Code, may— 
(1) incur preliminary engineering costs for an 
eligible project under title 23, United States Code, before receiving project authorization from the State, in the case of a subrecipient, and the Secretary to proceed with the project; and 
(2) request reimbursement of applicable Fed-
eral funds after the project authorization is re-ceived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8712 December 1, 2015 
(c) E LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may reim-
burse preliminary engineering costs incurred by a recipient or subrecipient under subsection (b)— 
(1) if the costs meet all applicable require-
ments under title 23, United States Code, at the time the costs are incurred and the Secretary concurs that the requirements have been met; 
(2) in the case of a project located within a 
designated nonattainment or maintenance area for air quality, if the conformity requirements of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) have been met; and 
(3) if the costs would have been allowable if 
incurred after the date of the project authoriza-tion by the Department. 
(d) A
T-RISK.—A recipient or subrecipient that 
elects to use the authority provided under this section shall— 
(1) assume all risk for preliminary engineering 
costs incurred prior to project authorization; and 
(2) be responsible for ensuring and dem-
onstrating to the Secretary that all applicable cost eligibility conditions are met after the au-thorization is received. 
(e) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Nothing in this section— 
(1) allows a recipient or subrecipient to use 
the authority under this section to advance a project beyond preliminary engineering prior to the completion of the environmental review process; 
(2) waives the applicability of Federal require-
ments to a project other than the reimbursement of preliminary engineering costs incurred prior to an authorization to proceed in accordance with this section; or 
(3) guarantees Federal funding of the project 
or the eligibility of the project for future Fed-eral-aid highway funding. 
SEC. 1441. REGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACCEL-
ERATOR DEMONSTRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a regional infrastructure demonstration program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘pro-gram’’) to assist entities in developing improved infrastructure priorities and financing strategies for the accelerated development of a project that is eligible for funding under the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION OF REGIONAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCELERATORS .—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Secretary may designate regional in-frastructure accelerators that will— 
(1) serve a defined geographic area; and (2) act as a resource in the geographic area to 
qualified entities in accordance with this sec-tion. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a designa-
tion under subsection (b), a proposed regional infrastructure accelerator shall submit to the Secretary a proposal at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
(d) C
RITERIA .—In evaluating a proposal sub-
mitted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) the need for geographic diversity among 
regional infrastructure accelerators; and 
(2) the ability of the proposal to promote in-
vestment in covered infrastructure projects, which shall include a plan— 
(A) to evaluate and promote innovative fi-
nancing methods for local projects, including the use of the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) to build capacity of State, local, and tribal 
governments to evaluate and structure projects involving the investment of private capital; 
(C) to provide technical assistance and infor-
mation on best practices with respect to financ-ing the projects; 
(D) to increase transparency with respect to 
infrastructure project analysis and using inno-vative financing for public infrastructure projects; 
(E) to deploy predevelopment capital programs 
designed to facilitate the creation of a pipeline of infrastructure projects available for invest-
ment; 
(F) to bundle smaller-scale and rural projects 
into larger proposals that may be more attrac-tive for investment; and 
(G) to reduce transaction costs for public 
project sponsors. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than 
once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes the findings and effectiveness of the program. 
(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $12,000,000, of which the Sec-retary shall use— 
(1) $11,750,000 for initial grants to regional in-
frastructure accelerators under subsection (b); and 
(2) $250,000 for administrative costs of car-
rying out the program. 
SEC. 1442. SAFETY FOR USERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall encour-
age each State and metropolitan planning orga-nization to adopt standards for the design of Federal surface transportation projects that provide for the safe and adequate accommoda-tion (as determined by the State) of all users of the surface transportation network, including motorized and nonmotorized users, in all phases of project planning, development, and oper-ation. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available to the public a report cata-loging examples of State law or State transpor-tation policy that provide for the safe and ade-quate accommodation of all users of the surface transportation network, in all phases of project planning, development, and operation. 
(c) B
ESTPRACTICES .—Based on the report 
under subsection (b), the Secretary shall iden-tify and disseminate examples of best practices where States have adopted measures that have successfully provided for the safe and adequate accommodation of all users of the surface trans-portation network in all phases of project plan-ning, development, and operation. 
SEC. 1443. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the engineer-
ing industry of the United States continues to provide critical technical expertise, innovation, and local knowledge to Federal and State agen-cies in order to efficiently deliver surface trans-portation projects to the public, and Congress recognizes the valuable contributions made by the engineering industry of the United States and urges the Secretary to reinforce those part-nerships by encouraging State and local agen-cies to take full advantage of engineering indus-try capabilities to strengthen project perform-ance, improve domestic competitiveness, and cre-ate jobs. 
SEC. 1444. EVERY DAY COUNTS INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is in the national interest 
for the Department, State departments of trans-portation, and all other recipients of Federal transportation funds— 
(1) to identify, accelerate, and deploy innova-
tion aimed at shortening project delivery, en-hancing the safety of the roadways of the United States, and protecting the environment; 
(2) to ensure that the planning, design, engi-
neering, construction, and financing of trans-portation projects is done in an efficient and ef-fective manner; 
(3) to promote the rapid deployment of proven 
solutions that provide greater accountability for public investments and encourage greater pri-vate sector involvement; and 
(4) to create a culture of innovation within 
the highway community. 
(b) E
VERY DAYCOUNTS INITIATIVE .—To ad-
vance the policy described in subsection (a), the Administrator of the Federal Highway Adminis-tration shall continue the Every Day Counts initiative to work with States, local transpor-tation agencies, and industry stakeholders to identify and deploy proven innovative practices 
and products that— 
(1) accelerate innovation deployment; (2) shorten the project delivery process; (3) improve environmental sustainability; (4) enhance roadway safety; and (5) reduce congestion. (c) I
NNOVATION DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least every 2 years, the 
Administrator shall work collaboratively with stakeholders to identify a new collection of in-novations, best practices, and data to be de-ployed to highway stakeholders through case studies, webinars, and demonstration projects. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In identifying a collec-
tion described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into account market readiness, im-pacts, benefits, and ease of adoption of the in-novation or practice. 
(d) P
UBLICATION .—Each collection identified 
under subsection (c) shall be published by the Administrator on a publicly available Web site. 
SEC. 1445. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE 
AND INNOVATION. 
Section 5028(a) of the Water Resources Reform 
and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3907(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as 
paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively. 
SEC. 1446. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 23.—Title 23, United States Code, is 
amended as follows: 
(1) Section 119(d)(1)(A) is amended by striking 
‘‘mobility,’’ and inserting ‘‘congestion reduc-tion, system reliability,’’. 
(2) Section 126(b)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘133(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘133(d)(1)(A)’’. 
(3) Section 127(a)(3) is amended by striking 
‘‘118(b)(2) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(4) Section 150(b)(5) is amended by striking 
‘‘national freight network’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Highway Freight Network’’. 
(5) Section 150(c)(3)(B) is amended by striking 
the semicolon at the end and inserting a period. 
(6) Section 150(e)(4) is amended by striking 
‘‘National Freight Strategic Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘national freight strategic plan’’. 
(7) Section 153(h)(2) is amended by striking 
‘‘paragraphs (1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (4)’’. 
(8) Section 154(c) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘paragraphs 
(1), (3), and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (4)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘trans-
ferred’’ and inserting ‘‘reserved’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by inserting ‘‘or released’’ after ‘‘transferred’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘under 
section 104(b)(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 104(b)(1)’’. 
(9) Section 163(f)(2) is amended by striking 
‘‘118(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(10) Section 164(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘trans-
ferred’’ and inserting ‘‘reserved’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5) by inserting ‘‘or re-
leased’’ after ‘‘transferred’’. 
(11) Section 165(c)(7) is amended by striking 
‘‘paragraphs (2), (4), (7), (8), (14), and (19) of section 133(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 133(c) and section 133(b)(12)’’. 
(12) Section 202(b)(3) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), in the matter pre-
ceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘(a)(6),’’ after ‘‘subsections’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(IV), by striking 
‘‘(III).]’’ and inserting ‘‘(III).’’. 
(13) Section 217(a) is amended by striking 
‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘104(b)(4)’’. 
(14) Section 515 is amended by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sections 512 through 518’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8713 December 1, 2015 
(b) T ITLE 49.—Section 6302(b)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘6310’’ and inserting ‘‘6309’’. 
(c) SAFETEA–LU.—Section 4407 of 
SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1777) is amended by striking ‘‘hereby enacted into law’’ and inserting ‘‘granted’’. 
(d) MAP–21.—Effective as of July 6, 2012, and 
as if included therein as enacted, MAP–21 (Pub-lic Law 112–141) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 1109(a)(2) (126 Stat. 444) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘fourth’’ and inserting ‘‘fifth’’. 
(2) Section 1203 (126 Stat. 524) is amended— (A) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘Section 150 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows’’ and inserting ‘‘Title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 149 the following’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘by striking 
the item relating to section 150 and inserting’’ and inserting ‘‘by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 149’’. 
(3) Section 1313(a)(1) (126 Stat. 545) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) in the section heading by striking ‘ pilot’; 
and’’. 
(4) Section 1314(b) (126 Stat. 549) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘chapter 3 of’’ after ‘‘anal-
ysis for’’; and 
(B) by inserting a period at the end of the 
matter proposed to be inserted. 
(5) Section 1519(c) (126 Stat. 575) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(12) as paragraphs (3) through (11), respectively; 
(C) in paragraph (7), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (B)— 
(i) by striking the period at the end of the 
matter proposed to be struck; and 
(ii) by adding a period at the end; and (D) in paragraph (8)(A)(i)(I), as redesignated 
by subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘than rail’’ in the matter proposed to be struck and inserting ‘‘than on rail’’. 
(e) T
RANSPORTATION RESEARCH AND INNOVA -
TIVE TECHNOLOGY ACT OF 2012.—Section 
51001(a)(1) of the Transportation Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 864) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 503(b), 503(d), and 509’’ and inserting ‘‘section 503(b)’’. 
TITLE II—INNOVATIVE PROJECT FINANCE 
SEC. 2001. TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 601(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘In this chapter, the’’ and in-
serting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘to sections 601 through 609’’ 
after ‘‘apply’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) capitalizing a rural projects fund.’’; (3) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(4) in paragraph (10)— (A) by striking ‘‘(10) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREE -
MENT .—’’ and all that follows before subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(10) M ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENT .—The term 
‘master credit agreement’ means a conditional agreement to extend credit assistance for a pro-gram of related projects secured by a common security pledge covered under section 602(b)(2)(A) or for a single project covered under section 602(b)(2)(B) that does not provide for a current obligation of Federal funds, and that would—’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘subject 
to the availability of future funds being made available to carry out this chapter;’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subject to— ‘‘(i) the availability of future funds being 
made available to carry out the TIFIA program; and 
‘‘(ii) the satisfaction of all of the conditions 
for the provision of credit assistance under the TIFIA program, including section 603(b)(1);’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as 
clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; 
(ii) by inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) receiving an investment grade rating 
from a rating agency;’’; 
(iii) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated) by 
striking ‘‘in section 602(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘under the TIFIA program, including sections 602(c) and 603(b)(1)’’; and 
(iv) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated) by strik-
ing ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(5) in paragraph (12)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)(iv) by striking the 
period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) a project to improve or construct public 
infrastructure that is located within walking distance of, and accessible to, a fixed guideway transit facility, passenger rail station, intercity bus station, or intermodal facility, including a transportation, public utility, or capital project described in section 5302(3)(G)(v) of title 49, and related infrastructure; and 
‘‘(F) the capitalization of a rural projects 
fund.’’; 
(6) in paragraph (15) by striking ‘‘means’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘means a surface transportation infrastructure project located in an area that is outside of an urbanized area with a population greater than 150,000 individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census.’’; 
(7) by redesignating paragraphs (16), (17), 
(18), (19), and (20) as paragraphs (17), (18), (20), (21), and (22), respectively; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(16) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term ‘rural 
projects fund’ means a fund— 
‘‘(A) established by a State infrastructure 
bank in accordance with section 610(d)(4); 
‘‘(B) capitalized with the proceeds of a se-
cured loan made to the bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603; and 
‘‘(C) for the purpose of making loans to spon-
sors of rural infrastructure projects in accord-ance with section 610.’’; 
(9) by inserting after paragraph (18) (as so re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(19) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANK .—The term 
‘State infrastructure bank’ means an infrastruc-ture bank established under section 610.’’; and 
(10) in paragraph (22) (as so redesignated), by 
inserting ‘‘established under sections 602 through 609’’ after ‘‘Department’’. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY AND  
PROJECT SELECTION .—Section 602 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1) in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking the paragraph heading and in-
serting ‘‘E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COST PARAMETERS .— 
’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘subparagraph (B), to be eligible for assist-ance under this chapter, a project’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B), a project under the TIFIA program’’; 
(II) by striking clause (i) and inserting the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(i) $50,000,000; and’’; and 
(III) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘assistance’’; 
and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking the subparagraph designation 
and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS .— 
In the case’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) T
RANSIT -ORIENTED DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .—In the case of a project described in 
section 601(a)(12)(E), eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000. 
‘‘(iii) R
URAL PROJECTS .—In the case of a rural 
infrastructure project or a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000, but not to exceed $100,000,000. 
‘‘(iv) L
OCAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—Eli-
gible project costs shall be reasonably antici-pated to equal or exceed $10,000,000 in the case of a project or program of projects— 
‘‘(I) in which the applicant is a local govern-
ment, public authority, or instrumentality of local government; 
‘‘(II) located on a facility owned by a local 
government; or 
‘‘(III) for which the Secretary determines that 
a local government is substantially involved in the development of the project.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘To be eligible’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), to be eligible’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and inserting 
‘‘no later than’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the State infrastructure bank shall demonstrate, not later than 2 years after the date on which a se-cured loan is obligated for the project under the TIFIA program, that the bank has executed a loan agreement with a borrower for a rural in-frastructure project in accordance with section 610. After the demonstration is made, the bank may draw upon the secured loan. At the end of the 2-year period, to the extent the bank has not used the loan commitment, the Secretary may extend the term of the loan or withdraw the loan commitment.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by striking paragraph (2) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) P ROGRAM OF RELATED PROJECTS .—The 
Secretary may enter into a master credit agree-ment for a program of related projects secured by a common security pledge on terms accept-able to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) A
DEQUATE FUNDING NOT AVAILABLE .—If 
the Secretary fully obligates funding to eligible projects for a fiscal year and adequate funding is not available to fund a credit instrument, a project sponsor of an eligible project may elect to enter into a master credit agreement and wait to execute a credit instrument until the fiscal year for which additional funds are available to receive credit assistance.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(c) S
ECURED LOANTERMS AND LIMITATIONS .— 
Section 603 of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by striking paragraph (2) 
and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8714 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(2) L IMITATION ON REFINANCING OF INTERIM  
CONSTRUCTION FINANCING .—A loan under para-
graph (1) shall not refinance interim construc-tion financing under paragraph (1)(B)— 
‘‘(A) if the maturity of such interim construc-
tion financing is later than 1 year after the sub-stantial completion of the project; and 
‘‘(B) later than 1 year after the date of sub-
stantial completion of the project.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘The amount of’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the amount of’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the maximum amount of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank shall be determined in accordance with section 602(a)(5)(B)(iii).’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (i) in subclause (III) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in subclause (IV) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(V) in the case of a secured loan for a project 
capitalizing a rural projects fund, any other dedicated revenue sources available to a State infrastructure bank, including repayments from loans made by the bank for rural infrastructure projects; and’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in clause (i) by striking ‘‘under this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘or a rural projects fund under the TIFIA program’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii) by inserting ‘‘and rural 
project funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; 
(ii) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so re-
designated) by striking ‘‘The final’’ and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the final’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the final maturity date of the secured loan shall not exceed 35 years after the date on which the se-cured loan is obligated.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (9)— (i) by striking ‘‘The total Federal assistance 
provided on a project receiving a loan under this chapter’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The total Federal assist-
ance provided for a project receiving a loan under the TIFIA program’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—A project cap-
italizing a rural projects fund shall satisfy sub-paragraph (A) through compliance with the Federal share requirement described in section 610(e)(3)(B).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) S
TREAMLINED APPLICATION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of the FAST Act, the Secretary shall make available an expedited ap-plication process or processes available at the request of entities seeking secured loans under the TIFIA program that use a set or sets of con-ventional terms established pursuant to this sec-tion. 
‘‘(2) T
ERMS .—In establishing the streamlined 
application process required by this subsection, the Secretary may include terms commonly in-cluded in prior credit agreements and allow for an expedited application period, including— 
‘‘(A) the secured loan is in an amount of not 
greater than $100,000,000; 
‘‘(B) the secured loan is secured and payable 
from pledged revenues not affected by project performance, such as a tax-backed revenue 
pledge, tax increment financing, or a system- backed pledge of project revenues; and 
‘‘(C) repayment of the loan commences not 
later than 5 years after disbursement.’’. 
(d) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—Section 605 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) A
SSISTANCE TO SMALL PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds 
made available to carry out the TIFIA program for each fiscal year, and after the set aside under section 608(a)(5), not less than $2,000,000 shall be made available for the Secretary to use in lieu of fees collected under subsection (b) for projects under the TIFIA program having eligi-ble project costs that are reasonably anticipated not to equal or exceed $75,000,000. 
‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—Any funds not used 
under paragraph (1) in a fiscal year shall be made available on October 1 of the following fis-cal year to provide credit assistance to any project under the TIFIA program.’’. 
(e) S
TATE AND LOCAL PERMITS .—Section 606 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 607 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(g) F
UNDING .—Section 608 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘of’’ after 
‘‘504(f)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or rural 
projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
rural projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; 
(C) by striking paragraphs (4) and (6) and re-
designating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4); and 
(D) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the amounts 
made available to carry out the TIFIA program, the Secretary may use not more than $6,875,000 for fiscal year 2016, $7,081,000 for fiscal year 2017, $7,559,000 for fiscal year 2018, $8,195,000 for fiscal year 2019, and $8,441,000 for fiscal year 2020 for the administration of the TIFIA pro-gram.’’. 
(h) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 609 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘this chapter (other than section 610)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’. 
(i) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANKPROGRAM .— 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(11) R
URAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT .—The 
term ‘rural infrastructure project’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 601. 
‘‘(12) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term ‘rural 
projects fund’ has the meaning given the term in section 601.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A) by striking ‘‘each of 
fiscal years’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 under each of paragraphs (1), (2), and (5) of section 104(b); and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 
2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 
2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’; (D) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), respectively; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—Subject to sub-
section (j), the Secretary may permit a State en-tering into a cooperative agreement under this section to establish a State infrastructure bank to deposit into the rural projects fund of the bank the proceeds of a secured loan made to the bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated) by 
striking ‘‘section 133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 133(d)(1)(A)(i)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(e) F
ORMS OF ASSISTANCE FROM STATE IN-
FRASTRUCTURE BANKS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State infrastructure bank 
established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account of the bank, make loans or provide other forms of cred-it assistance to a public or private entity to carry out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or private entity to carry out a rural infrastructure project. 
‘‘(2) S
UBORDINATION OF LOAN .—The amount of 
a loan or other form of credit assistance pro-vided for a project described in paragraph (1) may be subordinated to any other debt financ-ing for the project. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—A 
State infrastructure bank established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account of the bank, make loans or provide other forms of cred-it assistance to a public or private entity in an amount up to 100 percent of the cost of carrying out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or private entity in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of the cost of carrying out a rural infrastructure project. 
‘‘(4) I
NITIAL ASSISTANCE .—Initial assistance 
provided with respect to a project from Federal funds deposited into a State infrastructure bank under this section may not be made in the form of a grant.’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘each ac-
count’’ and inserting ‘‘the highway account, the transit account, and the rail account’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4) by inserting ‘‘, except 
that any loan funded from the rural projects fund of the bank shall bear interest at or below the interest rate charged for the TIFIA loan provided to the bank under section 603’’ after ‘‘feasible’’; and 
(5) in subsection (k) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 
2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. 
SEC. 2002. AVAILABILITY PAYMENT CONCESSION 
MODEL. 
(a) P AYMENT TO STATES FOR CONSTRUCTION .— 
Section 121(a) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including payments made pursuant to a long-term concession agree-ment, such as availability payments)’’ after ‘‘a project’’. 
(b) P
ROJECT APPROVAL AND OVERSIGHT .—Sec-
tion 106(b)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including payments made pursuant to a long-term concession agree-ment, such as availability payments)’’ after ‘‘construction of the project’’. 
TITLE III—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 3001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Public 
Transportation Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8715 December 1, 2015 
SEC. 3002. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 5302 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘func-
tional’’ before ‘‘landscaping and’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘bicycle 
storage facilities and installing equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘bicycle storage shelters and parking facilities and the installation of equipment’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking subparagraph (F) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(F) leasing equipment or a facility for use in 
public transportation;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (G)— (i) in clause (iv) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (v) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
and 
(iii) by striking clause (vi); (C) by striking subparagraph (I) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(I) the provision of nonfixed route para-
transit transportation services in accordance with section 223 of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12143), but only for grant recipients that are in compliance with ap-plicable requirements of that Act, including both fixed route and demand responsive service, and only for amounts— 
‘‘(i) not to exceed 10 percent of such recipi-
ent’s annual formula apportionment under sec-tions 5307 and 5311; or 
‘‘(ii) not to exceed 20 percent of such recipi-
ent’s annual formula apportionment under sec-tions 5307 and 5311, if, consistent with guidance issued by the Secretary, the recipient dem-onstrates that the recipient meets at least 2 of the following requirements: 
‘‘(I) Provides an active fixed route travel 
training program that is available for riders with disabilities. 
‘‘(II) Provides that all fixed route and para-
transit operators participate in a passenger safety, disability awareness, and sensitivity training class on at least a biennial basis. 
‘‘(III) Has memoranda of understanding in 
place with employers and the American Job Cen-ter to increase access to employment opportuni-ties for people with disabilities.’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (K) by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(E) in subparagraph (L) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) associated transit improvements; or ‘‘(N) technological changes or innovations to 
modify low or no emission vehicles (as defined in section 5339(c)) or facilities.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(24) V
ALUE CAPTURE .—The term ‘value cap-
ture’ means recovering the increased property value to property located near public transpor-tation resulting from investments in public transportation.’’. 
SEC. 3003. METROPOLITAN AND STATEWIDE 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5303 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1) by inserting ‘‘resilient’’ 
after ‘‘development of’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bi-cycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus fa-cilities and commuter vanpool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection of 
officials or representatives under paragraph (2) shall be determined by the metropolitan plan-ning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organization. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling statute 
of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transpor-tation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An offi-
cial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have re-sponsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensurate with other officials described in paragraph (2).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A) by inserting ‘‘tour-
ism, natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘eco-nomic development,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)(1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (H) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resiliency and reliability of 
the transportation system.’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i) by striking ‘‘tran-
sit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transportation facili-ties, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, and reduce the vulnerability of the existing transportation infrastructure to natural disasters’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (H) by inserting before 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and oper-ated’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before ‘‘freight 
shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators, employer-based commuting programs, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out pro-gram, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)(C)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(E)’’; 
(8) in subsection (k)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘(in-
cluding intercity bus operators, employer-based commuting programs, such as a carpool pro-gram, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out program, shuttle program, or telework program), job access projects,’’ after ‘‘reduction’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONGESTION MANAGEMENT PLAN .—A met-
ropolitan planning organization serving a trans-portation management area may develop a plan that includes projects and strategies that will be considered in the TIP of such metropolitan planning organization. Such plan shall— 
‘‘(i) develop regional goals to reduce vehicle 
miles traveled during peak commuting hours and improve transportation connections between areas with high job concentration and areas with high concentrations of low-income house-holds; 
‘‘(ii) identify existing public transportation 
services, employer-based commuter programs, and other existing transportation services that support access to jobs in the region; and 
‘‘(iii) identify proposed projects and programs 
to reduce congestion and increase job access op-portunities. ‘‘(D) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the plan 
under subparagraph (C), a metropolitan plan-ning organization shall consult with employers, private and non-profit providers of public trans-portation, transportation management organiza-tions, and organizations that provide job access reverse commute projects or job-related services to low-income individuals.’’; 
(9) in subsection (l)— (A) by adding a period at the end of para-
graph (1); and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D) by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; 
(10) in subsection (p) by striking ‘‘Funds set 
aside under section 104(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘Funds apportioned under section 104(b)(5)’’; and 
(11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(r) B
I-STATE METROPOLITAN PLANNING OR-
GANIZATION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF BI -STATE MPO REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Bi-State Metropolitan Planning Organization’ has the meaning given the term ‘region’ in subsection (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Regional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For the purpose of this 
title, the Bi-State Metropolitan Planning Orga-nization shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area under 
subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised of 
a population of 145,000 in the State of California and a population of 65,000 in the State of Ne-vada.’’. 
(b) S
TATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN TRANS-
PORTATION PLANNING .—Section 5304 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘and bicy-
cle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bi-cycle transportation facilities, and intermodal facilities that support intercity transportation, including intercity buses and intercity bus fa-cilities and commuter vanpool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resiliency and reliability of 
the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B)(ii) by striking ‘‘ur-
banized’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘urban-
ized’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)(3)(A)(ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers,’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus op-
erators, employer-based commuting programs, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cash-out pro-gram, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’. 
SEC. 3004. URBANIZED AREA FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘or demand 
response service, excluding ADA complementary paratransit service,’’ before ‘‘during’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO THE SPECIAL RULE .—Not-
withstanding paragraph (2), if a public trans-portation system described in such paragraph executes a written agreement with 1 or more other public transportation systems within the urbanized area to allocate funds for the pur-poses described in the paragraph by a method other than by measuring vehicle revenue hours, each public transportation system that is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8716 December 1, 2015 
party to the written agreement may follow the 
terms of the written agreement without regard to measured vehicle revenue hours referred to in the paragraph.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in ac-
cordance with the recipient’s transit asset man-agement plan’’ after ‘‘equipment and facilities’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘Cen-
sus—’’ and all that follows through clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘Census, will sub-mit an annual report listing projects carried out in the preceding fiscal year under this section for associated transit improvements as defined in section 5302; and’’. 
SEC. 3005. FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL INVEST-
MENT GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5309 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and week-
end days’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, small 
start projects,’’ after ‘‘new fixed guideway cap-ital projects’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) 2 or more projects that are any combina-
tion of new fixed guideway capital projects, small start projects, and core capacity improve-ment projects.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$250,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B) by striking ‘‘, policies 
and land use patterns that promote public transportation,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) in clause (iii) by adding ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(ii) by striking clause (iv); and (iii) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv); (3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘the 
policies and land use patterns that support pub-lic transportation,’’; 
(4) in subsection (h)(6)— (A) by striking ‘‘In carrying out’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) O
PTIONAL EARLY RATING .—At the request 
of the project sponsor, the Secretary shall evalu-ate and rate the project in accordance with paragraphs (4) and (5) and subparagraph (A) of this paragraph upon completion of the analysis required under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; 
(5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘subsection 
(d) or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d), (e), or (h)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by inserting ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project or core capacity improvement’’ after ‘‘federally funded’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(D) the program of interrelated projects, 
when evaluated as a whole— 
‘‘(i) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2), subsection (e)(2), or paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (h), as applicable, if the pro-gram is comprised entirely of— 
‘‘(I) new fixed guideway capital projects; ‘‘(II) core capacity improvement projects; or ‘‘(III) small start projects; or ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2) if the program is comprised of any com-bination of new fixed guideway capital projects, small start projects, and core capacity improve-ment projects;’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or 
subsection (h)(5), as applicable’’ after ‘‘sub-section (f)’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3)(A) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—A project re-
ceiving a grant under this section that is part of a program of interrelated projects may not ad-vance— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a small start project, from 
the project development phase to the construc-tion phase unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a new fixed guideway cap-
ital project or a core capacity improvement project, from the project development phase to the engineering phase, or from the engineering phase to the construction phase, unless the Sec-retary determines that the program of inter-related projects meets the applicable require-ments of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements.’’; 
(6) in subsection (l)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) E STIMATION OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—Based on engineering studies, studies of 
economic feasibility, and information on the ex-pected use of equipment or facilities, the Sec-retary shall estimate the net capital project cost. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(i) G RANT FOR NEW FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL  
PROJECT .—A grant for a new fixed guideway 
capital project shall not exceed 80 percent of the net capital project cost. 
‘‘(ii) F
ULL FUNDING GRANT AGREEMENT FOR  
NEW FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL PROJECT .—A full 
funding grant agreement for a new fixed guide-way capital project shall not include a share of more than 60 percent from the funds made avail-able under this section. 
‘‘(iii) G
RANT FOR CORE CAPACITY IMPROVE -
MENT PROJECT .—A grant for a core capacity im-
provement project shall not exceed 80 percent of the net capital project cost of the incremental cost to increase the capacity in the corridor 
‘‘(iv) G
RANT FOR SMALL START PROJECT .—. A 
grant for a small start project shall not exceed 80 percent of the net capital project costs.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of the 
net capital project costs shall be provided— 
‘‘(A) in cash from non-Government sources; 
‘‘(B) from revenues from the sale of adver-
tising and concessions; or 
‘‘(C) from an undistributed cash surplus, a re-
placement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital.’’; 
(7) by striking subsection (n) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(n) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An amount made available 
or appropriated for a new fixed guideway cap-ital project or core capacity improvement project shall remain available to that project for 4 fiscal years, including the fiscal year in which the amount is made available or appropriated. Any amounts that are unobligated to the project at the end of the 4-fiscal-year period may be used by the Secretary for any purpose under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF DEOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—An 
amount available under this section that is deobligated may be used for any purpose under this section.’’; and 
(8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) S
PECIAL RULE.—For the purposes of cal-
culating the cost effectiveness of a project de-scribed in subsection (d) or (e), the Secretary shall not reduce or eliminate the capital costs of art and non-functional landscaping elements from the annualized capital cost calculation. 
‘‘(q) J
OINT PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION AND  
INTERCITY PASSENGER RAILPROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants for new fixed guideway capital projects and core capacity improvement projects that 
provide both public transportation and intercity passenger rail service. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE COSTS .—Eligible costs for a 
project under this subsection shall be limited to the net capital costs of the public transportation costs attributable to the project based on pro-jected use of the new segment or expanded ca-pacity of the project corridor, not including project elements designed to achieve or maintain a state of good repair, as determined by the Sec-retary under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(3) P
ROJECT JUSTIFICATION AND LOCAL FINAN -
CIAL COMMITMENT .—A project under this sub-
section shall be evaluated for project justifica-tion and local financial commitment under sub-sections (d), (e), (f), and (h), as applicable to the project, based on— 
‘‘(A) the net capital costs of the public trans-
portation costs attributable to the project as de-termined under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(B) the share of funds dedicated to the 
project from sources other than this section in-cluded in the unified finance plan for the project. 
‘‘(4) C
ALCULATION OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The Secretary shall estimate the net cap-
ital costs of a project under this subsection based on— 
‘‘(A) engineering studies; ‘‘(B) studies of economic feasibility; ‘‘(C) the expected use of equipment or facili-
ties; and 
‘‘(D) the public transportation costs attrib-
utable to the project. 
‘‘(5) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
‘‘(A) G OVERNMENT SHARE .—The Government 
share shall not exceed 80 percent of the net cap-ital cost attributable to the public transpor-tation costs of a project under this subsection as determined under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The remain-
der of the net capital cost attributable to the public transportation costs of a project under this subsection shall be provided from an undis-tributed cash surplus, a replacement or depre-ciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital.’’. 
(b) E
XPEDITED PROJECT DELIVERY FOR CAP-
ITALINVESTMENT GRANTS PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions shall apply: 
(A) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘‘applicant’’ means 
a State or local governmental authority that ap-plies for a grant under this subsection. 
(B) C
APITAL PROJECT ; FIXED GUIDEWAY ; LOCAL  
GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY ; PUBLIC TRANSPOR -
TATION ; STATE ; STATE OF GOOD REPAIR .—The 
terms ‘‘capital project’’, ‘‘fixed guideway’’, ‘‘local governmental authority’’, ‘‘public trans-portation’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘state of good repair’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code. 
(C) C
ORE CAPACITY IMPROVEMENT PROJECT .— 
The term ‘‘core capacity improvement project’’— 
(i) means a substantial corridor-based capital 
investment in an existing fixed guideway system that increases the capacity of a corridor by not less than 10 percent; and 
(ii) may include project elements designed to 
aid the existing fixed guideway system in mak-ing substantial progress towards achieving a state of good repair. 
(D) C
ORRIDOR -BASED BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘corridor-based bus rapid 
transit project’’ means a small start project uti-lizing buses in which the project represents a substantial investment in a defined corridor as demonstrated by features that emulate the serv-ices provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems— 
(i) including— (I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public transpor-
tation vehicles; 
(III) short headway bidirectional services for 
a substantial part of weekdays; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may de-
termine support a long-term corridor investment; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8717 December 1, 2015 
(ii) the majority of which does not operate in 
a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak periods. 
(E) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .—The term ‘‘eligible 
project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a small start project, or a core capacity improvement project that has not entered into a full funding grant agreement with the Federal Transit Administration before the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(F) F
IXED GUIDEWAY BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘fixed guideway bus rapid 
transit project’’ means a bus capital project— 
(i) in which the majority of the project oper-
ates in a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak periods; 
(ii) that represents a substantial investment in 
a single route in a defined corridor or subarea; and 
(iii) that includes features that emulate the 
services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public transpor-
tation vehicles; 
(III) short headway bidirectional services for 
a substantial part of weekdays and weekend days; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may de-
termine are necessary to produce high-quality public transportation services that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems. 
(G) N
EW FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL PROJECT .— 
The term ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project’’ means— 
(i) a fixed guideway capital project that is a 
minimum operable segment or extension to an existing fixed guideway system; or 
(ii) a fixed guideway bus rapid transit project 
that is a minimum operable segment or an exten-sion to an existing bus rapid transit system. 
(H) R
ECIPIENT .—The term ‘‘recipient’’ means 
a recipient of funding under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(I) S
MALL START PROJECT .—The term ‘‘small 
start project’’ means a new fixed guideway cap-ital project, a fixed guideway bus rapid transit project, or a corridor-based bus rapid transit project for which— 
(i) the Federal assistance provided or to be 
provided under this subsection is less than $75,000,000; and 
(ii) the total estimated net capital cost is less 
than $300,000,000. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants under this subsection to States and local governmental authorities to assist in fi-nancing— 
(A) new fixed guideway capital projects or 
small start projects, including the acquisition of real property, the initial acquisition of rolling stock for the system, the acquisition of rights-of- way, and relocation, for projects in the ad-vanced stages of planning and design; and 
(B) core capacity improvement projects, in-
cluding the acquisition of real property, the ac-quisition of rights-of-way, double tracking, sig-nalization improvements, electrification, ex-panding system platforms, acquisition of rolling stock associated with corridor improvements in-creasing capacity, construction of infill stations, and such other capacity improvement projects as the Secretary determines are appropriate to increase the capacity of an existing fixed guide-way system corridor by not less than 10 percent. Core capacity improvement projects do not in-clude elements to improve general station facili-ties or parking, or acquisition of rolling stock alone. 
(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make not 
more than 8 grants under this subsection for eli-gible projects if the Secretary determines that— 
(i) the eligible project is part of an approved 
transportation plan required under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; 
(ii) the applicant has, or will have— (I) the legal, financial, and technical capacity 
to carry out the eligible project, including the safety and security aspects of the eligible project; 
(II) satisfactory continuing control over the 
use of the equipment or facilities; 
(III) the technical and financial capacity to 
maintain new and existing equipment and facili-ties; and 
(IV) advisors providing guidance to the appli-
cant on the terms and structure of the project that are independent from investors in the project; 
(iii) the eligible project is supported, or will be 
supported, in part, through a public-private partnership, provided such support is deter-mined by local policies, criteria, and decision-making under section 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(iv) the eligible project is justified based on 
findings presented by the project sponsor to the Secretary, including— 
(I) mobility improvements attributable to the 
project; 
(II) environmental benefits associated with 
the project; 
(III) congestion relief associated with the 
project; 
(IV) economic development effects derived as a 
result of the project; and 
(V) estimated ridership projections; (v) the eligible project is supported by an ac-
ceptable degree of local financial commitment (including evidence of stable and dependable fi-nancing sources); and 
(vi) the eligible project will be operated and 
maintained by employees of an existing provider of fixed guideway or bus rapid transit public transportation in the service area of the project, or if none exists, by employees of an existing public transportation provider in the service area. 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—An applicant that has 
submitted the certifications required under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), (C), and (H) of section 5307(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall be deemed to have provided sufficient information upon which the Secretary may make the deter-minations required under this paragraph. 
(C) T
ECHNICAL CAPACITY .—The Secretary shall 
use an expedited technical capacity review proc-ess for applicants that have recently and suc-cessfully completed not less than 1 new fixed guideway capital project, small start project, or core capacity improvement project, if— 
(i) the applicant achieved budget, cost, and 
ridership outcomes for the project that are con-sistent with or better than projections; and 
(ii) the applicant demonstrates that the appli-
cant continues to have the staff expertise and other resources necessary to implement a new project. 
(D) F
INANCIAL COMMITMENT .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENTS .—In determining whether 
an eligible project is supported by an acceptable degree of local financial commitment and shows evidence of stable and dependable financing sources for purposes of subparagraph (A)(v), the Secretary shall require that— 
(I) each proposed source of capital and oper-
ating financing is stable, reliable, and available within the proposed eligible project timetable; and 
(II) resources are available to recapitalize, 
maintain, and operate the overall existing and proposed public transportation system, includ-ing essential feeder bus and other services nec-essary, without degradation to the existing level of public transportation services. 
(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In assessing the sta-
bility, reliability, and availability of proposed sources of financing under clause (i), the Sec-retary shall consider— 
(I) the reliability of the forecasting methods 
used to estimate costs and revenues made by the applicant and the contractors to the applicant; 
(II) existing grant commitments; (III) the degree to which financing sources are 
dedicated to the proposed eligible project; (IV) any debt obligation that exists or is pro-
posed by the applicant, for the proposed eligible project or other public transportation purpose; and 
(V) private contributions to the eligible 
project, including cost-effective project delivery, management or transfer of project risks, expe-dited project schedule, financial partnering, and other public-private partnership strategies. 
(E) L
ABOR STANDARDS .—The requirements 
under section 5333 of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to each recipient of a grant under this subsection. 
(4) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—An applicant 
that desires a grant under this subsection and meets the requirements of paragraph (3) shall submit to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall approve for advancement, a grant request that contains— 
(A) identification of an eligible project; (B) a schedule and finance plan for the con-
struction and operation of the eligible project; 
(C) an analysis of the efficiencies of the pro-
posed eligible project development and delivery methods and innovative financing arrangement for the eligible project, including any documents related to the— 
(i) public-private partnership required under 
paragraph (3)(A)(iii); and 
(ii) project justification required under para-
graph (3)(A)(iv); and 
(D) a certification that the existing public 
transportation system of the applicant or, in the event that the applicant does not operate a pub-lic transportation system, the public transpor-tation system to which the proposed project will be attached, is in a state of good repair. 
(5) W
RITTEN NOTICE FROM THE SECRETARY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date on which the Secretary receives a grant request of an applicant under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall provide written notice to the applicant— 
(i) of approval of the grant request; or (ii) if the grant request does not meet the re-
quirements under paragraph (4), of disapproval of the grant request, including a detailed expla-nation of the reasons for the disapproval. 
(B) C
ONCURRENT NOTICE .—The Secretary shall 
provide concurrent notice of an approval or dis-approval of a grant request under subparagraph (A) to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(6) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may grant a 
waiver to an applicant that does not comply with paragraph (4)(D) if— 
(A) the eligible project meets the definition of 
a core capacity improvement project; and 
(B) the Secretary certifies that the eligible 
project will allow the applicant to make sub-
stantial progress in achieving a state of good re-pair. 
(7) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary may 
enter into a full funding grant agreement with an applicant under this subsection for an eligi-ble project for which an application has been submitted and approved for advancement by the Secretary under paragraph (4), only if the ap-plicant has completed the planning and activi-ties required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(8) L
ETTERS OF INTENT AND FULL FUNDING  
GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(A) L ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
(i) A MOUNTS INTENDED TO BE OBLIGATED .— 
The Secretary may issue a letter of intent to an applicant announcing an intention to obligate, for an eligible project under this subsection, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the eligible project. When a letter is issued for an eligible project under this subsection, the amount shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
(ii) T
REATMENT .—The issuance of a letter 
under clause (i) is deemed not to be an obliga-tion under section 1108(c), 1501, or 1502(a) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8718 December 1, 2015 
title 31, United States Code, or an administra-
tive commitment. 
(B) F ULL FUNDING GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause 
(v), an eligible project shall be carried out under this subsection through a full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall enter into 
a full funding grant agreement, based on the re-quirements of this subparagraph, with each ap-plicant receiving assistance for an eligible project that has received a written notice of ap-proval under paragraph (5)(A)(i). 
(iii) T
ERMS .—A full funding grant agreement 
shall— 
(I) establish the terms of participation by the 
Federal Government in the eligible project; 
(II) establish the maximum amount of Federal 
financial assistance for the eligible project; 
(III) include the period of time for completing 
construction of the eligible project, consistent with the terms of the public-private partnership agreement, even if that period extends beyond the period of an authorization; and 
(IV) make timely and efficient management of 
the eligible project easier according to the law of the United States. 
(iv) S
PECIAL FINANCIAL RULES .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—A full funding grant agree-
ment under this subparagraph obligates an amount of available budget authority specified in law and may include a commitment, contin-gent on amounts to be specified in law in ad-vance for commitments under this subpara-graph, to obligate an additional amount from future available budget authority specified in law. 
(II) S
TATEMENT OF CONTINGENT COMMIT -
MENT .—A full funding grant agreement shall 
state that the contingent commitment is not an obligation of the Federal Government. 
(III) I
NTEREST AND OTHER FINANCING COSTS .— 
Interest and other financing costs of efficiently carrying out a part of the eligible project within a reasonable time are a cost of carrying out the eligible project under a full funding grant agree-ment, except that eligible costs may not be more than the cost of the most favorable financing terms reasonably available for the eligible project at the time of borrowing. The applicant shall certify, in a way satisfactory to the Sec-retary, that the applicant has shown reasonable diligence in seeking the most favorable financ-ing terms. 
(IV) C
OMPLETION OF OPERABLE SEGMENT .— 
The amount stipulated in an agreement under this subparagraph for a new fixed guideway capital project, core capacity improvement project, or small start project shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
(v) E
XCEPTION .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, to the max-
imum extent practicable, shall provide Federal assistance under this subsection for a small start project in a single grant. If the Secretary cannot provide such a single grant, the Secretary may execute an expedited grant agreement in order to include a commitment on the part of the Sec-retary to provide funding for the project in fu-ture fiscal years. 
(II) T
ERMS OF EXPEDITED GRANT AGREE -
MENTS .—In executing an expedited grant agree-
ment under this clause, the Secretary may in-clude in the agreement terms similar to those es-tablished under clause (iii). 
(C) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into 
full funding grant agreements under this para-graph for eligible projects that contain contin-gent commitments to incur obligations in such amounts as the Secretary determines are appro-priate. 
(ii) A
PPROPRIATION REQUIRED .—An obligation 
may be made under this paragraph only when amounts are appropriated for obligation. 
(D) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days before 
the date on which the Secretary issues a letter of intent or enters into a full funding grant 
agreement for an eligible project under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify, in writ-ing, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives of the proposed letter of intent or full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—The written notification 
under clause (i) shall include a copy of the pro-posed letter of intent or full funding grant agreement for the eligible project. 
(9) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant for an eligible 
project shall not exceed 25 percent of the net capital project cost. 
(B) R
EMAINDER OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The remainder of the net capital project 
cost shall be provided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital. 
(C) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this subsection shall be con-
strued as authorizing the Secretary to require a non-Federal financial commitment for a project that is more than 75 percent of the net capital project cost. 
(D) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ROLLING STOCK  
COSTS .—In addition to amounts allowed pursu-
ant to subparagraph (A), a planned extension to a fixed guideway system may include the cost of rolling stock previously purchased if the appli-cant satisfies the Secretary that only amounts other than amounts provided by the Federal Government were used and that the purchase was made for use on the extension. A refund or reduction of the remainder may be made only if a refund of a proportional amount of the grant of the Federal Government is made at the same time. 
(E) F
AILURE TO CARRY OUT PROJECT .—If an 
applicant does not carry out an eligible project for reasons within the control of the applicant, the applicant shall repay all Federal funds awarded for the eligible project from all Federal funding sources, for all eligible project activi-ties, facilities, and equipment, plus reasonable interest and penalty charges allowable by law. 
(F) C
REDITING OF FUNDS RECEIVED .—Any 
funds received by the Federal Government under this paragraph, other than interest and penalty charges, shall be credited to the appro-priation account from which the funds were originally derived. 
(10) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An amount made available 
for an eligible project shall remain available to that eligible project for 4 fiscal years, including the fiscal year in which the amount is made available. Any amounts that are unobligated to the eligible project at the end of the 4-fiscal-year period may be used by the Secretary for any purpose under this subsection. 
(B) U
SE OF DEOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—An 
amount available under this subsection that is deobligated may be used for any purpose under this subsection. 
(11) A
NNUAL REPORT ON EXPEDITED PROJECT  
DELIVERY FOR CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .— 
Not later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that includes a proposed amount to be available to finance grants for anticipated projects under this subsection. 
(12) B
EFORE AND AFTER STUDY AND REPORT .— 
(A) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Each recipient shall 
conduct a study that— 
(i) describes and analyzes the impacts of the 
eligible project on public transportation services and public transportation ridership; (ii) describes and analyzes the consistency of 
predicted and actual benefits and costs of the innovative project development and delivery methods or innovative financing for the eligible project; and 
(iii) identifies reasons for any differences be-
tween predicted and actual outcomes for the eli-gible project. 
(B) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Not later than 2 
years after an eligible project that is selected under this subsection begins revenue operations, the recipient shall submit to the Secretary a re-port on the results of the study conducted under subparagraph (A). 
(13) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to— 
(A) require the privatization of the operation 
or maintenance of any project for which an ap-plicant seeks funding under this subsection; 
(B) revise the determinations by local policies, 
criteria, and decisionmaking under section 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(C) alter the requirements for locally devel-
oped, coordinated, and implemented transpor-tation plans under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(D) alter the eligibilities or priorities for assist-
ance under this subsection or section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 3006. ENHANCED MOBILITY OF SENIORS AND 
INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5310 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (1) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) R ECIPIENT .—The term ‘recipient’ means— 
‘‘(A) a designated recipient or a State that re-
ceives a grant under this section directly; or 
‘‘(B) a State or local governmental entity that 
operates a public transportation service.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall 
collect from, review, and disseminate to public transportation agencies— 
‘‘(1) innovative practices; ‘‘(2) program models; ‘‘(3) new service delivery options; ‘‘(4) findings from activities under subsection 
(h); and 
‘‘(5) transit cooperative research program re-
ports.’’. 
(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR INNOVATIVE COORDI -
NATED ACCESS AND MOBILITY .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘eligible project’’ has the mean-
ing given the term ‘‘capital project’’ in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) the term ‘‘eligible recipient’’ means a re-
cipient or subrecipient, as those terms are de-fined in section 5310 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants under this subsection to eligible re-cipients to assist in financing innovative projects for the transportation disadvantaged that improve the coordination of transportation services and nonemergency medical transpor-tation services, including— 
(A) the deployment of coordination tech-
nology; 
(B) projects that create or increase access to 
community One-Call/One-Click Centers; and 
(C) such other projects as determined appro-
priate by the Secretary. 
(3) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible recipient shall 
submit to the Secretary an application that, at a minimum, contains— 
(A) a detailed description of the eligible 
project; 
(B) an identification of all eligible project 
partners and their specific role in the eligible project, including— 
(i) private entities engaged in the coordination 
of nonemergency medical transportation services for the transportation disadvantaged; or 
(ii) nonprofit entities engaged in the coordina-
tion of nonemergency medical transportation services for the transportation disadvantaged; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8719 December 1, 2015 
(C) a description of how the eligible project 
would— 
(i) improve local coordination or access to co-
ordinated transportation services; 
(ii) reduce duplication of service, if applicable; 
and 
(iii) provide innovative solutions in the State 
or community; and 
(D) specific performance measures the eligible 
project will use to quantify actual outcomes against expected outcomes. 
(4) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall make pub-
licly available an annual report on the pilot program carried out under this subsection for each fiscal year, not later than December 31 of the calendar year in which that fiscal year ends. The report shall include a detailed de-scription of the activities carried out under the pilot program, and an evaluation of the pro-gram, including an evaluation of the perform-ance measures described in paragraph (3)(D). 
(5) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Government share of 
the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The non-Gov-
ernment share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be derived from in-kind contributions. 
(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of 
this subsection, nonemergency medical transpor-tation services shall be limited to services eligible under Federal programs other than programs authorized under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) C
OORDINATED MOBILITY .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(A) A LLOCATED COST MODEL .—The term ‘‘allo-
cated cost model’’ means a method of deter-mining the cost of trips by allocating the cost to each trip purpose served by a transportation provider in a manner that is proportional to the level of transportation service that the transpor-tation provider delivers for each trip purpose, to the extent permitted by applicable Federal laws. 
(B) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the 
Interagency Transportation Coordinating Coun-cil on Access and Mobility established under Ex-ecutive Order No. 13330 (49 U.S.C. 101 note). 
(2) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall publish a strategic plan for the Council that— 
(A) outlines the role and responsibilities of 
each Federal agency with respect to local trans-portation coordination, including nonemergency medical transportation; 
(B) identifies a strategy to strengthen inter-
agency collaboration; 
(C) addresses any outstanding recommenda-
tions made by the Council in the 2005 Report to the President relating to the implementation of Executive Order No. 13330, including— 
(i) a cost-sharing policy endorsed by the 
Council; and 
(ii) recommendations to increase participation 
by recipients of Federal grants in locally devel-oped, coordinated planning processes; 
(D) to the extent feasible, addresses rec-
ommendations by the Comptroller General con-cerning local coordination of transportation services; 
(E) examines and proposes changes to Federal 
regulations that will eliminate Federal barriers to local transportation coordination, including non-emergency medical transportation; and 
(F) recommends to Congress changes to Fed-
eral laws, including chapter 7 of title 42, United States Code, that will eliminate Federal barriers to local transportation coordination, including nonemergency medical transportation. 
(3) D
EVELOPMENT OF COST -SHARING POLICY IN  
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAWS .— 
In establishing the cost-sharing policy required under paragraph (2), the Council may consider, to the extent practicable— 
(A) the development of recommended strate-
gies for grantees of programs funded by members of the Council, including strategies for grantees 
of programs that fund nonemergency medical transportation, to use the cost-sharing policy in a manner that does not violate applicable Fed-eral laws; and 
(B) incorporation of an allocated cost model to 
facilitate local coordination efforts that comply with applicable requirements of programs fund-ed by members of the Council, such as— 
(i) eligibility requirements; (ii) service delivery requirements; and (iii) reimbursement requirements. (4) R
EPORT .—The Council shall, concurrently 
with submission to the President of a report con-taining final recommendations of the Council, transmit such report to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 3007. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5311 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) $5,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
distributed on a competitive basis by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(B) $30,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
apportioned as formula grants, as provided in subsection (j).’’; 
(2) in subsection (g)(3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (F), respectively; 
(B) by inserting before subparagraph (C) (as 
so redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(A) may be provided in cash from non-Gov-
ernment sources; 
‘‘(B) may be provided from revenues from the 
sale of advertising and concessions;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (F) (as so redesignated) 
by inserting ‘‘, including all operating and cap-ital costs of such service whether or not offset by revenue from such service,’’ after ‘‘the costs of a private operator for the unsubsidized seg-ment of intercity bus service’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘(as 
defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(American Indian Areas, Alaska Native Areas, and Hawaiian Home Lands, as defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) A
LLOCATION BETWEEN MULTIPLE INDIAN  
TRIBES .—If more than 1 Indian tribe provides 
public transportation service on tribal lands in a single Tribal Statistical Area, and the Indian tribes do not determine how to allocate the funds apportioned under clause (iii) of subpara-graph (A) between the Indian tribes, the Sec-retary shall allocate the funds so that each In-dian tribe shall receive an amount equal to the total amount apportioned under such clause (iii) multiplied by the ratio of the number of annual unlinked passenger trips provided by each In-dian tribe, as reported to the National Transit Database, to the total unlinked passenger trips provided by all Indian tribes in the Tribal Sta-tistical Area.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 5311 
of such title is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (b) by striking 
‘‘5338(a)(2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘5338(a)(2)(F)’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)– (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘5338(a)(2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘5338(a)(2)(F)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking 
‘‘5338(a)(2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘5338(a)(2)(F)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking 
‘‘5338(a)(2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘5338(a)(2)(F)’’. 
SEC. 3008. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION INNOVA-
TION. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS .—Section 
5312 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking the section designation and 
heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘§ 5312. Public transportation innovation’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (a) through 
(f) as subsections (b) through (g), respectively; 
(3) by inserting before subsection (b) (as so re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide assistance for projects and activities to ad-vance innovative public transportation research and development in accordance with the re-quirements of this section.’’; 
(4) in subsection (e) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘demonstration, deployment, or evaluation’’ before ‘‘project that’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the deployment of low or no emission ve-
hicles, zero emission vehicles, or associated ad-vanced technology.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary may not 
make grants under this subsection for the dem-onstration, deployment, or evaluation of a vehi-cle that is in revenue service unless the Sec-retary determines that the project makes signifi-cant technological advancements in the vehicle. 
‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ means 
the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide public 
transportation that the Secretary determines sufficiently reduces energy consumption or harmful emissions, including direct carbon emis-sions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to provide 
public transportation; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ means a 
low or no emission vehicle that produces no car-bon or particulate matter.’’; 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) L
OW OR NOEMISSION VEHICLE COMPO -
NENT ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘covered institution of higher 
education’ means an institution of higher edu-cation with which the Secretary enters into a contract or cooperative agreement, or to which the Secretary makes a grant, under paragraph (2)(B) to operate a facility selected under para-graph (2)(A); 
‘‘(B) the terms ‘direct carbon emissions’ and 
‘low or no emission vehicle’ have the meanings given those terms in subsection (e)(6); 
‘‘(C) the term ‘institution of higher education’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle com-
ponent’ means an item that is separately in-stalled in and removable from a low or no emis-sion vehicle. 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSING LOW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE  
COMPONENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall com-
petitively select at least one facility to conduct testing, evaluation, and analysis of low or no emission vehicle components intended for use in low or no emission vehicles. 
‘‘(B) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter 
into a contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, at least one institution of higher education to operate and maintain a fa-cility selected under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An institution of higher 
education described in clause (i) shall have— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8720 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(I) capacity to carry out transportation-re-
lated advanced component and vehicle evalua-tion; 
‘‘(II) laboratories capable of testing and eval-
uation; and 
‘‘(III) direct access to or a partnership with a 
testing facility capable of emulating real-world circumstances in order to test low or no emission vehicle components installed on the intended ve-hicle. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A covered institution of higher 
education shall establish and collect fees, which shall be approved by the Secretary, for the as-sessment of low or no emission vehicle compo-nents at the applicable facility selected under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS TO PAY FOR  
ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into a 
contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to an institution of higher education under which— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary shall pay 50 percent of the 
cost of assessing a low or no emission vehicle component at the applicable facility selected under subparagraph (A) from amounts made available to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(ii) the remaining 50 percent of such cost 
shall be paid from amounts recovered through the fees established and collected pursuant to subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) V
OLUNTARY TESTING .—A manufacturer of 
a low or no emission vehicle component is not required to assess the low or no emission vehicle component at a facility selected under subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘(F) C
OMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 5318 .—Not-
withstanding whether a low or no emission vehi-cle component is assessed at a facility selected under subparagraph (A), each new bus model shall comply with the requirements under sec-tion 5318. 
‘‘(G) S
EPARATE FACILITY .—A facility selected 
under subparagraph (A) shall be separate and distinct from the facility operated and main-tained under section 5318. 
‘‘(3) L
OW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE COMPONENT  
PERFORMANCE REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Federal Pub-lic Transportation Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall issue a report on low or no emission vehicle component assess-ments conducted at each facility selected under paragraph (2)(A), which shall include informa-tion related to the maintainability, reliability, performance, structural integrity, efficiency, and noise of those low or no emission vehicle components. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF ASSESSMENTS .— 
Each assessment conducted at a facility selected under paragraph (2)(A) shall be made publicly available, including to affected industries. 
‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to require— 
‘‘(A) a low or no emission vehicle component 
to be tested at a facility selected under para-graph (2)(A); or 
‘‘(B) the development or disclosure of a pri-
vately funded component assessment.’’. 
(6) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘(f)’’ and all that follows be-
fore paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT ON RESEARCH .—Not later 
than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation, a report that includes—’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a period; and 
(D) by striking paragraph (3); and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The amounts made avail-
able under section 5338(a)(2)(G)(ii) are available for a public transportation cooperative research program. ‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENT GOVERNING BOARD .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an independent governing board for the program under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The board shall 
recommend public transportation research, de-velopment, and technology transfer activities the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) F
EDERAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
may make grants to, and enter into cooperative agreements with, the National Academy of Sciences to carry out activities under this sub-section that the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(4) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—If there 
would be a clear and direct financial benefit to an entity under a grant or contract financed under this subsection, the Secretary shall estab-lish a Government share consistent with that benefit. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON APPLICABILITY .—Sub-
sections (f) and (g) shall not apply to activities carried out under this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 5312 
of such title (as amended by subsection (a) of this section) is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1) by striking ‘‘subsection 
(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘subsection 
(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(2) in each of subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(2) by striking ‘‘subsection 
(d)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(4)’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5312 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5312. Public transportation innovation.’’. 
SEC. 3009. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND WORK-
FORCE DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5314 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 5314. Technical assistance and workforce 
development 
‘‘(a) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STAND -
ARDS.— 
‘‘(1) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants and enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and other agreements (including agreements with departments, agencies, and in-strumentalities of the Government) to carry out activities that the Secretary determines will as-sist recipients of assistance under this chapter to— 
‘‘(i) more effectively and efficiently provide 
public transportation service; 
‘‘(ii) administer funds received under this 
chapter in compliance with Federal law; and 
‘‘(iii) improve public transportation. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—The activities car-
ried out under subparagraph (A) may include— 
‘‘(i) technical assistance; and ‘‘(ii) the development of voluntary and con-
sensus-based standards and best practices by the public transportation industry, including standards and best practices for safety, fare col-lection, intelligent transportation systems, ac-cessibility, procurement, security, asset manage-ment to maintain a state of good repair, oper-ations, maintenance, vehicle propulsion, com-munications, and vehicle electronics. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary, 
through a competitive bid process, may enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and other agreements with national nonprofit orga-nizations that have the appropriate dem-onstrated capacity to provide public-transpor-tation-related technical assistance under this subsection. The Secretary may enter into such contracts, cooperative agreements, and other agreements to assist providers of public trans-
portation to— 
‘‘(A) comply with the Americans with Disabil-
ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) through technical assistance, demonstration programs, research, public education, and other activities related to complying with such Act; 
‘‘(B) comply with human services transpor-
tation coordination requirements and to en-hance the coordination of Federal resources for human services transportation with those of the Department of Transportation through tech-nical assistance, training, and support services related to complying with such requirements; 
‘‘(C) meet the transportation needs of elderly 
individuals; 
‘‘(D) increase transit ridership in coordination 
with metropolitan planning organizations and other entities through development around pub-lic transportation stations through technical as-sistance and the development of tools, guidance, and analysis related to market-based develop-ment around transit stations; 
‘‘(E) address transportation equity with re-
gard to the effect that transportation planning, investment, and operations have for low-income and minority individuals; 
‘‘(F) facilitate best practices to promote bus 
driver safety; 
‘‘(G) meet the requirements of sections 5323(j) 
and 5323(m); 
‘‘(H) assist with the development and deploy-
ment of low or no emission vehicles (as defined in section 5339(c)(1)) or low or no emission vehi-cle components (as defined in section 5312(h)(1)); and 
‘‘(I) any other technical assistance activity 
that the Secretary determines is necessary to ad-
vance the interests of public transportation. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT ON TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE.—Not later than the first Monday in Feb-
ruary of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) a description of each project that re-
ceived assistance under this subsection during the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) an evaluation of the activities carried 
out by each organization that received assist-ance under this subsection during the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(C) a proposal for allocations of amounts for 
assistance under this subsection for the subse-quent fiscal year; and 
‘‘(D) measurable outcomes and impacts of the 
programs funded under subsections (b) and (c). 
‘‘(4) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Government share of 
the cost of an activity carried out using a grant under this subsection may not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The non-Gov-
ernment share of the cost of an activity carried out using a grant under this subsection may be derived from in-kind contributions. 
‘‘(b) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may under-
take, or make grants and contracts for, pro-grams that address human resource needs as they apply to public transportation activities. A program may include— 
‘‘(A) an employment training program; ‘‘(B) an outreach program to increase employ-
ment for veterans, females, individuals with a disability, minorities (including American Indi-ans or Alaska Natives, Asian, Black or African Americans, native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders, and Hispanics) in public transpor-tation activities; 
‘‘(C) research on public transportation per-
sonnel and training needs; 
‘‘(D) training and assistance for veteran and 
minority business opportunities; and 
‘‘(E) consensus-based national training stand-
ards and certifications in partnership with in-dustry stakeholders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8721 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(2) I NNOVATIVE PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION  
FRONTLINE WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a competitive grant program to assist the development of innovative activities eligible for assistance under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROGRAMS .—A program eligible 
for assistance under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(i) develop apprenticeships, on-the-job train-
ing, and instructional training for public trans-portation maintenance and operations occupa-tions; 
‘‘(ii) build local, regional, and statewide pub-
lic transportation training partnerships with local public transportation operators, labor union organizations, workforce development boards, and State workforce agencies to identify and address workforce skill gaps; 
‘‘(iii) improve safety, security, and emergency 
preparedness in local public transportation sys-tems through improved safety culture and work-force communication with first responders and the riding public; and 
‘‘(iv) address current or projected workforce 
shortages by developing partnerships with high schools, community colleges, and other commu-nity organizations. 
‘‘(C) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—To the max-
imum extent feasible, the Secretary shall select recipients that— 
‘‘(i) are geographically diverse; ‘‘(ii) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of large public transportation pro-viders; 
‘‘(iii) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of small public transportation pro-viders; 
‘‘(iv) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of urban public transportation providers; 
‘‘(v) address the workforce and human re-
sources needs of rural public transportation pro-viders; 
‘‘(vi) advance training related to maintenance 
of low or no emission vehicles and facilities used in public transportation; 
‘‘(vii) target areas with high rates of unem-
ployment; 
‘‘(viii) advance opportunities for minorities, 
women, veterans, individuals with disabilities, low-income populations, and other underserved populations; and 
‘‘(ix) address in-demand industry sector or oc-
cupation, as such term is defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
‘‘(D) P
ROGRAM OUTCOMES .—A recipient of as-
sistance under this subsection shall demonstrate outcomes for any program that includes skills training, on-the-job training, and work-based learning, including— 
‘‘(i) the impact on reducing public transpor-
tation workforce shortages in the area served; 
‘‘(ii) the diversity of training participants; ‘‘(iii) the number of participants obtaining 
certifications or credentials required for specific types of employment; 
‘‘(iv) employment outcomes, including job 
placement, job retention, and wages, using per-formance metrics established in consultation with the Secretary and the Secretary of Labor and consistent with metrics used by programs under the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.); and 
‘‘(v) to the extent practical, evidence that the 
program did not preclude workers who are par-ticipating in skills training, on-the-job training, and work-based learning from being referred to, or hired on, projects funded under this chapter without regard to the length of time of their participation in the program. 
‘‘(E) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall make publicly available a report on the Frontline Workforce Development Program for each fiscal year, not later than December 31 of the calendar year in which that fiscal year ends. The report shall include a detailed de-scription of activities carried out under this 
paragraph, an evaluation of the program, and policy recommendations to improve program ef-fectiveness. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT ’S SHARE OF COSTS .—The 
Government share of the cost of a project car-ried out using a grant under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be 50 percent. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Not more 
than 0.5 percent of amounts made available to a recipient under sections 5307, 5337, and 5339 is available for expenditures by the recipient, with the approval of the Secretary, to pay not more than 80 percent of the cost of eligible activities under this subsection. 
‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL TRANSIT INSTITUTE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a national transit institute and award grants to a public 4-year degree-granting insti-tution of higher education, as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)), in order to carry out the duties of the institute. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In cooperation with the 
Federal Transit Administration, State transpor-tation departments, public transportation au-thorities, and national and international enti-ties, the institute established under paragraph (1) shall develop and conduct training and edu-cational programs for Federal, State, and local transportation employees, United States citi-zens, and foreign nationals engaged or to be en-gaged in Government-aid public transportation work. 
‘‘(B) T
RAINING AND EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS .— 
The training and educational programs devel-oped under subparagraph (A) may include courses in recent developments, techniques, and procedures related to— 
‘‘(i) intermodal and public transportation 
planning; 
‘‘(ii) management; ‘‘(iii) environmental factors; ‘‘(iv) acquisition and joint use rights-of-way; ‘‘(v) engineering and architectural design; ‘‘(vi) procurement strategies for public trans-
portation systems; 
‘‘(vii) turnkey approaches to delivering public 
transportation systems; 
‘‘(viii) new technologies; ‘‘(ix) emission reduction technologies; ‘‘(x) ways to make public transportation ac-
cessible to individuals with disabilities; 
‘‘(xi) construction, construction management, 
insurance, and risk management; 
‘‘(xii) maintenance; ‘‘(xiii) contract administration; 
‘‘(xiv) inspection; ‘‘(xv) innovative finance; ‘‘(xvi) workplace safety; and ‘‘(xvii) public transportation security. ‘‘(3) P
ROVISION FOR EDUCATION AND TRAIN -
ING.—Education and training of Government, 
State, and local transportation employees under this subsection shall be provided— 
‘‘(A) by the Secretary at no cost to the States 
and local governments for subjects that are a Government program responsibility; or 
‘‘(B) when the education and training are 
paid under paragraph (4), by the State, with the approval of the Secretary, through grants and contracts with public and private agencies, other institutions, individuals, and the institute. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 0.5 percent 
of amounts made available to a recipient under sections 5307, 5337, and 5339 is available for ex-penditures by the recipient, with the approval of the Secretary, to pay not more than 80 percent of the cost of eligible activities under this sub-section. 
‘‘(B) E
XISTING PROGRAMS .—A recipient may 
use amounts made available under subpara-graph (A) to carry out existing local education and training programs for public transportation employees supported by the Secretary, the De-partment of Labor, or the Department of Edu-cation.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5314 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5314. Technical assistance and workforce de-
velopment.’’. 
SEC. 3010. PRIVATE SECTOR PARTICIPATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5315 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to alter— 
‘‘(1) the eligibilities, requirements, or priorities 
for assistance provided under this chapter; or 
‘‘(2) the requirements of section 5306(a).’’. (b) MAP–21 T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 
20013(d) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 694) is amended by striking ‘‘5307(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘5307(b)’’. 
SEC. 3011. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Section 5323 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) pay incremental costs of incorporating 
art or non-functional landscaping into facilities, including the costs of an artist on the design team; or’’; 
(2) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) when procuring rolling stock (including 
train control, communication, traction power equipment, and rolling stock prototypes) under this chapter— 
‘‘(i) the cost of components and subcompo-
nents produced in the United States— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, is more 
than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, is more 
than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year 
thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(ii) final assembly of the rolling stock has oc-
curred in the United States; or’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (7) through (11), respectively; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) R
OLLING STOCK FRAMES OR CAR SHELLS .— 
In carrying out paragraph (2)(C) in the case of a rolling stock procurement receiving assistance under this chapter in which the average cost of a rolling stock vehicle in the procurement is more than $300,000, if rolling stock frames or car shells are not produced in the United States, the Secretary shall include in the calculation of the domestic content of the rolling stock the cost of steel or iron that is produced in the United States and used in the rolling stock frames or car shells. 
‘‘(6) C
ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY AND  
DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(A) C ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY .—If 
the Secretary denies an application for a waiver under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall provide to the applicant a written certification that— 
‘‘(i) the steel, iron, or manufactured goods, as 
applicable, (referred to in this subparagraph as the ‘item’) is produced in the United States in a sufficient and reasonably available amount; 
‘‘(ii) the item produced in the United States is 
of a satisfactory quality; and 
‘‘(iii) includes a list of known manufacturers 
in the United States from which the item can be obtained. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Secretary shall dis-
close the waiver denial and the written certifi-cation to the public in an easily identifiable lo-cation on the website of the Department of Transportation.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8722 December 1, 2015 
(D) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Public Transpor-tation Act of 2015’’; and 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (11), as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(12) S
TEEL AND IRON .—For purposes of this 
subsection, steel and iron meeting the require-ments of section 661.5(b) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations may be considered produced in the United States. 
‘‘(13) D
EFINITION OF SMALL PURCHASE .—For 
purposes of determining whether a purchase qualifies for a general public interest waiver under paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection, in-cluding under any regulation promulgated under that paragraph, the term ‘small purchase’ means a purchase of not more than $150,000.’’; 
(3) in subsection (q)(1), by striking the second 
sentence; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) V
ALUE CAPTURE REVENUE ELIGIBLE FOR  
LOCAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, a recipient of assistance under this chapter may use the revenue generated from value capture financing mechanisms as local matching funds for capital projects and operating costs eligible under this chapter. 
‘‘(t) S
PECIAL CONDITION ON CHARTER BUS 
TRANSPORTATION SERVICE .—If, in a fiscal year, 
the Secretary is prohibited by law from enforc-ing regulations related to charter bus service under part 604 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations, for any transit agency that during fis-cal year 2008 was both initially granted a 60-day period to come into compliance with such part 604, and then was subsequently granted an ex-ception from such part— 
‘‘(1) the transit agency shall be precluded 
from receiving its allocation of urbanized area formula grant funds for such fiscal year; and 
‘‘(2) any amounts withheld pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall be added to the amount that the Secretary may apportion under section 5336 in the following fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 3012. PROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT. 
Section 5327 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (c) by striking ‘‘section 
5338(i)’’ and inserting section ‘‘5338(f)’’ ; and 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 5338(i)’’ and inserting 
section 5338(f); and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) a requirement that oversight— ‘‘(A) begin during the project development 
phase of a project, unless the Secretary finds it more appropriate to begin the oversight during another phase of the project, to maximize the transportation benefits and cost savings associ-ated with project management oversight; and 
‘‘(B) be limited to quarterly reviews of compli-
ance by the recipient with the project manage-ment plan approved under subsection (b) unless the Secretary finds that the recipient requires more frequent oversight because the recipient has failed to meet the requirements of such plan and the project may be at risk of going over budget or becoming behind schedule; and 
‘‘(3) a process for recipients that the Secretary 
has found require more frequent oversight to re-turn to quarterly reviews for purposes of para-graph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 3013. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
PROGRAM. 
Section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (E); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: ‘‘(D) minimum safety standards to ensure the 
safe operation of public transportation systems that— 
‘‘(i) are not related to performance standards 
for public transportation vehicles developed under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, take into con-
sideration— 
‘‘(I) relevant recommendations of the National 
Transportation Safety Board; 
‘‘(II) best practices standards developed by the 
public transportation industry; 
‘‘(III) any minimum safety standards or per-
formance criteria being implemented across the public transportation industry; 
‘‘(IV) relevant recommendations from the re-
port under section 3020 of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(V) any additional information that the Sec-
retary determines necessary and appropriate; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) as 
paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) F
EDERAL SAFETY MANAGEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary determines 
that a State safety oversight program is not being carried out in accordance with this sec-tion, has become inadequate to ensure the en-forcement of Federal safety regulation, or is in-capable of providing adequate safety oversight consistent with the prevention of substantial risk of death, or personal injury, the Secretary shall administer the State safety oversight pro-gram until the eligible State develops a State safety oversight program certified by the Sec-retary in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(B) T
EMPORARY FEDERAL OVERSIGHT .—In 
making a determination under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) transmit to the eligible State and affected 
recipient or recipients, a written explanation of the determination or subsequent finding, includ-ing any intention to withhold funding under this section, the amount of funds proposed to be withheld, and if applicable, a formal notice of a withdrawal of State safety oversight program approval; and 
‘‘(ii) require the State to submit a State safety 
oversight program or modification for certifi-cation by the Secretary that meets the require-ments of this subsection. 
‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO CORRECT .—If the Secretary 
determines in accordance with subparagraph (A), that a State safety oversight program or modification required pursuant to subparagraph (B)(ii), submitted by a State is not sufficient, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(i) withhold funds available under para-
graph (6) in an amount determined by the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(ii) beginning 1 year after the date of the de-
termination, withhold not more than 5 percent of the amount required to be appropriated for use in a State or an urbanized area in the State under section 5307, until the State safety over-sight program or modification has been certified; and 
‘‘(iii) use any other authorities authorized 
under this chapter considered necessary and ap-propriate. 
‘‘(D) A
DMINISTRATIVE AND OVERSIGHT ACTIVI -
TIES.—To carry out administrative and over-
sight activities authorized by this paragraph, the Secretary may use grant funds apportioned to an eligible State, under paragraph (6), to de-velop or carry out a State safety oversight pro-gram.’’; 
(3) in subsection (f)(2), by inserting ‘‘or the 
public transportation industry generally’’ after ‘‘recipients’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by striking ‘‘an eligible State, as defined in sub-section (e),’’ and inserting ‘‘a recipient’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; (C) in subparagraph (D) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) withholding not more than 25 percent of 
financial assistance under section 5307.’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(2)(A)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘funds’’ the following: 
‘‘or withhold funds’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or (1)(E)’’ after ‘‘paragraph 
(1)(D)’’; and 
(6) by striking subsection (h) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(h) R
ESTRICTIONS AND PROHIBITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESTRICTIONS AND PROHIBITIONS .—The 
Secretary shall issue restrictions and prohibi-tions by whatever means are determined nec-essary and appropriate, without regard to sec-tion 5334(c), if, through testing, inspection, in-vestigation, audit, or research carried out under this chapter, the Secretary determines that an unsafe condition or practice, or a combination of unsafe conditions and practices, exist such that there is a substantial risk of death or per-sonal injury. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—The notice of restriction or pro-
hibition shall describe the condition or practice, the subsequent risk and the standards and pro-cedures required to address the restriction or prohibition. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTINUED AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed as limiting the Secretary’s authority to maintain a restriction or prohibition for as long as is necessary to en-sure that the risk has been substantially ad-dressed.’’. 
SEC. 3014. APPORTIONMENTS. 
Section 5336 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘subsection (h)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)(5)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)(E) by striking ‘‘22.27 
percent’’ and inserting ‘‘27 percent’’; and 
(3) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) $30,000,000 shall be set aside each fiscal 
year to carry out section 5307(h);’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) of amounts not apportioned under para-
graphs (1) and (2)— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal years 2016 through 2018, 1.5 
percent shall be apportioned to urbanized areas with populations of less than 200,000 in accord-ance with subsection (i); and 
‘‘(B) for fiscal years 2019 and 2020, 2 percent 
shall be apportioned to urbanized areas with populations of less than 200,000 in accordance with subsection (i);’’. 
SEC. 3015. STATE OF GOOD REPAIR GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5337 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by inserting ‘‘the 
provisions of’’ before ‘‘section 5336(b)(1)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘vehicle’’ 
after ‘‘motorbus’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts apportioned 
under this subsection may be used for any project that is an eligible project under sub-section (b)(1).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a capital 
project under this section shall be for 80 percent of the net project cost of the project. The recipi-ent may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(2) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of the 
net project cost shall be provided— 
‘‘(A) in cash from non-Government sources; ‘‘(B) from revenues derived from the sale of 
advertising and concessions; or 
‘‘(C) from an undistributed cash surplus, a re-
placement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8723 December 1, 2015 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 5337 
of such title is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1) by striking 
‘‘5338(a)(2)(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘5338(a)(2)(K)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2) by striking 
‘‘5338(a)(2)(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘5338(a)(2)(K)’’. 
SEC. 3016. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 5338 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5338. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund to carry out sections 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, section 20005(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012, and sections 3006(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015— 
‘‘(A) $9,347,604,639 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $9,534,706,043 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $9,733,353,407 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $9,939,380,030 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(E) $10,150,348,462 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts 
made available under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) $130,732,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$133,398,933 for fiscal year 2017, $136,200,310 for fiscal year 2018, $139,087,757 for fiscal year 2019, and $142,036,417 for fiscal year 2020, shall be available to carry out section 5305; 
‘‘(B) $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 20005(b) of the Federal Public Transpor-tation Act of 2012; 
‘‘(C) $4,538,905,700 for fiscal year 2016, 
$4,629,683,814 for fiscal year 2017, $4,726,907,174 for fiscal year 2018, $4,827,117,606 for fiscal year 2019, and $4,929,452,499 for fiscal year 2020 shall be allocated in accordance with section 5336 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307; 
‘‘(D) $262,949,400 for fiscal year 2016, 
$268,208,388 for fiscal year 2017, $273,840,764 for fiscal year 2018, $279,646,188 for fiscal year 2019, and $285,574,688 for fiscal year 2020 shall be available to provide financial assistance for services for the enhanced mobility of seniors and individuals with disabilities under section 5310; 
‘‘(E) $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, $3,000,000 
for fiscal year 2017, $3,250,000 for fiscal year 2018, $3,500,000 for fiscal year 2019 and $3,500,000 for fiscal year 2020 shall be available for the pilot program for innovative coordinated access and mobility under section 3006(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015; 
‘‘(F) $619,956,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$632,355,120 for fiscal year 2017, $645,634,578 for fiscal year 2018, $659,322,031 for fiscal year 2019, and $673,299,658 for fiscal year 2020 shall be available to provide financial assistance for rural areas under section 5311, of which not less than— 
‘‘(i) $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5311(c)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5311(c)(2); 
‘‘(G) $28,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5312, of which— 
‘‘(i) $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5312(h); and 
‘‘(ii) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5312(i); 
‘‘(H) $9,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5314; of which $5,000,000 shall be available for the national transit institute under section 5314(c); 
‘‘(I) $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available for bus testing under section 5318; ‘‘(J) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5335; 
‘‘(K) $2,507,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$2,549,670,000 for fiscal year 2017, $2,593,703,558 for fiscal year 2018, $2,638,366,859 for fiscal year 2019, and $2,683,798,369 for fiscal year 2020 shall be available to carry out section 5337; 
‘‘(L) $427,800,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$436,356,000 for fiscal year 2017, $445,519,476 for fiscal year 2018, $454,964,489 for fiscal year 2019, and $464,609,736 for fiscal year 2020 shall be available for the bus and buses facilities pro-gram under section 5339(a); 
‘‘(M) $268,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$283,600,000 for fiscal year 2017, $301,514,000 for fiscal year 2018, $322,059,980 for fiscal year 2019, and $344,044,179 for fiscal year 2020 shall be available for buses and bus facilities competitive grants under section 5339(b) and no or low emis-sion grants under section 5339(c), of which $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 shall be available to carry out section 5339(c); and 
‘‘(N) $536,261,539 for fiscal year 2016, 
$544,433,788 for fiscal year 2017, $552,783,547 for fiscal year 2018, $561,315,120 for fiscal year 2019 and $570,032,917 for fiscal year 2020, to carry out section 5340 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307 and rural areas under section 5311, of which— 
‘‘(i) $272,297,083 for fiscal year 2016, 
$279,129,510 for fiscal year 2017, $286,132,747 for fiscal year 2018, $293,311,066 for fiscal year 2019, $300,668,843 for fiscal year 2020 shall be for growing States under section 5340(c); and 
‘‘(ii) $263,964,457 for fiscal year 2016, 
$265,304,279 for fiscal year 2017, $266,650,800 for fiscal year 2018, $268,004,054 for fiscal year 2019, $269,364,074 for fiscal year 2020 shall be for high density States under section 5340(d). 
‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , DEMONSTRA -
TION, AND DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out sec-tion 5312, other than subsections (h) and (i) of that section, $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5314, $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(d) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out sec-tion 5309 of this title and section 3005(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015, $2,301,785,760 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out section 5334, $115,016,543 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 5329 .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated under paragraph (1), not less than $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5329. 
‘‘(3) S
ECTION 5326 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (2), not less than $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 shall be available to carry out section 5326. 
‘‘(f) O
VERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made avail-
able to carry out this chapter for a fiscal year, the Secretary may use not more than the fol-lowing amounts for the activities described in paragraph (2): 
‘‘(A) 0.5 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5305. 
‘‘(B) 0.75 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5307. 
‘‘(C) 1 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5309. 
‘‘(D) 1 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 601 of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-432; 126 Stat. 4968). 
‘‘(E) 0.5 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5310. ‘‘(F) 0.5 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5311. 
‘‘(G) 1 percent of amounts made available to 
carry out section 5337, of which not less than 0.25 percent of amounts made available for this subparagraph shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
‘‘(H) 0.75 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5339. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities described in 
this paragraph are as follows: 
‘‘(A) Activities to oversee the construction of a 
major capital project. 
‘‘(B) Activities to review and audit the safety 
and security, procurement, management, and fi-nancial compliance of a recipient or subrecipient of funds under this chapter. 
‘‘(C) Activities to provide technical assistance 
generally, and to provide technical assistance to correct deficiencies identified in compliance re-views and audits carried out under this section. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The Gov-
ernment shall pay the entire cost of carrying out a contract under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS .—Funds 
made available under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made available to the Secretary before allo-cating the funds appropriated to carry out any project under a full funding grant agreement. 
‘‘(g) G
RANTS AS CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS FINANCED FROM HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved by 
the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS FINANCED FROM GENERAL FUND .— 
A grant or contract that is approved by the Sec-retary and financed with amounts appropriated in advance from the General Fund of the Treas-ury pursuant to this section is a contractual ob-ligation of the Government to pay the Govern-ment share of the cost of the project only to the extent that amounts are appropriated for such purpose by an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available by or appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 3017. GRANTS FOR BUSES AND BUS FACILI-
TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5339 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 5339. Grants for buses and bus facilities 
‘‘(a) F
ORMULA GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ has 
the meaning given that term in subsection (c)(1); 
‘‘(B) the term ‘State’ means a State of the 
United States; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘territory’ means the District of 
Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants under this subsection to assist eligi-ble recipients described in paragraph (4)(A) in financing capital projects— 
‘‘(A) to replace, rehabilitate, and purchase 
buses and related equipment, including techno-logical changes or innovations to modify low or no emission vehicles or facilities; and 
‘‘(B) to construct bus-related facilities. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .—The requirements 
of— 
‘‘(A) section 5307 shall apply to recipients of 
grants made in urbanized areas under this sub-section; and 
‘‘(B) section 5311 shall apply to recipients of 
grants made in rural areas under this sub-section. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .— 
‘‘(A) R ECIPIENTS .—Eligible recipients under 
this subsection are— 
‘‘(i) designated recipients that allocate funds 
to fixed route bus operators; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8724 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(ii) State or local governmental entities that 
operate fixed route bus service. 
‘‘(B) S UBRECIPIENTS .—A recipient that re-
ceives a grant under this subsection may allo-cate amounts of the grant to subrecipients that are public agencies or private nonprofit organi-zations engaged in public transportation. 
‘‘(5) D
ISTRIBUTION OF GRANT FUNDS .—Funds 
allocated under section 5338(a)(2)(L) shall be distributed as follows: 
‘‘(A) N
ATIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—$90,500,000 for 
each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 shall be allocated to all States and territories, with each State receiving $1,750,000 for each such fiscal year and each territory receiving $500,000 for each such fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION USING POPULATION AND  
SERVICE FACTORS .—The remainder of the funds 
not otherwise distributed under subparagraph (A) shall be allocated pursuant to the formula set forth in section 5336 other than subsection (b). 
‘‘(6) T
RANSFERS OF APPORTIONMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL  
DISTRIBUTION FUNDS .—The Governor of a State 
may transfer any part of the State’s apportion-ment under paragraph (5)(A) to supplement amounts apportioned to the State under section 5311(c) or amounts apportioned to urbanized areas under subsections (a) and (c) of section 5336. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR POPULATION  
AND SERVICE FACTORS FUNDS .—The Governor of 
a State may expend in an urbanized area with a population of less than 200,000 any amounts apportioned under paragraph (5)(B) that are not allocated to designated recipients in urban-ized areas with a population of 200,000 or more. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this subsection shall be for 80 percent of the net capital costs of the project. A recipient of a grant under this subsection may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(B) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of the 
net project cost shall be provided— 
‘‘(i) in cash from non-Government sources 
other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
‘‘(ii) from revenues derived from the sale of 
advertising and concessions; 
‘‘(iii) from an undistributed cash surplus, a 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital; 
‘‘(iv) from amounts received under a service 
agreement with a State or local social service agency or private social service organization; or 
‘‘(v) from revenues generated from value cap-
ture financing mechanisms. 
‘‘(8) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY TO RECIPIENTS .— 
Amounts made available under this subsection may be obligated by a recipient for 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the amount is ap-portioned. Not later than 30 days after the end of the 3-fiscal-year period described in the pre-ceding sentence, any amount that is not obli-gated on the last day of such period shall be added to the amount that may be apportioned under this subsection in the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(9) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR COST -EFFECTIVE CAP -
ITAL INVESTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall carry out a pilot program under which an eligible recipi-ent (as described in paragraph (4)) in an urban-ized area with population of not less than 200,000 and not more than 999,999 may elect to participate in a State pool in accordance with this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSE OF STATE POOLS .—The purpose 
of a State pool shall be to allow for transfers of formula grant funds made available under this subsection among the designated recipients par-ticipating in the State pool in a manner that supports the transit asset management plans of the designated recipients under section 5326. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUESTS FOR PARTICIPATION .—A State, 
and eligible recipients in the State described in subparagraph (A), may submit to the Secretary 
a request for participation in the program under procedures to be established by the Secretary. An eligible recipient for a multistate area may participate in only 1 State pool. 
‘‘(D) A
LLOCATIONS TO PARTICIPATING  
STATES .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary 
shall allocate to each State participating in the program the total amount of funds that other-wise would be allocated to the urbanized areas of the eligible recipients participating in the State’s pool for that fiscal year pursuant to the formulas referred to in paragraph (5). 
‘‘(E) A
LLOCATIONS TO ELIGIBLE RECIPIENTS IN  
STATE POOLS .—A State shall distribute the 
amount that is allocated to the State for a fiscal year under subparagraph (D) among the eligible recipients participating in the State’s pool in a manner that supports the transit asset manage-ment plans of the recipients under section 5326. 
‘‘(F) A
LLOCATION PLANS .—A State partici-
pating in the program shall develop an alloca-tion plan for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to ensure that an eligible recipient participating in the State’s pool receives under the program an amount of funds that equals the amount of funds that would have otherwise been available to the eligible recipient for that period pursuant to the formulas referred to in paragraph (5). 
‘‘(G) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall make 
grants under this subsection for a fiscal year to an eligible recipient participating in a State pool following notification by the State of the alloca-tion amount determined under subparagraph (E). 
‘‘(b) B
USES AND BUSFACILITIES COMPETITIVE  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants under this subsection to eligible recipi-ents (as described in subsection (a)(4)) to assist in the financing of buses and bus facilities cap-ital projects, including— 
‘‘(A) replacing, rehabilitating, purchasing, or 
leasing buses or related equipment; and 
‘‘(B) rehabilitating, purchasing, constructing, 
or leasing bus-related facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT CONSIDERATIONS .—In making 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the age and condition of buses, bus fleets, related equipment, and bus-related facili-ties. 
‘‘(3) S
TATEWIDE APPLICATIONS .—A State may 
submit a statewide application on behalf of a public agency or private nonprofit organization engaged in public transportation in rural areas or other areas for which the State allocates funds. The submission of a statewide applica-tion shall not preclude the submission and con-sideration of any application under this sub-section from other eligible recipients (as de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)) in an urbanized area in a State. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR THE SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) disclose all metrics and evaluation proce-
dures to be used in considering grant applica-tions under this subsection upon issuance of the notice of funding availability in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(B) publish a summary of final scores for se-
lected projects, metrics, and other evaluations used in awarding grants under this subsection in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(5) R
URAL PROJECTS .—Not less than 10 per-
cent of the amounts made available under this subsection in a fiscal year shall be distributed to projects in rural areas. 
‘‘(6) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) section 5307 for eligible recipients of 
grants made in urbanized areas; and 
‘‘(ii) section 5311 for eligible recipients of 
grants made in rural areas. 
‘‘(B) G OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The Gov-
ernment share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not ex-ceed 80 percent. ‘‘(7) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available for 3 fiscal years 
after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an el-igible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(8) L
IMITATION .—Of the amounts made 
available under this subsection, not more than 10 percent may be awarded to a single grantee. 
‘‘(c) L
OW OR NOEMISSION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ means 
the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible project’ means a project 
or program of projects in an eligible area for— 
‘‘(i) acquiring low or no emission vehicles; ‘‘(ii) leasing low or no emission vehicles; ‘‘(iii) acquiring low or no emission vehicles 
with a leased power source; 
‘‘(iv) constructing facilities and related equip-
ment for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(v) leasing facilities and related equipment 
for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(vi) constructing new public transportation 
facilities to accommodate low or no emission ve-hicles; or 
‘‘(vii) rehabilitating or improving existing 
public transportation facilities to accommodate low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(C) the term ‘leased power source’ means a 
removable power source, as defined in sub-section (c)(3) of section 3019 of the Federal Pub-lic Transportation Act of 2015 that is made available through a capital lease under such section; 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission bus’ means 
a bus that is a low or no emission vehicle; 
‘‘(E) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide public 
transportation that the Secretary determines sufficiently reduces energy consumption or harmful emissions, including direct carbon emis-sions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to provide 
public transportation; 
‘‘(F) the term ‘recipient’ means a designated 
recipient, a local governmental authority, or a State that receives a grant under this subsection for an eligible project; and 
‘‘(G) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ means a 
low or no emission vehicle that produces no car-bon or particulate matter. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may 
make grants to recipients to finance eligible projects under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of section 5307. 
‘‘(B) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS FOR CER -
TAIN PROJECTS .—Section 5323(i) applies to eligi-
ble projects carried out under this subsection, unless the recipient requests a lower grant per-centage. 
‘‘(C) C
OMBINATION OF FUNDING SOURCES .— 
‘‘(i) C OMBINATION PERMITTED .—An eligible 
project carried out under this subsection may re-ceive funding under section 5307 or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(ii) G
OVERNMENT SHARE .—Nothing in this 
subparagraph shall be construed to alter the Government share required under paragraph (7), section 5307, or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 30 days after the date on 
which amounts are made available for obliga-tion under this subsection for a full fiscal year, solicit grant applications for eligible projects on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) award a grant under this subsection 
based on the solicitation under subparagraph (A) not later than the earlier of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8725 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(i) 75 days after the date on which the solici-
tation expires; or 
‘‘(ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the 
Secretary solicited the grant applications. 
‘‘(5) C ONSIDERATION .—In awarding grants 
under this subsection, the Secretary shall only consider eligible projects relating to the acquisi-tion or leasing of low or no emission buses or bus facilities that— 
‘‘(A) make greater reductions in energy con-
sumption and harmful emissions, including di-rect carbon emissions, than comparable stand-ard buses or other low or no emission buses; and 
‘‘(B) are part of a long-term integrated fleet 
management plan for the recipient. 
‘‘(6) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available to an eligible 
project for 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an el-igible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal 
share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be derived from in-kind contributions.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The analysis for chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5339 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5339. Grants for buses and bus facilities.’’. 
SEC. 3018. OBLIGATION CEILING. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
the total of all obligations from amounts made available from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund by subsection (a) of sec-tion 5338 of title 49, United States Code, and sec-tion 3028 of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015 shall not exceed— 
(1) $9,347,604,639 in fiscal year 2016; (2) $9,733,706,043 in fiscal year 2017; (3) $9,733,353,407 in fiscal year 2018; (4) $9,939,380,030 in fiscal year 2019; and (5) $10,150,348,462 in fiscal year 2020. 
SEC. 3019. INNOVATIVE PROCUREMENT. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘grantee’’ means a recipient or subrecipient of assistance under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS ; GENERAL RULES .— 
(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(i) the term ‘‘cooperative procurement con-
tract’’ means a contract— 
(I) entered into between a State government or 
eligible nonprofit entity and 1 or more vendors; and 
(II) under which the vendors agree to provide 
an option to purchase rolling stock and related equipment to multiple participants; 
(ii) the term ‘‘eligible nonprofit entity’’ 
means— 
(I) a nonprofit cooperative purchasing organi-
zation that is not a grantee; or 
(II) a consortium of entities described in sub-
clause (I); 
(iii) the terms ‘‘lead nonprofit entity’’ and 
‘‘lead procurement agency’’ mean an eligible nonprofit entity or a State government, respec-tively, that acts in an administrative capacity on behalf of each participant in a cooperative procurement contract; 
(iv) the term ‘‘participant’’ means a grantee 
that participates in a cooperative procurement contract; and 
(v) the term ‘‘participate’’ means to purchase 
rolling stock and related equipment under a co-operative procurement contract using assistance provided under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. (B) G
ENERAL RULES .— 
(i) P ROCUREMENT NOT LIMITED TO INTRASTATE  
PARTICIPANTS .—A grantee may participate in a 
cooperative procurement contract without re-gard to whether the grantee is located in the same State as the parties to the contract. 
(ii) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participation 
by grantees in a cooperative procurement con-tract shall be voluntary. 
(iii) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The lead procurement 
agency or lead nonprofit entity for a cooperative procurement contract shall develop the terms of the contract. 
(iv) D
URATION .—A cooperative procurement 
contract— 
(I) subject to subclauses (II) and (III), may be 
for an initial term of not more than 2 years; 
(II) may include not more than 3 optional ex-
tensions for terms of not more than 1 year each; and 
(III) may be in effect for a total period of not 
more than 5 years, including each extension au-thorized under subclause (II). 
(v) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—A lead pro-
curement agency or lead nonprofit entity, as ap-plicable, that enters into a cooperative procure-ment contract— 
(I) may charge the participants in the con-
tract for the cost of administering, planning, and providing technical assistance for the con-tract in an amount that is not more than 1 per-cent of the total value of the contract; and 
(II) with respect to the cost described in sub-
clause (I), may incorporate the cost into the price of the contract or directly charge the par-ticipants for the cost, but not both. 
(2) S
TATE COOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT SCHED -
ULES.— 
(A) A UTHORITY .—A State government may 
enter into a cooperative procurement contract with 1 or more vendors if— 
(i) the vendors agree to provide an option to 
purchase rolling stock and related equipment to the State government and any other participant; and 
(ii) the State government acts throughout the 
term of the contract as the lead procurement agency. 
(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—In procuring rolling stock and related 
equipment under a cooperative procurement contract under this subsection, a State govern-ment shall comply with the policies and proce-dures that apply to procurement by the State government when using non-Federal funds, to the extent that the policies and procedures are in conformance with applicable Federal law. 
(3) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR NONPROFIT COOPERA -
TIVE PROCUREMENTS .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish and carry out a pilot program to dem-onstrate the effectiveness of cooperative pro-curement contracts administered by eligible non-profit entities. 
(B) D
ESIGNATION .—In carrying out the pro-
gram under this paragraph, the Secretary shall designate not less than 3 eligible nonprofit enti-ties to enter into a cooperative procurement con-tract under which the eligible nonprofit entity acts throughout the term of the contract as the lead nonprofit entity. 
(C) N
OTICE OF INTENT TO PARTICIPATE .—At a 
time determined appropriate by the lead non-profit entity, each participant in a cooperative procurement contract under this paragraph shall submit to the lead nonprofit entity a non-binding notice of intent to participate. 
(4) J
OINT PROCUREMENT CLEARINGHOUSE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a clearinghouse for the purpose of allowing grantees to aggregate planned rolling stock pur-chases and identify joint procurement partici-pants. 
(B) N
ONPROFIT CONSULTATION .—In estab-
lishing the clearinghouse under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may consult with nonprofit entities with expertise in public transportation or procurement, and other stakeholders as the Secretary determines appropriate. (C) I
NFORMATION ON PROCUREMENTS .—The 
clearinghouse may include information on bus size, engine type, floor type, and any other at-tributes necessary to identify joint procurement participants. 
(D) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(i) A CCESS .—The clearinghouse shall only be 
accessible to the Federal Transit Administra-tion, a nonprofit entity coordinating for such clearinghouse with the Secretary, and grantees. 
(ii) P
ARTICIPATION .—No grantee shall be re-
quired to submit procurement information to the database. 
(c) L
EASING ARRANGEMENTS .— 
(1) C APITAL LEASE DEFINED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘capital lease’’ means any agreement under which a grantee acquires the right to use rolling stock or related equipment for a specified period of time, in exchange for a periodic payment. 
(B) M
AINTENANCE .—A capital lease may re-
quire that the lessor provide maintenance of the rolling stock or related equipment covered by the lease. 
(2) P
ROGRAM TO SUPPORT INNOVATIVE LEASING  
ARRANGEMENTS .— 
(A) A UTHORITY .—A grantee may use assist-
ance provided under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, to enter into a capital lease if— 
(i) the rolling stock or related equipment cov-
ered under the lease is eligible for capital assist-ance under such chapter; and 
(ii) there is or will be no Federal interest in 
the rolling stock or related equipment covered under the lease as of the date on which the lease takes effect. 
(B) G
RANTEE REQUIREMENTS .—A grantee that 
enters into a capital lease shall— 
(i) maintain an inventory of the rolling stock 
or related equipment acquired under the lease; and 
(ii) maintain on the accounting records of the 
grantee the liability of the grantee under the lease. 
(C) E
LIGIBLE LEASE COSTS .—The costs for 
which a grantee may use assistance under chap-ter 53 of title 49, United States Code, with re-spect to a capital lease, include— 
(i) the cost of the rolling stock or related 
equipment; 
(ii) associated financing costs, including inter-
est, legal fees, and financial advisor fees; 
(iii) ancillary costs such as delivery and in-
stallation charges; and 
(iv) maintenance costs. (D) T
ERMS .—A grantee shall negotiate the 
terms of any lease agreement that the grantee enters into. 
(E) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCUREMENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(i) L EASE REQUIREMENTS .—Part 639 of title 49, 
Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, and implementing guidance applica-ble to leasing shall not apply to a capital lease. 
(ii) B
UY AMERICA .—The requirements under 
section 5323(j) of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to a capital lease. 
(3) C
APITAL LEASING OF CERTAIN ZERO EMIS -
SION VEHICLE COMPONENTS .— 
(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— 
(i) the term ‘‘removable power source’’— (I) means a power source that is separately in-
stalled in, and removable from, a zero emission vehicle; and 
(II) may include a battery, a fuel cell, an 
ultra-capacitor, or other advanced power source used in a zero emission vehicle; and 
(ii) the term ‘‘zero emission vehicle’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 5339(c) of title 49, United States Code. 
(B) L
EASED POWER SOURCES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, for pur-poses of this subsection, the cost of a removable power source that is necessary for the operation of a zero emission vehicle shall not be treated as part of the cost of the vehicle if the removable power source is acquired using a capital lease. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8726 December 1, 2015 
(C) E LIGIBLE CAPITAL LEASE .—A grantee may 
acquire a removable power source by itself through a capital lease. 
(D) P
ROCUREMENT REGULATIONS .—For pur-
poses of this section, a removable power source shall be subject to section 200.88 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 
3 years after the date on which a grantee enters into a capital lease under this subsection, the grantee shall submit to the Secretary a report that contains— 
(A) an evaluation of the overall costs and ben-
efits of leasing rolling stock; and 
(B) a comparison of the expected short-term 
and long-term maintenance costs of leasing versus buying rolling stock. 
(5) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall make pub-
licly available an annual report on this sub-section for each fiscal year, not later than De-cember 31 of the calendar year in which that fis-cal year ends. The report shall include a de-tailed description of the activities carried out under this subsection, and evaluation of the program including the evaluation of the data re-ported in paragraph (4). 
(d) B
UYAMERICA .—The requirements of sec-
tion 5323(j) of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to all procurements under this section. 
SEC. 3020. REVIEW OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
SAFETY STANDARDS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall begin a review of the safety standards and protocols used in public transportation systems in the United States that examines the efficacy of existing standards and protocols. 
(2) C
ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—In conducting the 
review under this paragraph, the Secretary shall review— 
(A) minimum safety performance standards 
developed by the public transportation industry; 
(B) safety performance standards, practices, 
or protocols in use by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(i) written emergency plans and procedures 
for passenger evacuations; 
(ii) training programs to ensure public trans-
portation personnel compliance and readiness in emergency situations; 
(iii) coordination plans approved by recipients 
with local emergency responders having juris-diction over a rail fixed guideway public trans-portation system, including— 
(I) emergency preparedness training, drills, 
and familiarization programs for the first re-sponders; and 
(II) the scheduling of regular field exercises to 
ensure appropriate response and effective radio and public safety communications; 
(iv) maintenance, testing, and inspection pro-
grams to ensure the proper functioning of— 
(I) tunnel, station, and vehicle ventilation 
systems; 
(II) signal and train control systems, track, 
mechanical systems, and other infrastructure; and 
(III) other systems as necessary; (v) certification requirements for train and 
bus operators and control center employees; 
(vi) consensus-based standards, practices, or 
protocols available to the public transportation industry; and 
(vii) any other standards, practices, or proto-
cols the Secretary determines appropriate; and 
(C) rail and bus safety standards, practices, or 
protocols in use by public transportation sys-tems, regarding— 
(i) rail and bus design and the workstation of 
rail and bus operators, as it relates to— 
(I) the reduction of blindspots that contribute 
to accidents involving pedestrians; and 
(II) protecting rail and bus operators from the 
risk of assault; 
(ii) scheduling fixed route rail and bus service 
with adequate time and access for operators to use restroom facilities; (iii) fatigue management; and 
(iv) crash avoidance and worthiness. (b) E
VALUATION .—After conducting the review 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, in consultation with representatives of the public transportation industry, evaluate the need to es-tablish additional Federal minimum public transportation safety standards. 
(c) R
EPORT .—After completing the review and 
evaluation required under subsections (a) and (b), and not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available on a publicly accessible Web site, a re-port that includes— 
(1) findings based on the review conducted 
under subsection (a); 
(2) the outcome of the evaluation conducted 
under subsection (b); 
(3) a comprehensive set of recommendations to 
improve the safety of the public transportation industry, including recommendations for statu-tory changes if applicable; and 
(4) actions that the Secretary will take to ad-
dress the recommendations provided under para-graph (3), including, if necessary, the authori-ties under section 5329(b)(2)(D) of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 3021. STUDY ON EVIDENTIARY PROTECTION 
FOR PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY PROGRAM INFORMATION. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall enter into an 
agreement with the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, to conduct a study to evaluate whether it is in the public interest, including public safety and the legal rights of persons injured in public transportation acci-dents, to withhold from discovery or admission into evidence in a Federal or State court pro-ceeding any plan, report, data, or other infor-mation or portion thereof, submitted to, devel-oped, produced, collected, or obtained by the Secretary or the Secretary’s representative for purposes of complying with the requirements under section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, including information related to a recipi-ent’s safety plan, safety risks, and mitigation measures. 
(b) C
OORDINATION .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Transportation Re-search Board shall coordinate with the legal re-search entities of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, including the Committee on Law and Justice and the Com-mittee on Science, Technology, and Law, and include members of those committees on the re-search committee established for the purposes of this section 
(c) I
NPUT.—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the relevant entities of the Na-tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall solicit input from the public transportation recipients, public transportation nonprofit employee labor organizations, and im-pacted members of the general public. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medi-cine shall issue a report, with the findings of the study under subsection (a), including any rec-ommendations on statutory changes regarding evidentiary protections that will increase public transportation safety. 
SEC. 3022. IMPROVED PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
SAFETY MEASURES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 90 days 
after publication of the report required in sec-tion 3020, the Secretary shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking on protecting public trans-portation operators from the risk of assault. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .—In the proposed rule-
making, the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) different safety needs of drivers of dif-
ferent modes; 
(2) differences in operating environments; (3) the use of technology to mitigate driver as-
sault risks; (4) existing experience, from both agencies and 
operators that already are using or testing driv-er assault mitigation infrastructure; and 
(5) the impact of the rule on future rolling 
stock procurements and vehicles currently in revenue service. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed as prohibiting the Secretary from issuing different comprehensive worker protections, including standards for mitigating assaults. 
SEC. 3023. PARATRANSIT SYSTEM UNDER FTA AP-
PROVED COORDINATED PLAN. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of section 
37.131(c) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, any paratransit system currently coordinating complementary paratransit service for more than 40 fixed route agencies shall be permitted to continue using an existing tiered, distance- based coordinated paratransit fare system, if the fare for the existing tiered, distance-based co-ordinated paratransit fare system is not in-creased by a greater percentage than any in-crease to the fixed route fare for the largest transit agency in the complementary paratransit service area. 
SEC. 3024. REPORT ON POTENTIAL OF INTERNET 
OF THINGS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the poten-tial of the Internet of Things to improve trans-portation services in rural, suburban, and urban areas. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a survey of the communities, cities, and 
States that are using innovative transportation systems to meet the needs of ageing populations; 
(2) best practices to protect privacy and secu-
rity, as determined as a result of such survey; and 
(3) recommendations with respect to the po-
tential of the Internet of Things to assist local, State, and Federal planners to develop more ef-ficient and accurate projections of the transpor-tation needs of rural, suburban, and urban com-munities. 
SEC. 3025. REPORT ON PARKING SAFETY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
study on the safety of certain transportation fa-cilities and locations, focusing on any property damage, injuries, deaths, and other incidents that occur or originate at locations intended to encourage public use of alternative transpor-tation, including— 
(1) carpool lots; (2) mass transit lots; (3) local, State, or regional rail stations; (4) rest stops; (5) college or university lots; (6) bike paths or walking trails; and (7) any other locations that the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 8 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
include in the report recommendations to Con-gress on the best ways to use innovative tech-nologies to increase safety and ensure a better response by transit security and local, State, and Federal law enforcement to address threats to public safety. 
SEC. 3026. APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS OF 
WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) C OMPACT .—The term ‘‘Compact’’ means 
the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Au-thority Compact (Public Law 89–774; 80 Stat. 1324). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8727 December 1, 2015 
(2) F EDERAL DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Federal 
Director’’ means— 
(A) a voting member of the Board of Directors 
of the Transit Authority who represents the Federal Government; and 
(B) a nonvoting member of the Board of Direc-
tors of the Transit Authority who serves as an alternate for a member described in subpara-graph (A). 
(3) T
RANSIT AUTHORITY .—The term ‘‘Transit 
Authority’’ means the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority established under Arti-cle III of the Compact. 
(b) A
PPOINTMENT BY SECRETARY OF TRANS-
PORTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For any appointment made 
on or after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall have sole au-thority to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of the Transit Authority. 
(2) A
MENDMENT TO COMPACT .—The signatory 
parties to the Compact shall amend the Compact as necessary in accordance with paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3027. EFFECTIVENESS OF PUBLIC TRANS-
PORTATION CHANGES AND FUND-ING. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall examine and evaluate the impact of the changes that MAP–21 had on public transpor-tation, including— 
(1) the ability and effectiveness of public 
transportation agencies to provide public trans-portation to low-income workers in accessing jobs and being able to use reverse commute serv-ices; 
(2) whether services to low-income riders de-
clined after MAP–21 was implemented; and 
(3) if guidance provided by the Federal Tran-
sit Administration encouraged public transpor-tation agencies to maintain and support services to low-income riders to allow them to access jobs, medical services, and other life necessities. 
SEC. 3028. AUTHORIZATION OF GRANTS FOR 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund to carry out this section $199,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 to assist in financing the in-stallation of positive train control systems re-quired under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) U
SES.—The amounts made available under 
subsection (a) of this section shall be awarded by the Secretary on a competitive basis, and grant funds awarded under this section shall not exceed 80 percent of the total cost of a project. 
(c) C
REDIT ASSISTANCE .—At the request of an 
eligible applicant under this section, the Sec-retary may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay the subsidy and administrative costs nec-essary to provide the entity Federal credit as-sistance under sections 502 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), with respect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
(d) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The amounts made 
available under subsection (a) of this section may be used only to assist a recipient of funds under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(e) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amounts made available under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants authorized under that sub-section. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed as authorizing the amounts appropriated under subsection (a) to be used for any purpose other than financing the installa-tion of positive train control systems. 
(g) G
RANTS FINANCED FROM HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND.—A grant that is approved by the Sec-
retary and financed with amounts made avail-able from the Mass Transit Account of the High-way Trust Fund under this section is a contrac-tual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. (h) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Notwith-
standing subsection (j), amounts made available under this section shall remain available until expended. 
(i) O
BLIGATION LIMITATION .—Funds made 
available under this section shall be subject to obligation limit of section 3018 of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015. 
(j) S
UNSET .—The Secretary of Transportation 
shall provide the grants, direct loans, and loan guarantees under subsections (b) and (c) by Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
SEC. 3029. AMENDMENT TO TITLE 5. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5313 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5314 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning on or after the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3030. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
CHANGES. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 20008(b) of MAP-21 (49 
U.S.C. 5309 note) is repealed. 
(b) R EPEAL SECTION 5313.—Section 5313 of title 
49, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 53 of such title, are repealed. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF SECTION 5319.—Section 5319 of 
title 49, United States Code, and the item relat-ing to that section in the analysis for chapter 53 of such title, are repealed. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF SECTION 5322.—Section 5322 of 
title 49, United States Code, and the item relat-ing to that section in the analysis for chapter 53 of such title, are repealed. 
(e) S
ECTION 5325.—Section 5325 of title 49, 
United States Code is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘at least 
two’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Federal 
Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015’’. 
(f) S
ECTION 5340.—Section 5340 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION .—The Secretary shall appor-
tion the amounts made available under section 5338(b)(2)(N) in accordance with subsection (c) and subsection (d).’’. 
(g) C
HAPTER 105 OFTITLE 49, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Section 10501(c) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 5302(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5302’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘mass transportation’’ and in-
serting ‘‘public transportation’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 5302(a)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 5302’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘mass 
transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation’’. 
TITLE IV—HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are au-
thorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count): 
(1) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—For carrying 
out section 402 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $243,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $252,300,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $261,200,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $270,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $279,800,000 for fiscal year 2020. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—For carrying out section 403 of title 23, 
United States Code— (A) $137,800,000 for fiscal year 2016; 
(B) $140,700,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $143,700,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $146,700,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $149,800,000 for fiscal year 2020. (3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
For carrying out section 405 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $274,700,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $277,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $280,200,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $283,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $285,900,000 for fiscal year 2020. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—For the Na-
tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration to carry out chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code— 
(A) $5,100,000 for fiscal year 2016; 
(B) $5,200,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $5,300,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $5,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $5,500,000 for fiscal year 2020. (5) H
IGH-VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PROGRAM .— 
For carrying out section 404 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $29,300,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $29,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $29,900,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $30,200,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $30,500,000 for fiscal year 2020. (6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—For adminis-
trative and related operating expenses of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion in carrying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and this title— 
(A) $25,832,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $26,072,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $26,329,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $26,608,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $26,817,000 for fiscal year 2020. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON OTHER USES.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, the amounts made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for a program under such chapters— 
(1) shall only be used to carry out such pro-
gram; and 
(2) may not be used by States or local govern-
ments for construction purposes. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, amounts made available under subsection (a) for fiscal years 2016 through 2020 shall be available for obligation in the same manner as if such funds were appor-tioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
(d) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Grants award-
ed under this title shall be carried out in accord-ance with regulations issued by the Secretary. 
(e) S
TATE MATCHING REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
grant awarded under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, requires a State to share in the cost, the aggregate of all expenditures for highway safety activities made during a fiscal year by the State and its political subdivisions (exclusive of Federal funds) for carrying out the grant (other than planning and administration) shall be available for the purpose of crediting the State during such fiscal year for the non- Federal share of the cost of any other project carried out under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code (other than planning or administra-tion), without regard to whether such expendi-tures were made in connection with such project. 
(f) G
RANT APPLICATION AND DEADLINE .—To 
receive a grant under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, a State shall submit an ap-plication, and the Secretary shall establish a single deadline for such applications to enable the award of grants early in the next fiscal year. 
SEC. 4002. HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
Section 402 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8728 December 1, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(A)— 
(A) in clause (vi) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (vii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(viii) to increase driver awareness of commer-
cial motor vehicles to prevent crashes and re-duce injuries and fatalities;’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(4), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(C) S
URVEY .—A State in which an auto-
mated traffic enforcement system is installed shall expend funds apportioned to that State under this section to conduct a biennial survey that the Secretary shall make publicly available through the Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation that includes— 
‘‘(i) a list of automated traffic enforcement 
systems in the State; 
‘‘(ii) adequate data to measure the trans-
parency, accountability, and safety attributes of each automated traffic enforcement system; and 
‘‘(iii) a comparison of each automated traffic 
enforcement system with— 
‘‘(I) Speed Enforcement Camera Systems Oper-
ational Guidelines (DOT HS 810 916, March 2008); and 
‘‘(II) Red Light Camera Systems Operational 
Guidelines (FHWA–SA–05–002, January 2005).’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (g) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(g) R
ESTRICTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to authorize the appropriation or expenditure of funds for highway construc-tion, maintenance, or design (other than design of safety features of highways to be incor-porated into guidelines).’’; 
(4) in subsection (k)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) E
LECTRONIC SUBMISSION .—The Secretary, 
in coordination with the Governors Highway Safety Association, shall develop procedures to allow States to submit highway safety plans under this subsection, including any attach-ments to the plans, in electronic form.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)(A), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘60 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and 
(5) in subsection (m)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (vii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (viii) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ix) increase driver awareness of commercial 
motor vehicles to prevent crashes and reduce in-juries and fatalities; and 
‘‘(x) support for school-based driver’s edu-
cation classes to improve teen knowledge about— 
‘‘(I) safe driving practices; and ‘‘(II) State graduated driving license require-
ments, including behind-the-wheel training re-quired to meet those requirements.’’. 
SEC. 4003. HIGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT. 
Section 403 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall obligate 
from funds made available to carry out this sec-tion for the period covering fiscal years 2017 through 2020 not more than $21,248,000 to con-duct the research described in paragraph (1).’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘If the Ad-
ministrator utilizes the authority under para-graph (1), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘If the Ad-
ministrator conducts the research authorized under paragraph (1), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON DRUG AND ALCOHOL SUR-
VEYDATA.—The Secretary shall establish proce-
dures and guidelines to ensure that any person participating in a program or activity that col-lects data on drug or alcohol use by drivers of motor vehicles and is carried out under this sec-tion is informed that the program or activity is voluntary. 
‘‘(j) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of any project or activity carried out under this section may be not more than 100 per-cent.’’. 
SEC. 4004. HIGH-VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 404 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 404. High-visibility enforcement program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish and administer a program under which not less than 3 campaigns will be carried out in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of each cam-
paign carried out under this section shall be to achieve outcomes related to not less than 1 of the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) Reduce alcohol-impaired or drug-im-
paired operation of motor vehicles. 
‘‘(2) Increase use of seatbelts by occupants of 
motor vehicles. 
‘‘(c) A
DVERTISING .—The Secretary may use, or 
authorize the use of, funds available to carry out this section to pay for the development, pro-duction, and use of broadcast and print media advertising and Internet-based outreach in car-rying out campaigns under this section. In allo-cating such funds, consideration shall be given to advertising directed at non-English speaking populations, including those who listen to, read, or watch nontraditional media. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHSTATES .—The Sec-
retary shall coordinate with States in carrying out the campaigns under this section, including advertising funded under subsection (c), with consideration given to— 
‘‘(1) relying on States to provide law enforce-
ment resources for the campaigns out of funding made available under sections 402 and 405; and 
‘‘(2) providing, out of National Highway Traf-
fic Safety Administration resources, most of the means necessary for national advertising and education efforts associated with the campaigns. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Funds made available to 
carry out this section may be used only for ac-tivities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) C AMPAIGN .—The term ‘campaign’ means 
a high-visibility traffic safety law enforcement campaign. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 401.’’. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 404 and inserting the following: 
‘‘404. High-visibility enforcement program.’’. 
SEC. 4005. NATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Section 405(a) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to the re-
quirements of this section, the Secretary shall manage programs to address national priorities for reducing highway deaths and injuries. Funds shall be allocated according to the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) O
CCUPANT PROTECTION .—In each fiscal 
year, 13 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that adopt and implement effective occupant protec-tion programs to reduce highway deaths and in-juries resulting from individuals riding unre-strained or improperly restrained in motor vehi-cles (as described in subsection (b)). ‘‘(2) S
TATE TRAFFIC SAFETY INFORMATION SYS -
TEM IMPROVEMENTS .—In each fiscal year, 14.5 
percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that meet re-quirements with respect to State traffic safety information system improvements (as described in subsection (c)). 
‘‘(3) I
MPAIRED DRIVING COUNTERMEASURES .— 
In each fiscal year, 52.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that meet requirements with re-spect to impaired driving countermeasures (as described in subsection (d)). 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRACTED DRIVING .—In each fiscal 
year, 8.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that adopt and implement effective laws to reduce distracted driving (as described in subsection (e)). 
‘‘(5) M
OTORCYCLIST SAFETY .—In each fiscal 
year, 1.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that implement motorcyclist safety programs (as de-scribed in subsection (f)). 
‘‘(6) S
TATE GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING  
LAWS .—In each fiscal year, 5 percent of the 
funds provided under this section shall be allo-cated among States that adopt and implement graduated driver licensing laws (as described in subsection (g)). 
‘‘(7) N
ONMOTORIZED SAFETY .—In each fiscal 
year, 5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States that meet requirements with respect to nonmotorized safety (as described in subsection (h)). 
‘‘(8) T
RANSFERS .—Notwithstanding para-
graphs (1) through (7), the Secretary shall re-allocate, before the last day of any fiscal year, any amounts remaining available to carry out any of the activities described in subsections (b) through (h) to increase the amount made avail-able under section 402, in order to ensure, to the maximum extent possible, that all such amounts are obligated during such fiscal year. 
‘‘(9) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(A) C ERTIFICATION .—As part of the grant ap-
plication required in section 402(k)(3)(F), a State receiving a grant in any fiscal year under sub-section (b), (c), or (d) of this section shall pro-vide certification that the lead State agency re-sponsible for programs described in any of those subsections is maintaining aggregate expendi-tures at or above the average level of such ex-penditures in the 2 fiscal years prior to the date of enactment of the FAST Act. 
‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—Upon the request of a State, 
the Secretary may waive or modify the require-ments under subparagraph (A) for not more than 1 fiscal year if the Secretary determines that such a waiver would be equitable due to ex-ceptional or uncontrollable circumstances. 
‘‘(10) P
OLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS .—A State may 
provide the funds awarded under this section to a political subdivision of the State or an Indian tribal government.’’. 
(b) H
IGH SEATBELT USERATE.—Section 
405(b)(4)(B) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’. 
(c) I
MPAIRED DRIVING COUNTERMEASURES .— 
Section 405(d) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(4) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIRED PROGRAMS .—High-range 
States shall use grant funds for— 
‘‘(i) high-visibility enforcement efforts; and ‘‘(ii) any of the activities described in sub-
paragraph (B) if— 
‘‘(I) the activity is described in the statewide 
plan; and 
‘‘(II) the Secretary approves the use of fund-
ing for such activity. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZED PROGRAMS .—Medium-range 
and low-range States may use grant funds for— 
‘‘(i) any of the purposes described in subpara-
graph (A); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8729 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(ii) hiring a full-time or part-time impaired 
driving coordinator of the State’s activities to address the enforcement and adjudication of laws regarding driving while impaired by alco-hol, drugs, or the combination of alcohol and drugs; 
‘‘(iii) court support of high-visibility enforce-
ment efforts, training and education of criminal justice professionals (including law enforce-ment, prosecutors, judges, and probation offi-cers) to assist such professionals in handling im-paired driving cases, hiring traffic safety re-source prosecutors, hiring judicial outreach liai-sons, and establishing driving while intoxicated courts; 
‘‘(iv) alcohol ignition interlock programs; ‘‘(v) improving blood-alcohol concentration 
testing and reporting; 
‘‘(vi) paid and earned media in support of 
high-visibility enforcement efforts, conducting standardized field sobriety training, advanced roadside impaired driving evaluation training, and drug recognition expert training for law en-forcement, and equipment and related expendi-tures used in connection with impaired driving enforcement in accordance with criteria estab-lished by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; 
‘‘(vii) training on the use of alcohol and drug 
screening and brief intervention; 
‘‘(viii) training for and implementation of im-
paired driving assessment programs or other tools designed to increase the probability of identifying the recidivism risk of a person con-victed of driving under the influence of alcohol, drugs, or a combination of alcohol and drugs and to determine the most effective mental health or substance abuse treatment or sanction that will reduce such risk; 
‘‘(ix) developing impaired driving information 
systems; and 
‘‘(x) costs associated with a 24-7 sobriety pro-
gram. 
‘‘(C) O
THER PROGRAMS .—Low-range States 
may use grant funds for any expenditure de-signed to reduce impaired driving based on prob-lem identification and may use not more than 50 percent of funds made available under this sub-section for any project or activity eligible for funding under section 402. Medium-range and high-range States may use funds for any ex-penditure designed to reduce impaired driving based on problem identification upon approval by the Secretary.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (6)— (A) by amending the paragraph heading to 
read as follows: ‘‘A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A) by amending the sub-
paragraph heading to read as follows: ‘‘G RANTS  
TO STATES WITH ALCOHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK  
LAWS .—’’; 
(C) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E), respectively; 
(D) by inserting after subparagraph (A), the 
following: 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO STATES WITH 24 -7 SOBRIETY  
PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall make a sepa-
rate grant under this subsection to each State that— 
‘‘(i) adopts and is enforcing a law that re-
quires all individuals convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or of driving while in-toxicated to receive a restriction on driving privileges; and 
‘‘(ii) provides a 24-7 sobriety program.’’; (E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’; 
(G) by amending subparagraph (E), as redes-
ignated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(E) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(i) F UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH AL -
COHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK LAWS .—Not more 
than 12 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall 
be made available by the Secretary for making grants under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) F
UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH 24 - 
7 SOBRIETY PROGRAMS .—Not more than 3 percent 
of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall be made avail-able by the Secretary for making grants under subparagraph (B).’’; and 
(H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) E
XCEPTIONS .—A State alcohol-ignition 
interlock law under subparagraph (A) may in-clude exceptions for the following cir-cumstances: 
‘‘(i) The individual is required to operate an 
employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(ii) The individual is certified by a medical 
doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an ignition inter-lock device. 
‘‘(iii) A State-certified ignition interlock pro-
vider is not available within 100 miles of the in-dividual’s residence.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘or a State agency’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘or an agency with jurisdiction’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘bond,’’ before ‘‘sentence’’; (ii) in clause (i) by striking ‘‘who plead guilty 
or’’ and inserting ‘‘who was arrested for, plead guilty to, or’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii)(I) by inserting ‘‘at a testing 
location’’ after ‘‘per day’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D) by striking the sec-
ond period at the end. 
(d) D
ISTRACTED DRIVING GRANTS .—Section 
405(e) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) D
ISTRACTED DRIVING GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award 
a grant under this subsection to any State that includes distracted driving awareness as part of the State’s driver’s license examination, and en-acts and enforces a law that meets the require-ments set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON TEXTING WHILE DRIV -
ING.—A State law meets the requirements set 
forth in this paragraph if the law— 
‘‘(A) prohibits a driver from texting through a 
personal wireless communications device while driving; 
‘‘(B) makes violation of the law a primary of-
fense; 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a viola-
tion of the law; and 
‘‘(D) does not provide for an exemption that 
specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communication device while stopped in traffic. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON YOUTH CELL PHONE USE  
WHILE DRIVING OR STOPPED IN TRAFFIC .—A State 
law meets the requirements set forth in this paragraph if the law— 
‘‘(A) prohibits a driver from using a personal 
wireless communications device while driving if the driver is— 
‘‘(i) younger than 18 years of age; or ‘‘(ii) in the learner’s permit or intermediate li-
cense stage set forth in subsection (g)(2)(B); 
‘‘(B) makes violation of the law a primary of-
fense; 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a viola-
tion of the law; and 
‘‘(D) does not provide for an exemption that 
specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communication device while stopped in traffic. 
‘‘(4) P
ERMITTED EXCEPTIONS .—A law that 
meets the requirements set forth in paragraph (2) or (3) may provide exceptions for— 
‘‘(A) a driver who uses a personal wireless 
communications device to contact emergency services; 
‘‘(B) emergency services personnel who use a 
personal wireless communications device while— ‘‘(i) operating an emergency services vehicle; 
and 
‘‘(ii) engaged in the performance of their du-
ties as emergency services personnel; 
‘‘(C) an individual employed as a commercial 
motor vehicle driver or a school bus driver who uses a personal wireless communications device within the scope of such individual’s employ-ment if such use is permitted under the regula-tions promulgated pursuant to section 31136 of title 49; and 
‘‘(D) any additional exceptions determined by 
the Secretary through a rulemaking process. 
‘‘(5) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), amounts received by a State under this subsection shall be used— 
‘‘(i) to educate the public through advertising 
containing information about the dangers of texting or using a cell phone while driving; 
‘‘(ii) for traffic signs that notify drivers about 
the distracted driving law of the State; or 
‘‘(iii) for law enforcement costs related to the 
enforcement of the distracted driving law. 
‘‘(B) F
LEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(i) Not more than 50 percent of amounts re-
ceived by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402. 
‘‘(ii) Not more than 75 percent of amounts re-
ceived by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402 if the State has conformed its dis-tracted driving data to the most recent Model Minimum Uniform Crash Criteria published by the Secretary. 
‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL DISTRACTED DRIVING  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the Secretary shall use up to 25 percent of the amounts available for grants under this sub-section to award grants to any State that— 
‘‘(i) in fiscal year 2017— ‘‘(I) certifies that it has enacted a basic text 
messaging statute that— 
‘‘(aa) is applicable to drivers of all ages; and ‘‘(bb) makes violation of the basic text mes-
saging statute a primary offense or secondary enforcement action as allowed by State statute; and 
‘‘(II) is otherwise ineligible for a grant under 
this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) in fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(I) certifies that it has enacted a basic text 
messaging statute that— 
‘‘(aa) is applicable to drivers of all ages; and ‘‘(bb) makes violation of the basic text mes-
saging statute a primary offense; 
‘‘(II) imposes fines for violations; ‘‘(III) has a statute that prohibits drivers who 
are younger than 18 years of age from using a personal wireless communications device while driving; and 
‘‘(IV) is otherwise ineligible for a grant under 
this subsection. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(5) and subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this subparagraph, amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for activi-ties related to the enforcement of distracted driving laws, including for public information and awareness purposes. 
‘‘(ii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—In fiscal year 2017, up 
to 15 percent of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any el-igible project or activity under section 402. 
‘‘(iii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2018 .—In fiscal year 2018, 
up to 25 percent of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402. 
‘‘(7) A
LLOCATION TO SUPPORT STATE DIS -
TRACTED DRIVING LAWS .—Of the amounts avail-
able under this subsection in a fiscal year for distracted driving grants, the Secretary may ex-pend not more than $5,000,000 for the develop-ment and placement of broadcast media to re-duce distracted driving of motor vehicles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8730 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(8) G RANT AMOUNT .—The allocation of grant 
funds to a State under this subsection for a fis-cal year shall be in proportion to the State’s ap-portionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009. 
‘‘(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(A) D RIVING .—The term ‘driving’— 
‘‘(i) means operating a motor vehicle on a 
public road; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include operating a motor vehi-
cle when the vehicle has pulled over to the side of, or off, an active roadway and has stopped in a location where it can safely remain sta-tionary. 
‘‘(B) P
ERSONAL WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS  
DEVICE .—The term ‘personal wireless commu-
nications device’— 
‘‘(i) means a device through which personal 
wireless services (as defined in section 332(c)(7)(C)(i) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(c)(7)(C)(i))) are transmitted; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include a global navigation sat-
ellite system receiver used for positioning, emer-gency notification, or navigation purposes. 
‘‘(C) P
RIMARY OFFENSE .—The term ‘primary 
offense’ means an offense for which a law en-forcement officer may stop a vehicle solely for the purpose of issuing a citation in the absence of evidence of another offense. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC ROAD .—The term ‘public road’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 402(c). 
‘‘(E) T
EXTING .—The term ‘texting’ means 
reading from or manually entering data into a personal wireless communications device, in-cluding doing so for the purpose of SMS texting, emailing, instant messaging, or engaging in any other form of electronic data retrieval or elec-tronic data communication.’’. 
(e) M
OTORCYCLIST SAFETY .—Section 405(f) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(2) G RANT AMOUNT .—The allocation of grant 
funds to a State under this subsection for a fis-cal year shall be in proportion to the State’s ap-portionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009, except that the amount of a grant awarded to a State for a fiscal year may not exceed 25 percent of the amount apportioned to the State under such section for fiscal year 2009.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4) by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(C) F
LEXIBILITY .—Not more than 50 percent 
of grant funds received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402 if the State is in the lowest 25 percent of all States for motorcycle deaths per 10,000 motorcycle registrations based on the most recent data that conforms with cri-teria established by the Secretary.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
HARE -THE-ROAD MODEL LANGUAGE .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall update and provide to the States model language, for use in traffic safety education courses, driver’s manu-als, and other driver training materials, that provides instruction for drivers of motor vehicles on the importance of sharing the road safely with motorcyclists.’’. 
(f) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR STATE GRAD-
UATED DRIVER LICENSING INCENTIVE GRANT 
PROGRAM .—Section 405(g) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘21’’ and 
inserting ‘‘18’’; and 
(B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) L
ICENSING PROCESS .—A State is in com-
pliance with the 2-stage licensing process de-scribed in this subparagraph if the State’s driv-er’s license laws include— 
‘‘(i) a learner’s permit stage that— ‘‘(I) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(II) contains a prohibition on the driver 
using a personal wireless communications device (as defined in subsection (e)) while driving ex-
cept under an exception permitted under para-graph (4) of that subsection, and makes a viola-tion of the prohibition a primary offense; 
‘‘(III) requires applicants to successfully pass 
a vision and knowledge assessment prior to re-ceiving a learner’s permit; 
‘‘(IV) requires that the driver be accompanied 
and supervised at all times while the driver is operating a motor vehicle by a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age or is a State-cer-tified driving instructor; 
‘‘(V) has a requirement that the driver— ‘‘(aa) complete a State-certified driver edu-
cation or training course; or 
‘‘(bb) obtain at least 50 hours of behind-the- 
wheel training, with at least 10 hours at night, with a licensed driver; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver— ‘‘(aa) reaches 16 years of age and enters the 
intermediate stage; or 
‘‘(bb) reaches 18 years of age; ‘‘(ii) an intermediate stage that— ‘‘(I) commences immediately after the expira-
tion of the learner’s permit stage and successful completion of a driving skills assessment; 
‘‘(II) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(III) prohibits the driver from using a per-
sonal wireless communications device (as de-fined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under paragraph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a primary offense; 
‘‘(IV) for the first 6 months of the inter-
mediate stage, restricts driving at night between the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. when not supervised by a licensed driver 21 years of age or older, excluding transportation to work, school, religious activities, or emergencies; 
‘‘(V) prohibits the driver from operating a 
motor vehicle with more than 1 nonfamilial pas-senger younger than 21 years of age unless a li-censed driver who is at least 21 years of age is in the motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver 
reaches 17 years of age; and 
‘‘(iii) learner’s permit and intermediate stages 
that each require, in addition to any other pen-alties imposed by State law, that the granting of an unrestricted driver’s license be automatically delayed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit or intermediate stage, is con-victed of a driving-related offense during the first 6 months, including— 
‘‘(I) driving while intoxicated; ‘‘(II) misrepresentation of the individual’s 
age; 
‘‘(III) reckless driving; ‘‘(IV) driving without wearing a seat belt; ‘‘(V) speeding; or ‘‘(VI) any other driving-related offense, as de-
termined by the Secretary.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (5), up to 100 percent of grant funds re-ceived by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402, if the State is in the lowest 25 per-cent of all States for the number of drivers under age 18 involved in fatal crashes in the State per the total number of drivers under age 18 in the State based on the most recent data that conforms with criteria established by the Secretary.’’. 
(g) N
ONMOTORIZED SAFETY .—Section 405 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) N
ONMOTORIZED SAFETY .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to the re-
quirements under this subsection, the Secretary shall award grants to States for the purpose of decreasing pedestrian and bicycle fatalities and injuries that result from crashes involving a motor vehicle. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project carried out by a State using amounts from a grant awarded under this sub-section may not exceed 80 percent. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY .—A State shall receive a 
grant under this subsection in a fiscal year if the annual combined pedestrian and bicycle fa-talities in the State exceed 15 percent of the total annual crash fatalities in the State, based on the most recently reported final data from the Fatality Analysis Reporting System. 
‘‘(4) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .—Grant funds 
received by a State under this subsection may be used for— 
‘‘(A) training of law enforcement officials on 
State laws applicable to pedestrian and bicycle safety; 
‘‘(B) enforcement mobilizations and cam-
paigns designed to enforce State traffic laws ap-plicable to pedestrian and bicycle safety; and 
‘‘(C) public education and awareness pro-
grams designed to inform motorists, pedestrians, and bicyclists of State traffic laws applicable to pedestrian and bicycle safety. 
‘‘(5) G
RANT AMOUNT .—The allocation of grant 
funds to a State under this subsection for a fis-cal year shall be in proportion to the State’s ap-portionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009.’’. 
SEC. 4006. TRACKING PROCESS. 
Section 412 of title 23, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) T RACKING PROCESS .—The Secretary shall 
develop a process to identify and mitigate pos-sible systemic issues across States and regional offices by reviewing oversight findings and rec-ommended actions identified in triennial State management reviews.’’. 
SEC. 4007. STOP MOTORCYCLE CHECKPOINT 
FUNDING. 
Notwithstanding section 153 of title 23, United 
States Code, the Secretary may not provide a grant or any funds to a State, county, town, township, Indian tribe, municipality, or other local government that may be used for any pro-gram— 
(1) to check helmet usage; or (2) to create checkpoints that specifically tar-
get motorcycle operators or motorcycle pas-sengers. 
SEC. 4008. MARIJUANA-IMPAIRED DRIVING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary, in consultation 
with the heads of other Federal agencies as ap-propriate, shall conduct a study on marijuana- impaired driving. 
(b) I
SSUES TOBEEXAMINED .—In conducting 
the study, the Secretary shall examine, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Methods to detect marijuana-impaired 
driving, including devices capable of measuring marijuana levels in motor vehicle operators. 
(2) A review of impairment standard research 
for driving under the influence of marijuana. 
(3) Methods to differentiate the cause of a 
driving impairment between alcohol and mari-juana. 
(4) State-based policies on marijuana-impaired 
driving. 
(5) The role and extent of marijuana impair-
ment in motor vehicle accidents. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate a report on the results of the study. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include, at a 
minimum, the following: 
(A) F INDINGS .—The findings of the Secretary 
based on the study, including, at a minimum, the following: 
(i) An assessment of methodologies and tech-
nologies for measuring driver impairment result-ing from the use of marijuana, including the use of marijuana in combination with alcohol. 
(ii) A description and assessment of the role of 
marijuana as a causal factor in traffic crashes and the extent of the problem of marijuana-im-paired driving. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8731 December 1, 2015 
(iii) A description and assessment of current 
State laws relating to marijuana-impaired driv-ing. 
(iv) A determination whether an impairment 
standard for drivers under the influence of marijuana is feasible and could reduce vehicle accidents and save lives. 
(B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The recommenda-
tions of the Secretary based on the study, in-cluding, at a minimum, the following: 
(i) Effective and efficient methods for training 
law enforcement personnel, including drug rec-ognition experts, to detect or measure the level of impairment of a motor vehicle operator who is under the influence of marijuana by the use of technology or otherwise. 
(ii) If feasible, an impairment standard for 
driving under the influence of marijuana. 
(iii) Methodologies for increased data collec-
tion regarding the prevalence and effects of marijuana-impaired driving. 
(d) M
ARIJUANA DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘marijuana’’ includes all substances con-taining tetrahydrocannabinol. 
SEC. 4009. INCREASING PUBLIC AWARENESS OF 
THE DANGERS OF DRUG-IMPAIRED DRIVING. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—The Administrator 
of the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration, in consultation with the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, State highway safety offices, and other interested parties, as determined by the Administrator, shall identify and carry out additional actions that should be undertaken by the Administra-tion to assist States in their efforts to increase public awareness of the dangers of drug-im-paired driving, including the dangers of driving while under the influence of heroin or prescrip-tion opioids. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port that describes the additional actions under-taken by the Administration pursuant to sub-section (a). 
SEC. 4010. NATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PRO-
GRAM GRANT ELIGIBILITY. 
Not later than 60 days after the date on which 
the Secretary awards grants under section 405 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall make available on a publicly available Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation— 
(1) an identification of— (A) the States that were awarded grants 
under such section; 
(B) the States that applied and were not 
awarded grants under such section; and 
(C) the States that did not apply for a grant 
under such section; and 
(2) a list of deficiencies that made a State in-
eligible for a grant under such section for each State under paragraph (1)(B). 
SEC. 4011. DATA COLLECTION. 
Section 1906 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 
note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(A) has enacted’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘(B) is maintaining’’ and in-serting ‘‘is maintaining’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and any passengers’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS.—A grant received 
by a State under subsection (a) shall be used by the State for the costs of— 
‘‘(1) collecting and maintaining data on traf-
fic stops; and 
‘‘(2) evaluating the results of the data.’’; (3) by striking subsection (c) and redesig-
nating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (c)(2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘A State’’ and inserting ‘‘On or after October 1, 2015, a State’’; and (5) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— 
(A) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘A
U-
THORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ’’ and inserting 
‘‘FUNDING ’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds made available 
under section 403 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall set aside $7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020 to carry out this section.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘authorized by’’ and inserting 
‘‘made available under’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘percent,’’ and all that follows 
through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘percent.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) O
THER USES .—The Secretary may reallo-
cate, before the last day of any fiscal year, amounts remaining available under paragraph (1) to increase the amounts made available to carry out any of other activities authorized under section 403 of title 23, United States Code, in order to ensure, to the maximum extent pos-sible, that all such amounts are obligated during such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 4012. STUDY ON THE NATIONAL ROADSIDE 
SURVEY OF ALCOHOL AND DRUG USE BY DRIVERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date on 
which the Comptroller General of the United States reviews and reports on the overall value of the National Roadside Survey to researchers and other public safety stakeholders, the dif-ferences between a National Roadside Survey site and typical law enforcement checkpoints, and the effectiveness of the National Roadside Survey methodology at protecting the privacy of the driving public, as requested by the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate on June 5, 2014 (Senate Report 113–182), the Secretary shall report to Congress on the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration’s progress to-ward reviewing that report and implementing any recommendations made in that report. 
SEC. 4013. BARRIERS TO DATA COLLECTION RE-
PORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that— 
(1) identifies any legal and technical barriers 
to capturing adequate data on the prevalence of the use of wireless communications devices while driving; and 
(2) provides recommendations on how to ad-
dress such barriers. 
SEC. 4014. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
Title 23, United States Code, is amended as 
follows: 
(1) Section 402 is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘para-
graph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘in which’’ and inserting ‘‘for 
which’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘under subsection (f)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under subsection (k)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (k)(5), as redesignated by 
this Act, by striking ‘‘under paragraph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (3)(A)’’. 
(2) Section 403(e) is amended by striking 
‘‘chapter 301’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 301 of title 49’’. 
(3) Section 405 is amended— (A) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘under section 
402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 402’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (6)(D), as redesignated by 
this Act, by striking ‘‘on the basis of the appor-tionment formula set forth in section 402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘in proportion to the State’s ap-
portionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(4)(A)(iv)— (i) by striking ‘‘such as the’’ and inserting 
‘‘including’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘developed under subsection 
(g)’’. 
SEC. 4015. EFFECTIVE DATE FOR CERTAIN PRO-
GRAMS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Act, except for the technical corrections in sec-tion 4014, the amendments made by this Act to sections 164, 402, and 405 of title 23, United States Code, shall be effective on October 1, 2016. 
TITLE V—MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
SEC. 5101. GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 31102 of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31102. Motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall administer a motor carrier safety as-sistance program funded under section 31104. 
‘‘(b) G
OAL.—The goal of the program is to en-
sure that the Secretary, States, local govern-ments, other political jurisdictions, federally recognized Indian tribes, and other persons work in partnership to establish programs to im-prove motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety to support a safe and efficient surface transportation system by— 
‘‘(1) making targeted investments to promote 
safe commercial motor vehicle transportation, including the transportation of passengers and hazardous materials; 
‘‘(2) investing in activities likely to generate 
maximum reductions in the number and severity of commercial motor vehicle crashes and in fa-talities resulting from such crashes; 
‘‘(3) adopting and enforcing effective motor 
carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety regulations and practices consistent with Federal requirements; and 
‘‘(4) assessing and improving statewide per-
formance by setting program goals and meeting performance standards, measures, and bench-marks. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE PLANS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Secretary shall prescribe procedures for a State to submit a multiple-year plan, and annual updates thereto, under which the State agrees to assume responsibility for improving motor carrier safety by adopting and enforcing State regulations, standards, and orders that are compatible with the regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government on com-mercial motor vehicle safety and hazardous ma-terials transportation safety. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall approve 
a State plan if the Secretary determines that the plan is adequate to comply with the require-ments of this section, and the plan— 
‘‘(A) implements performance-based activities, 
including deployment and maintenance of tech-nology to enhance the efficiency and effective-ness of commercial motor vehicle safety pro-grams; 
‘‘(B) designates a lead State commercial motor 
vehicle safety agency responsible for admin-istering the plan throughout the State; 
‘‘(C) contains satisfactory assurances that the 
lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agen-cy has or will have the legal authority, re-sources, and qualified personnel necessary to enforce the regulations, standards, and orders; 
‘‘(D) contains satisfactory assurances that the 
State will devote adequate resources to the ad-ministration of the plan and enforcement of the regulations, standards, and orders; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8732 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(E) provides a right of entry (or other meth-
od a State may use that the Secretary deter-mines is adequate to obtain necessary informa-tion) and inspection to carry out the plan; 
‘‘(F) provides that all reports required under 
this section be available to the Secretary on re-quest; 
‘‘(G) provides that the lead State commercial 
motor vehicle safety agency will adopt the re-porting requirements and use the forms for rec-ordkeeping, inspections, and investigations that the Secretary prescribes; 
‘‘(H) requires all registrants of commercial 
motor vehicles to demonstrate knowledge of ap-plicable safety regulations, standards, and or-ders of the Federal Government and the State; 
‘‘(I) provides that the State will grant max-
imum reciprocity for inspections conducted under the North American Inspection Standards through the use of a nationally accepted system that allows ready identification of previously inspected commercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(J) ensures that activities described in sub-
section (h), if financed through grants to the State made under this section, will not diminish the effectiveness of the development and imple-mentation of the programs to improve motor car-rier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety as described in subsection (b); 
‘‘(K) ensures that the lead State commercial 
motor vehicle safety agency will coordinate the plan, data collection, and information systems with the State highway safety improvement pro-gram required under section 148(c) of title 23; 
‘‘(L) ensures participation in appropriate Fed-
eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration infor-mation technology and data systems and other information systems by all appropriate jurisdic-tions receiving motor carrier safety assistance program funding; 
‘‘(M) ensures that information is exchanged 
among the States in a timely manner; 
‘‘(N) provides satisfactory assurances that the 
State will undertake efforts that will emphasize and improve enforcement of State and local traf-fic safety laws and regulations related to com-mercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(O) provides satisfactory assurances that the 
State will address national priorities and per-formance goals, including— 
‘‘(i) activities aimed at removing impaired 
commercial motor vehicle drivers from the high-ways of the United States through adequate en-forcement of regulations on the use of alcohol and controlled substances and by ensuring ready roadside access to alcohol detection and measuring equipment; 
‘‘(ii) activities aimed at providing an appro-
priate level of training to State motor carrier safety assistance program officers and employ-ees on recognizing drivers impaired by alcohol or controlled substances; and 
‘‘(iii) when conducted with an appropriate 
commercial motor vehicle inspection, criminal interdiction activities, and appropriate strate-gies for carrying out those interdiction activi-ties, including interdiction activities that affect the transportation of controlled substances (as defined in section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 802) and listed in part 1308 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as updated and re-published from time to time) by any occupant of a commercial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(P) provides that the State has established 
and dedicated sufficient resources to a program to ensure that— 
‘‘(i) the State collects and reports to the Sec-
retary accurate, complete, and timely motor car-rier safety data; and 
‘‘(ii) the State participates in a national motor 
carrier safety data correction system prescribed by the Secretary; 
‘‘(Q) ensures that the State will cooperate in 
the enforcement of financial responsibility re-quirements under sections 13906, 31138, and 31139 and regulations issued under those sec-tions; ‘‘(R) ensures consistent, effective, and reason-
able sanctions; 
‘‘(S) ensures that roadside inspections will be 
conducted at locations that are adequate to pro-tect the safety of drivers and enforcement per-sonnel; 
‘‘(T) provides that the State will include in 
the training manuals for the licensing examina-tion to drive noncommercial motor vehicles and commercial motor vehicles information on best practices for driving safely in the vicinity of noncommercial and commercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(U) provides that the State will enforce the 
registration requirements of sections 13902 and 31134 by prohibiting the operation of any vehicle discovered to be operated by a motor carrier without a registration issued under those sec-tions or to be operated beyond the scope of the motor carrier’s registration; 
‘‘(V) provides that the State will conduct com-
prehensive and highly visible traffic enforce-ment and commercial motor vehicle safety in-spection programs in high-risk locations and corridors; 
‘‘(W) except in the case of an imminent haz-
ard or obvious safety hazard, ensures that an inspection of a vehicle transporting passengers for a motor carrier of passengers is conducted at a bus station, terminal, border crossing, mainte-nance facility, destination, or other location where a motor carrier may make a planned stop (excluding a weigh station); 
‘‘(X) ensures that the State will transmit to its 
roadside inspectors notice of each Federal ex-emption granted under section 31315(b) of this title and sections 390.23 and 390.25 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and provided to the State by the Secretary, including the name of the person that received the exemption and any terms and conditions that apply to the ex-emption; 
‘‘(Y) except as provided in subsection (d), pro-
vides that the State— 
‘‘(i) will conduct safety audits of interstate 
and, at the State’s discretion, intrastate new en-trant motor carriers under section 31144(g); and 
‘‘(ii) if the State authorizes a third party to 
conduct safety audits under section 31144(g) on its behalf, the State verifies the quality of the work conducted and remains solely responsible for the management and oversight of the activi-ties; 
‘‘(Z) provides that the State agrees to fully 
participate in the performance and registration information systems management under section 31106(b) not later than October 1, 2020, by com-plying with the conditions for participation under paragraph (3) of that section, or dem-onstrates to the Secretary an alternative ap-proach for identifying and immobilizing a motor carrier with serious safety deficiencies in a man-ner that provides an equivalent level of safety; 
‘‘(AA) in the case of a State that shares a 
land border with another country, provides that the State— 
‘‘(i) will conduct a border commercial motor 
vehicle safety program focusing on international commerce that includes enforcement and related projects; or 
‘‘(ii) will forfeit all funds calculated by the 
Secretary based on border-related activities if the State declines to conduct the program de-scribed in clause (i) in its plan; and 
‘‘(BB) in the case of a State that meets the 
other requirements of this section and agrees to comply with the requirements established in subsection (l)(3), provides that the State may fund operation and maintenance costs associ-ated with innovative technology deployment under subsection (l)(3) with motor carrier safety assistance program funds authorized under sec-tion 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall publish each approved State multiple-year plan, and each annual up-date thereto, on a publically accessible Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation not later than 30 days after the date the Sec-
retary approves the plan or update. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Before publishing an ap-
proved State multiple-year plan or annual up-date under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall redact any information identified by the State that, if disclosed— 
‘‘(i) would reasonably be expected to interfere 
with enforcement proceedings; or 
‘‘(ii) would reveal enforcement techniques or 
procedures that would reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law. 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF U.S. T ERRITORIES .—The 
requirement that a State conduct safety audits of new entrant motor carriers under subsection (c)(2)(Y) does not apply to a territory of the United States unless required by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) I
NTRASTATE COMPATIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary shall prescribe regulations specifying tol-erance guidelines and standards for ensuring compatibility of intrastate commercial motor ve-hicle safety laws, including regulations, with Federal motor carrier safety regulations to be enforced under subsections (b) and (c). To the extent practicable, the guidelines and standards shall allow for maximum flexibility while ensur-ing a degree of uniformity that will not diminish motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) B ASELINE .—Except as provided under 
paragraphs (2) and (3) and in accordance with section 5107 of the FAST Act, a State plan under subsection (c) shall provide that the total ex-penditure of amounts of the lead State commer-cial motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan will be maintained at a level each fiscal year that is at least equal to— 
‘‘(A) the average level of that expenditure for 
fiscal years 2004 and 2005; or 
‘‘(B) the level of that expenditure for the year 
in which the Secretary implements a new alloca-tion formula under section 5106 of the FAST Act. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTED BASELINE AFTER FISCAL YEAR  
2017.—At the request of a State, the Secretary 
may evaluate additional documentation related to the maintenance of effort and may make rea-sonable adjustments to the maintenance of ef-fort baseline after the year in which the Sec-retary implements a new allocation formula under section 5106 of the FAST Act, and this ad-justed baseline will replace the maintenance of effort requirement under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .—At the request of a State, the 
Secretary may waive or modify the requirements of this subsection for a total of 1 fiscal year if the Secretary determines that the waiver or modification is reasonable, based on cir-cumstances described by the State, to ensure the continuation of commercial motor vehicle en-forcement activities in the State. 
‘‘(4) L
EVEL OF STATE EXPENDITURES .—In esti-
mating the average level of a State’s expendi-tures under paragraph (1), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) may allow the State to exclude State ex-
penditures for federally sponsored demonstra-tion and pilot programs and strike forces; 
‘‘(B) may allow the State to exclude expendi-
tures for activities related to border enforcement and new entrant safety audits; and 
‘‘(C) shall require the State to exclude State 
matching amounts used to receive Federal fi-nancing under section 31104. 
‘‘(g) U
SE OF UNIFIED CARRIER REGISTRATION  
FEESAGREEMENT .—Amounts generated under 
section 14504a and received by a State and used for motor carrier safety purposes may be in-cluded as part of the State’s match required under section 31104 or maintenance of effort re-quired by subsection (f). 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF GRANTS TOENFORCE OTHER 
LAWS.—When approved as part of a State’s plan 
under subsection (c), the State may use motor carrier safety assistance program funds received under this section— 
‘‘(1) if the activities are carried out in con-
junction with an appropriate inspection of a commercial motor vehicle to enforce Federal or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8733 December 1, 2015 
State commercial motor vehicle safety regula-
tions, for— 
‘‘(A) enforcement of commercial motor vehicle 
size and weight limitations at locations, exclud-ing fixed-weight facilities, such as near steep grades or mountainous terrains, where the weight of a commercial motor vehicle can sig-nificantly affect the safe operation of the vehi-cle, or at ports where intermodal shipping con-tainers enter and leave the United States; and 
‘‘(B) detection of and enforcement actions 
taken as a result of criminal activity, including the trafficking of human beings, in a commer-cial motor vehicle or by any occupant, including the operator, of the commercial motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(2) for documented enforcement of State traf-
fic laws and regulations designed to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, in-cluding documented enforcement of such laws and regulations relating to noncommercial motor vehicles when necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, if— 
‘‘(A) the number of motor carrier safety activi-
ties, including roadside safety inspections, con-ducted in the State is maintained at a level at least equal to the average level of such activities conducted in the State in fiscal years 2004 and 2005; and 
‘‘(B) the State does not use more than 10 per-
cent of the basic amount the State receives under a grant awarded under section 31104(a)(1) for enforcement activities relating to non-commercial motor vehicles necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles unless the Secretary determines that a higher percentage will result in significant increases in commercial motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(i) E
VALUATION OF PLANS AND AWARD OF  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) A WARDS .—The Secretary shall establish 
criteria for the application, evaluation, and ap-proval of State plans under this section. Subject to subsection (j), the Secretary may allocate the amounts made available under section 31104(a)(1) among the States. 
‘‘(2) O
PPORTUNITY TO CURE .—If the Secretary 
disapproves a plan under this section, the Sec-retary shall give the State a written explanation of the reasons for disapproval and allow the State to modify and resubmit the plan for ap-proval. 
‘‘(j) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, by regula-
tion, shall prescribe allocation criteria for funds made available under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL ALLOCATIONS .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon as practicable there-after, and after making a deduction under sec-tion 31104(c), the Secretary shall allocate amounts made available under section 31104(a)(1) to carry out this section for the fiscal year among the States with plans approved under this section in accordance with the cri-teria prescribed under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) E
LECTIVE ADJUSTMENTS .—Subject to the 
availability of funding and notwithstanding fluctuations in the data elements used by the Secretary to calculate the annual allocation amounts, after the creation of a new allocation formula under section 5106 of the FAST Act, the Secretary may not make elective adjustments to the allocation formula that decrease a State’s Federal funding levels by more than 3 percent in a fiscal year. The 3 percent limit shall not apply to the withholding provisions of subsection (k). 
‘‘(k) P
LANMONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On the basis of reports sub-
mitted by the lead State agency responsible for administering a State plan approved under this section and an investigation by the Secretary, the Secretary shall periodically evaluate State implementation of and compliance with the State plan. 
‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) D ISAPPROVAL .—If, after notice and an 
opportunity to be heard, the Secretary finds that a State plan previously approved under this section is not being followed or has become 
inadequate to ensure enforcement of State regu-lations, standards, or orders described in sub-section (c)(1), or the State is otherwise not in compliance with the requirements of this sec-tion, the Secretary may withdraw approval of the State plan and notify the State. Upon the receipt of such notice, the State plan shall no longer be in effect and the Secretary shall with-hold all funding to the State under this section. 
‘‘(B) N
ONCOMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING .—In lieu 
of withdrawing approval of a State plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may, after pro-viding notice to the State and an opportunity to be heard, withhold funding from the State to which the State would otherwise be entitled under this section for the period of the State’s noncompliance. In exercising this option, the Secretary may withhold— 
‘‘(i) up to 5 percent of funds during the fiscal 
year that the Secretary notifies the State of its noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) up to 10 percent of funds for the first full 
fiscal year of noncompliance; 
‘‘(iii) up to 25 percent of funds for the second 
full fiscal year of noncompliance; and 
‘‘(iv) not more than 50 percent of funds for the 
third and any subsequent full fiscal year of noncompliance. 
‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A State adversely af-
fected by a determination under paragraph (2) may seek judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5. Notwithstanding the disapproval of a State plan under paragraph (2)(A) or the withholding of funds under paragraph (2)(B), the State may retain jurisdiction in an administrative or a ju-dicial proceeding that commenced before the no-tice of disapproval or withholding if the issues involved are not related directly to the reasons for the disapproval or withholding. 
‘‘(l) H
IGHPRIORITY PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-
ister a high priority program funded under sec-tion 31104(a)(2) for the purposes described in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES RELATED TO MOTOR CARRIER  
SAFETY .—The Secretary may make discretionary 
grants to and enter into cooperative agreements with States, local governments, federally recog-nized Indian tribes, other political jurisdictions as necessary, and any person to carry out high priority activities and projects that augment motor carrier safety activities and projects planned in accordance with subsections (b) and (c), including activities and projects that— 
‘‘(A) increase public awareness and education 
on commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(B) target unsafe driving of commercial 
motor vehicles and noncommercial motor vehi-cles in areas identified as high risk crash cor-ridors; 
‘‘(C) improve the safe and secure movement of 
hazardous materials; 
‘‘(D) improve safe transportation of goods and 
persons in foreign commerce; 
‘‘(E) demonstrate new technologies to improve 
commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(F) support participation in performance and 
registration information systems management under section 31106(b)— 
‘‘(i) for entities not responsible for submitting 
the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) for entities responsible for submitting the 
plan under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(I) before October 1, 2020, to achieve compli-
ance with the requirements of participation; and 
‘‘(II) beginning on October 1, 2020, or once 
compliance is achieved, whichever is sooner, for special initiatives or projects that exceed routine operations required for participation; 
‘‘(G) conduct safety data improvement 
projects— 
‘‘(i) that complete or exceed the requirements 
under subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities not re-sponsible for submitting the plan under sub-section (c); or 
‘‘(ii) that exceed the requirements under sub-
section (c)(2)(P) for entities responsible for sub-mitting the plan under subsection (c); and ‘‘(H) otherwise improve commercial motor ve-
hicle safety and compliance with commercial motor vehicle safety regulations. 
‘‘(3) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish an innovative technology deployment grant program to make discretionary grants to eligible States for the innovative technology deployment of commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the program 
shall be— 
‘‘(i) to advance the technological capability 
and promote the deployment of intelligent trans-portation system applications for commercial motor vehicle operations, including commercial motor vehicle, commercial driver, and carrier- specific information systems and networks; and 
‘‘(ii) to support and maintain commercial 
motor vehicle information systems and net-works— 
‘‘(I) to link Federal motor carrier safety infor-
mation systems with State commercial motor ve-hicle systems; 
‘‘(II) to improve the safety and productivity of 
commercial motor vehicles and drivers; and 
‘‘(III) to reduce costs associated with commer-
cial motor vehicle operations and Federal and State commercial motor vehicle regulatory re-quirements. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this paragraph, a State shall— 
‘‘(i) have a commercial motor vehicle informa-
tion systems and networks program plan ap-proved by the Secretary that describes the var-ious systems and networks at the State level that need to be refined, revised, upgraded, or built to accomplish deployment of commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks capabilities; 
‘‘(ii) certify to the Secretary that its commer-
cial motor vehicle information systems and net-works deployment activities, including hard-ware procurement, software and system develop-ment, and infrastructure modifications— 
‘‘(I) are consistent with the national intel-
ligent transportation systems and commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks architectures and available standards; and 
‘‘(II) promote interoperability and efficiency 
to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(iii) agree to execute interoperability tests de-
veloped by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration to verify that its systems conform with the national intelligent transportation sys-tems architecture, applicable standards, and protocols for commercial motor vehicle informa-tion systems and networks. 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds received 
under this paragraph may be used— 
‘‘(i) for deployment activities and activities to 
develop new and innovative advanced tech-nology solutions that support commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks; 
‘‘(ii) for planning activities, including the de-
velopment or updating of program or top level design plans in order to become eligible or main-tain eligibility under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(iii) for the operation and maintenance costs 
associated with innovative technology. 
‘‘(E) S
ECRETARY AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to award a State funding for the operation and maintenance costs associ-ated with innovative technology deployment with funds made available under sections 31104(a)(1) and 31104(a)(2).’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 31103 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 31103. Commercial motor vehicle operators 
grant program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-
ister a commercial motor vehicle operators grant program funded under section 31104. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8734 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(b) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the grant pro-
gram is to train individuals in the safe oper-ation of commercial motor vehicles (as defined in section 31301). 
‘‘(c) V
ETERANS .—In administering grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall award priority to grant applications for programs to train former members of the armed forces (as de-fined in section 101 of title 10) in the safe oper-ation of such vehicles.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended on the effective date set forth in subsection (f) to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31104. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS .—The 
following sums are authorized to be appro-priated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
‘‘(1) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE PRO -
GRAM .—Subject to paragraph (2) and subsection 
(c), to carry out section 31102 (except subsection (l))— 
‘‘(A) $292,600,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $298,900,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $304,300,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(D) $308,700,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(2) H
IGH PRIORITY ACTIVITIES PROGRAM .— 
Subject to subsection (c), to carry out section 31102(l)— 
‘‘(A) $42,200,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $43,100,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $44,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(D) $44,900,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—To carry out section 31103— 
‘‘(A) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(D) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPLEMENTATION PROGRAM .—Subject to sub-
section (c), to carry out section 31313— 
‘‘(A) $31,200,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $31,800,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $32,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(D) $33,200,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(b) R
EIMBURSEMENT AND PAYMENT TO RE-
CIPIENTS FOR GOVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made available 
under subsection (a) shall be used to reimburse financial assistance recipients proportionally for the Federal Government’s share of the costs in-curred. 
‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT AMOUNTS .—The Sec-
retary shall reimburse a recipient, in accordance with a financial assistance agreement made under section 31102, 31103, or 31313, an amount that is at least 85 percent of the costs incurred by the recipient in a fiscal year in developing and implementing programs under such sections. The Secretary shall pay the recipient an amount not more than the Federal Government share of the total costs approved by the Federal Govern-ment in the financial assistance agreement. The Secretary shall include a recipient’s in-kind contributions in determining the reimbursement. 
‘‘(3) V
OUCHERS .—Each recipient shall submit 
vouchers at least quarterly for costs the recipi-ent incurs in developing and implementing pro-grams under sections 31102, 31103, and 31313. 
‘‘(c) D
EDUCTIONS FOR PARTNER TRAINING AND  
PROGRAM SUPPORT .—On October 1 of each fiscal 
year, or as soon after that date as practicable, the Secretary may deduct from amounts made available under paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) of subsection (a) for that fiscal year not more than 1.50 percent of those amounts for partner train-ing and program support in that fiscal year. The Secretary shall use at least 75 percent of those deducted amounts to train non-Federal Government employees and to develop related training materials in carrying out such pro-grams. 
‘‘(d) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
ASCONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS .—The approval of a financial assistance agreement by the Sec-
retary under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 is a contractual obligation of the Federal Govern-ment for payment of the Federal Government’s share of costs in carrying out the provisions of the grant or cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
shall establish criteria for eligible activities to be funded with financial assistance agreements under this section and publish those criteria in a notice of funding availability before the finan-cial assistance program application period. 
‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY OF FINANCIAL  
ASSISTANCE AGREEMENT FUNDS FOR RECIPIENT  
EXPENDITURES .—The period of availability for a 
recipient to expend funds under a grant or coop-erative agreement authorized under subsection (a) is as follows: 
‘‘(1) For grants made for carrying out section 
31102, other than section 31102(l), for the fiscal year in which the Secretary approves the finan-cial assistance agreement and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) For grants made or cooperative agree-
ments entered into for carrying out section 31102(l)(2), for the fiscal year in which the Sec-retary approves the financial assistance agree-ment and for the next 2 fiscal years. 
‘‘(3) For grants made for carrying out section 
31102(l)(3), for the fiscal year in which the Sec-retary approves the financial assistance agree-ment and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(4) For grants made for carrying out section 
31103, for the fiscal year in which the Secretary approves the financial assistance agreement and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(5) For grants made or cooperative agree-
ments entered into for carrying out section 31313, for the fiscal year in which the Secretary approves the financial assistance agreement and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from the 
Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) by this section shall be avail-able for obligation on the date of their appor-tionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fis-cal year for which they are authorized, which-ever occurs first. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDING .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(i) R
EALLOCATION .—Amounts not expended 
by a recipient during the period of availability shall be released back to the Secretary for re-allocation for any purpose under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 or this section to ensure, to the maximum extent possible, that all such amounts are obligated.’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 31102, 31103, and 31104 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31102. Motor carrier safety assistance program. 
‘‘31103. Commercial motor vehicle operators 
grant program. 
‘‘31104. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S AFETY FITNESS OF OWNERS AND OPERATOR ; 
SAFETY REVIEWS OF NEW OPERATORS .—Section 
31144(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
(2) I
NFORMATION SYSTEMS ; PERFORMANCE AND  
REGISTRATION INFORMATION PROGRAM .—Section 
31106(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (4). 
(3) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
31107 of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 311 of that title, are repealed. 
(4) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFORMA -
TION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT .—Section 31109 of 
title 49, United States Code, and the item relat-ing to that section in the analysis for chapter 311 of that title, are repealed. 
(5) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—Section 4126 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note), and the 
item relating to that section in the table of con-tents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
(6) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4128 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
(7) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134 of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of con-tents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
(8) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AS CONDITION ON  
GRANTS TO STATES .—Section 103(c) of the Motor 
Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(9) S
TATE COMPLIANCE WITH CDL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 103(e) of the Motor Carrier 
Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(10) B
ORDER STAFFING STANDARDS .—Section 
218(d) of the Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31133 note) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘section 
31104(f)(2)(B) of title 49, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3). (11) W
INTER HOME HEATING OIL DELIVERY  
STATE FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .—Section 346 of the 
National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 (49 U.S.C. 31166 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
(g) T
RANSITION .—Notwithstanding the amend-
ments made by this section, the Secretary shall carry out sections 31102, 31103, and 31104 of title 49, United States Code, and any sections re-pealed under subsection (e), as necessary, as those sections were in effect on the day before October 1, 2016, with respect to applications for grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts under those sections submitted before October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 5102. PERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION IN-
FORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGE-MENT. 
Section 31106(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘P
ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S YSTEMS  
MANAGEMENT ’’. 
SEC. 5103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 311 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 31110. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—There is au-
thorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for the Secretary of Transportation to pay administrative expenses of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration— 
‘‘(1) $267,400,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $277,200,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $283,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $284,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(5) $288,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—The funds authorized by 
this section shall be used for— 
‘‘(1) personnel costs; ‘‘(2) administrative infrastructure; ‘‘(3) rent; ‘‘(4) information technology; ‘‘(5) programs for research and technology, in-
formation management, regulatory development, and the administration of performance and reg-istration information systems management under section 31106(b); 
‘‘(6) programs for outreach and education 
under subsection (c); 
‘‘(7) other operating expenses; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8735 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(8) conducting safety reviews of new opera-
tors; and 
‘‘(9) such other expenses as may from time to 
time become necessary to implement statutory mandates of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration not funded from other sources. 
‘‘(c) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-
duct, through any combination of grants, con-tracts, cooperative agreements, and other activi-ties, an internal and external outreach and edu-cation program to be administered by the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
an outreach and education project for which a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement is made under this subsection may be up to 100 percent of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—From amounts made available 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make available not more than $4,000,000 each fiscal year to carry out this subsection. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from the 
Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) by this section shall be avail-able for obligation on the date of their appor-tionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fis-cal year for which they are authorized, which-ever occurs first. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY .—Amounts made 
available under this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(f) C
ONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION .—The ap-
proval of funds by the Secretary under this sec-tion is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Federal Govern-ment’s share of costs.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the items relat-ing to subchapter I the following: 
‘‘31110. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ; AUTHORIZATION  
OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 31104 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (i); and (B) by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) as 
subsections (i) and (j), respectively. 
(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER  
SUBSECTION (i).—Section 4116(d) of SAFETEA– 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31104 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 31104(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31110’’. 
(3) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—Section 
31161 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 31104(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31110’’. 
(4) SAFETEA–LU; 
OUTREACH AND EDU -
CATION .—Section 4127 of SAFETEA–LU (119 
Stat. 1741; Public Law 109–59), and the item re-lating to that section in the table of contents contained in section 1(b) of that Act, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 5104. COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LICENSE PRO-
GRAM IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31313 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 31313. Commercial driver’s license program 
implementation financial assistance pro-gram 
‘‘(a) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall administer a financial assistance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes described in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE  
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—In car-
rying out the program, the Secretary may make a grant to a State agency in a fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) to assist the State in complying with the 
requirements of section 31311; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a State that is making a 
good faith effort toward substantial compliance with the requirements of section 31311, to im-
prove the State’s implementation of its commer-cial driver’s license program, including ex-penses— 
‘‘(i) for computer hardware and software; ‘‘(ii) for publications, testing, personnel, 
training, and quality control; 
‘‘(iii) for commercial driver’s license program 
coordinators; and 
‘‘(iv) to implement or maintain a system to no-
tify an employer of an operator of a commercial motor vehicle of the suspension or revocation of the operator’s commercial driver’s license con-sistent with the standards developed under sec-tion 32303(b) of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhancement Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 31304 note). 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary may 
make a grant to or enter into a cooperative agreement with a State agency, local govern-ment, or any person in a fiscal year for re-search, development and testing, demonstration projects, public education, and other special ac-tivities and projects relating to commercial driv-ers licensing and motor vehicle safety that— 
‘‘(A) benefit all jurisdictions of the United 
States; 
‘‘(B) address national safety concerns and cir-
cumstances; 
‘‘(C) address emerging issues relating to com-
mercial driver’s license improvements; 
‘‘(D) support innovative ideas and solutions to 
commercial driver’s license program issues; or 
‘‘(E) address other commercial driver’s license 
issues, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .—A recipient may not use 
financial assistance funds awarded under this section to rent, lease, or buy land or buildings. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall issue an 
annual report on the activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(d) A
PPORTIONMENT .—All amounts made 
available to carry out this section for a fiscal year shall be apportioned to a recipient de-scribed in subsection (a)(3) according to criteria prescribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING .—For fiscal years beginning 
after September 30, 2016, this section shall be funded under section 31104.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 313 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 31313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31313. Commercial driver’s license program im-
plementation financial assistance program.’’. 
SEC. 5105. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY PROGRAMS FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE PRO-
GRAM GRANT EXTENSION .—Section 31104(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing paragraphs (10) and (11) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(11) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF GRANT PROGRAMS .—Section 
4101(c) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715; Public Law 109–59) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
The following sums are authorized to be appro-priated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—For carrying out the 
commercial driver’s license program improve-ment grants program under section 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—For bor-
der enforcement grants under section 31107 of that title $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—For the performance and registration 
information systems management grant program under section 31109 of that title $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. ‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—For car-
rying out the commercial vehicle information systems and networks deployment program under section 4126 of this Act $25,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016. 
‘‘(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—For 
safety data improvement grants under section 4128 of this Act $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
(c) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(j)(2) of title 49, United States Code, as re-designated by this subtitle, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2015’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘for States,’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 for States,’’. 
(d) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) S
ET ASIDE .—The Secretary shall set aside 
from amounts made available under section 31104(a) up to $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 for audits of new entrant motor carriers conducted under this paragraph.’’. 
(e) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts made available 
under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall make available, $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out this section.’’. 
(f) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4126 of SAFETEA– 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note; 119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109–59) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2) by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘Funds deobligated by the Secretary from previous year grants shall not be counted toward the $2,500,000 maximum aggregate amount for core deployment.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3) by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for plan-ning activities, including the development or up-dating of program or top level design plans.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(4) by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the development or updating of program or top level design plans.’’. 
(2) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
PROGRAM .—For fiscal year 2016, the commercial 
vehicle information systems and networks de-ployment program under section 4126 of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109– 59) may also be referred to as the innovative technology deployment program. 
SEC. 5106. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE 
PROGRAM ALLOCATION. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish a motor carrier safety as-sistance program formula working group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘working group’’). 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the working group shall consist of rep-resentatives of the following: 
(i) The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration. 
(ii) The lead State commercial motor vehicle 
safety agencies responsible for administering the plan required by section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(iii) An organization representing State agen-
cies responsible for enforcing a program for in-spection of commercial motor vehicles. 
(iv) Such other persons as the Secretary con-
siders necessary. 
(B) C
OMPOSITION .—Representatives of State 
commercial motor vehicle safety agencies shall comprise at least 51 percent of the membership. 
(3) N
EW ALLOCATION FORMULA .—The working 
group shall analyze requirements and factors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8736 December 1, 2015 
for the establishment of a new allocation for-
mula for the motor carrier safety assistance pro-gram under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date the working group is established under paragraph (1), the working group shall make a recommendation to the Secretary regard-ing a new allocation formula for the motor car-rier safety assistance program. 
(5) E
XEMPTION .—The Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this sub-section. 
(6) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration— 
(A) detailed summaries of the meetings of the 
working group; and 
(B) the final recommendation of the working 
group provided to the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING .—After 
receiving the recommendation of the working group under subsection (a)(4), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice seeking public comment on the establishment of a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program. 
(c) B
ASIS FOR FORMULA .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program is based on factors that reflect, at a minimum— 
(1) the relative needs of the States to comply 
with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) the relative administrative capacities of 
and challenges faced by States in complying with that section; 
(3) the average of each State’s new entrant 
motor carrier inventory for the 3-year period prior to the date of enactment of this Act; 
(4) the number of international border inspec-
tion facilities and border crossings by commer-cial vehicles in each State; and 
(5) any other factors the Secretary considers 
appropriate. 
(d) F
UNDING AMOUNTS PRIOR TO DEVELOP -
MENT OF NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) I NTERIM FORMULA .—Prior to the develop-
ment of the new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program, the Sec-retary may calculate the interim funding amounts for that program in fiscal year 2017 (and later fiscal years, as necessary) under sec-tion 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, by using the fol-lowing methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall calculate the funding 
amount to a State using the allocation formula the Secretary used to award motor carrier safety assistance program funding in fiscal year 2016 under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(B) The Secretary shall average the funding 
awarded or other equitable amounts to a State in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
(i) border enforcement grants under section 
31107 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(ii) new entrant audit grants under section 
31144(g)(5) of that title. 
(C) The Secretary shall add the amounts cal-
culated in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Subject to the availability 
of funding and notwithstanding fluctuations in the data elements used by the Secretary, the ini-tial amounts resulting from the calculation de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to en-sure that, for each State, the amount shall not be less than 97 percent of the average amount of funding received or other equitable amounts in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
(A) motor carrier safety assistance program 
funds awarded to the State under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(B) border enforcement grants awarded to the 
State under section 31107 of title 49, United States Code; and (C) new entrant audit grants awarded to the 
State under section 31144(g)(5) of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) I
MMEDIATE RELIEF .—On the date of enact-
ment of this Act, and for the 3 fiscal years fol-lowing the implementation of the new allocation formula, the Secretary shall terminate the with-holding of motor carrier safety assistance pro-gram funds from a State if the State was subject to the withholding of such funds for matters of noncompliance immediately prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
(4) F
UTURE WITHHOLDINGS .—Beginning on the 
date that the new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program is imple-mented, the Secretary shall impose all future withholdings in accordance with section 31102(k) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle. 
(e) T
ERMINATION OF WORKING GROUP .—The 
working group established under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date of the implementa-tion of the new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program. 
SEC. 5107. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT CALCULA-
TION. 
(a) B EFORE NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) F ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—If a new allocation for-
mula for the motor carrier safety assistance pro-gram has not been established under this sub-title for fiscal year 2017, the Secretary shall cal-culate for fiscal year 2017 the maintenance of ef-fort baseline required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, by averaging the expenditures for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 required by section 31102(b)(4) of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—The Secretary 
may use the methodology for calculating the maintenance of effort baseline specified in para-graph (1) for fiscal year 2018 and subsequent fis-cal years if a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program has not been established for that fiscal year. 
(b) B
EGINNING WITHNEWALLOCATION FORMA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3)(B), beginning on the date that a new al-location formula for the motor carrier safety as-sistance program is established under this sub-title, upon the request of a State, the Secretary may waive or modify the baseline maintenance of effort required of the State by section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, for the purpose of establishing a new baseline maintenance of effort if the Sec-retary determines that a waiver or modifica-tion— 
(A) is equitable due to reasonable cir-
cumstances; 
(B) will ensure the continuation of commercial 
motor vehicle enforcement activities in the State; and 
(C) is necessary to ensure that the total 
amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under sections 31102 and 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, does not exceed a sum greater than the average of the total amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under those sec-tions for the 3 fiscal years prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT METHODOLOGY .—If requested 
by a State, the Secretary may modify the main-tenance of effort baseline referred to in para-graph (1) for the State according to the fol-lowing methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall establish the mainte-
nance of effort baseline for the State using the average baseline of fiscal years 2004 and 2005, as required by section 31102(b)(4) of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(B) The Secretary shall calculate the average 
required match by a lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency for fiscal years 2013, 
2014, and 2015 for motor carrier safety assistance grants established at 20 percent by section 31103 of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(C) The Secretary shall calculate the esti-
mated match required under section 31104(b) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle. 
(D) The Secretary shall subtract the amount 
in subparagraph (B) from the amount in sub-paragraph (C) and— 
(i) if the number is greater than 0, the Sec-
retary shall subtract the number from the amount in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) if the number is not greater than 0, the 
Secretary shall calculate the maintenance of ef-fort using the methodology in subparagraph (A). 
(3) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the 
amount calculated under paragraph (2) as the baseline maintenance of effort required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—If a State does not request a 
waiver or modification under this subsection be-fore September 30 during the first fiscal year that the Secretary implements a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program under this subtitle, the Secretary shall calculate the maintenance of effort using the methodology described in paragraph (2)(A). 
(4) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT DESCRIBED .—The 
maintenance of effort calculated under this sec-tion is the amount required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle. 
(c) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The au-
thority of the Secretary under this section shall terminate effective on the date that a new main-tenance of effort baseline is calculated based on a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program implemented under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
Subtitle B—Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
Administration Reform 
PART I—REGULATORY REFORM 
SEC. 5201. NOTICE OF CANCELLATION OF INSUR-
ANCE. 
Section 13906(e) of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting ‘‘or suspend’’ after ‘‘re-voke’’. 
SEC. 5202. REGULATIONS. 
Section 31136 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g) and transferring such subsection to appear at the end of section 31315 of such title; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) R
EGULATORY IMPACT ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Within each regulatory im-
pact analysis of a proposed or final major rule issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration, the Secretary shall, whenever practicable— 
‘‘(A) consider the effects of the proposed or 
final rule on different segments of the motor carrier industry; and 
‘‘(B) formulate estimates and findings based 
on the best available science. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE.—To the extent feasible and appro-
priate, and consistent with law, an analysis de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) use data that is representative of com-
mercial motor vehicle operators or motor car-riers, or both, that will be impacted by the pro-posed or final rule; and 
‘‘(B) consider the effects on commercial truck 
and bus carriers of various sizes and types. 
‘‘(g) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a proposed rule under 
this part is likely to lead to the promulgation of a major rule, the Secretary, before publishing such proposed rule, shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8737 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(A) issue an advance notice of proposed rule-
making; or 
‘‘(B) proceed with a negotiated rulemaking. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each advance notice of 
proposed rulemaking issued under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) identify the need for a potential regu-
latory action; 
‘‘(B) identify and request public comment on 
the best available science or technical informa-tion relevant to analyzing potential regulatory alternatives; 
‘‘(C) request public comment on the available 
data and costs with respect to regulatory alter-natives reasonably likely to be considered as part of the rulemaking; and 
‘‘(D) request public comment on available al-
ternatives to regulation. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—This subsection does not apply 
to a proposed rule if the Secretary, for good cause, finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons for such finding in the proposed or final rule) that an advance no-tice of proposed rulemaking is impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest. 
‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (f) or (g) may be construed to limit the contents of an advance notice of proposed rulemaking.’’. 
SEC. 5203. GUIDANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) D ATE OF ISSUANCE AND POINT OF CON -
TACT.—Each guidance document issued by the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall have a date of issuance or a date of revi-sion, as applicable, and shall include the name and contact information of a point of contact at the Administration who can respond to ques-tions regarding the guidance. 
(2) P
UBLIC ACCESSIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each guidance document 
issued or revised by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall be published on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the De-partment on the date of issuance or revision. 
(B) R
EDACTION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration may redact from a guidance document published under subparagraph (A) any information that would reveal investigative techniques that would compromise Administration enforcement efforts. 
(3) I
NCORPORATION INTO REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than 5 years after the date on which a guidance document is published under para-graph (2) or during an applicable review under subsection (c), whichever is earlier, the Sec-retary shall revise regulations to incorporate the guidance document to the extent practicable. 
(4) R
EISSUANCE .—If a guidance document is 
not incorporated into regulations in accordance with paragraph (3), the Administrator shall— 
(A) reissue an updated version of the guid-
ance document; and 
(B) review and reissue an updated version of 
the guidance document every 5 years until the date on which the guidance document is re-moved or incorporated into applicable regula-tions. 
(b) I
NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall review all guidance documents issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration and in effect on such date of enact-ment to ensure that such documents are current, are readily accessible to the public, and meet the standards specified in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (c)(1). 
(c) R
EGULAR REVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), not 
less than once every 5 years, the Administrator shall conduct a comprehensive review of the guidance documents issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to deter-mine whether such documents are— 
(A) consistent and clear; (B) uniformly and consistently enforced; and (C) still necessary. 
(2) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to beginning 
a review under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a notice and request for comment that solicits input from stakeholders on which guidance documents should be updated or eliminated. 
(3) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date on which a review under paragraph (1) is completed, the Administrator shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the De-partment a report detailing the review and a full inventory of the guidance documents of the Administration. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—A report under subparagraph 
(A) shall include a summary of the response of the Administration to comments received under paragraph (2). 
(d) G
UIDANCE DOCUMENT DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘guidance document’’ means a document issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration that— 
(1) provides an interpretation of a regulation 
of the Administration; or 
(2) includes an enforcement policy of the Ad-
ministration available to the public. 
SEC. 5204. PETITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall— 
(1) publish on a publicly accessible Internet 
Web site of the Department a summary of all pe-titions for regulatory action submitted to the Administration; 
(2) prioritize the petitions submitted based on 
the likelihood of safety improvements resulting from the regulatory action requested; 
(3) not later than 180 days after the date a 
summary of a petition is published under para-graph (1), formally respond to such petition by indicating whether the Administrator will ac-cept, deny, or further review the petition; 
(4) prioritize responses to petitions consistent 
with a petition’s potential to reduce crashes, im-prove enforcement, and reduce unnecessary bur-dens; and 
(5) not later than 60 days after the date of re-
ceipt of a petition, publish on a publicly acces-sible Internet Web site of the Department an up-dated inventory of the petitions described in paragraph (1), including any applicable disposi-tion information for those petitions. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF MULTIPLE PETITIONS .—The 
Administrator may treat multiple similar peti-tions as a single petition for the purposes of sub-section (a). 
(c) P
ETITION DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘petition’’ means a request for— 
(1) a new regulation; (2) a regulatory interpretation or clarification; 
or 
(3) a determination by the Administrator that 
a regulation should be modified or eliminated because it is— 
(A) no longer— (i) consistent and clear; (ii) current with the operational realities of 
the motor carrier industry; or 
(iii) uniformly enforced; (B) ineffective; or (C) overly burdensome. 
SEC. 5205. INSPECTOR STANDARDS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Administrator of the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall revise the regulations under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, as necessary, to incorporate by reference the certification stand-ards for roadside inspectors issued by the Com-mercial Vehicle Safety Alliance. 
SEC. 5206. APPLICATIONS. 
(a) R EVIEW PROCESS .—Section 31315(b) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘para-
graph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(7) as paragraphs (4) through (9), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) L
ENGTH OF EXEMPTION AND RENEWAL .— 
An exemption may be granted under paragraph (1) for no longer than 5 years and may be re-newed, upon request, for subsequent 5-year peri-ods if the Secretary continues to make the find-ing under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) O
PPORTUNITY FOR RESUBMISSION .—If the 
Secretary denies an application under para-graph (1) and the applicant can reasonably ad-dress the reason for the denial, the Secretary may allow the applicant to resubmit the appli-cation.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
permanent the following limited exemptions: 
(A) Perishable construction products, as pub-
lished in the Federal Register on April 2, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 17819). 
(B) Transport of commercial bee hives, as pub-
lished in the Federal Register on June 19, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 35425). 
(C) Safe transport of livestock, as published in 
the Federal Register on June 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 33584). 
(2) A
DDITIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE EXEMP -
TIONS .—Any exemption from any provision of 
the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act— 
(A) except as otherwise provided in section 
31315(b) of title 49, shall be valid for a period of 5 years from the date such exemption was grant-ed; and 
(B) may be subject to renewal under section 
31315(b)(2) of title 49, United States Code. 
PART II—COMPLIANCE, SAFETY, 
ACCOUNTABILITY REFORM 
SEC. 5221. CORRELATION STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (referred to in this part as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall commission the National Research Council of the National Academies to conduct a study of— 
(1) the Compliance, Safety, Accountability 
program of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (referred to in this part as the ‘‘CSA program’’); and 
(2) the Safety Measurement System utilized by 
the CSA program (referred to in this part as the ‘‘SMS’’). 
(b) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In carrying out the 
study commissioned pursuant to subsection (a), the National Research Council— 
(1) shall analyze— (A) the accuracy with which the Behavior 
Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (referred to in this part as ‘‘BASIC’’)— 
(i) identify high risk carriers; and (ii) predict or are correlated with future crash 
risk, crash severity, or other safety indicators for motor carriers, including the highest risk carriers; 
(B) the methodology used to calculate BASIC 
percentiles and identify carriers for enforce-ment, including the weights assigned to par-ticular violations and the tie between crash risk and specific regulatory violations, with respect to accurately identifying and predicting future crash risk for motor carriers; 
(C) the relative value of inspection informa-
tion and roadside enforcement data; 
(D) any data collection gaps or data suffi-
ciency problems that may exist and the impact of those gaps and problems on the efficacy of the CSA program; 
(E) the accuracy of safety data, including the 
use of crash data from crashes in which a motor carrier was free from fault; 
(F) whether BASIC percentiles for motor car-
riers of passengers should be calculated sepa-rately from motor carriers of freight; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8738 December 1, 2015 
(G) the differences in the rates at which safe-
ty violations are reported to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for inclusion in the SMS by various enforcement authorities, in-cluding States, territories, and Federal inspec-tors; and 
(H) how members of the public use the SMS 
and what effect making the SMS information public has had on reducing crashes and elimi-nating unsafe motor carriers from the industry; and 
(2) shall consider— (A) whether the SMS provides comparable pre-
cision and confidence, through SMS alerts and percentiles, for the relative crash risk of indi-vidual large and small motor carriers; 
(B) whether alternatives to the SMS would 
identify high risk carriers more accurately; and 
(C) the recommendations and findings of the 
Comptroller General of the United States and the Inspector General of the Department, and independent review team reports, issued before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall— 
(1) submit a report containing the results of 
the study commissioned pursuant to subsection (a) to— 
(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
(C) the Inspector General of the Department; 
and 
(2) publish the report on a publicly accessible 
Internet Web site of the Department. 
(d) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the Administrator submits the report under sub-section (c), if that report identifies a deficiency or opportunity for improvement in the CSA pro-gram or in any element of the SMS, the Admin-istrator shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a corrective action plan that— 
(A) responds to the deficiencies or opportuni-
ties identified by the report; 
(B) identifies how the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration will address such defi-ciencies or opportunities; and 
(C) provides an estimate of the cost, including 
with respect to changes in staffing, enforcement, and data collection, necessary to address such deficiencies or opportunities. 
(2) P
ROGRAM REFORMS .—The corrective action 
plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude an implementation plan that— 
(A) includes benchmarks; (B) includes programmatic reforms, revisions 
to regulations, or proposals for legislation; and 
(C) shall be considered in any rulemaking by 
the Department that relates to the CSA pro-gram, including the SMS or data analysis under the SMS. 
(e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 120 days after the Administrator submits a corrective action plan under subsection (d), the Inspector General of the Department shall— 
(1) review the extent to which such plan ad-
dresses— 
(A) recommendations contained in the report 
submitted under subsection (c); and 
(B) relevant recommendations issued by the 
Comptroller General or the Inspector General before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the responsiveness of the corrective ac-tion plan to the recommendations described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5222. BEYOND COMPLIANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall allow recognition, including 
credit or an improved SMS percentile, for a motor carrier that— 
(1) installs advanced safety equipment; (2) uses enhanced driver fitness measures; (3) adopts fleet safety management tools, tech-
nologies, and programs; or 
(4) satisfies other standards determined appro-
priate by the Administrator. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Administrator 
shall carry out subsection (a) by— 
(1) incorporating a methodology into the CSA 
program; or 
(2) establishing a safety BASIC in the SMS. (c) P
ROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator, after 
providing notice and an opportunity for com-ment, shall develop a process for identifying and reviewing advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, fleet safety management tools, technologies, and programs, and other standards for use by motor carriers to receive recognition, including credit or an improved SMS percentile, for purposes of subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—A process developed under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) provide for a petition process for reviewing 
advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fit-ness measures, fleet safety management tools, technologies, and programs, and other stand-ards; and 
(B) seek input and participation from indus-
try stakeholders, including commercial motor ve-hicle drivers, technology manufacturers, vehicle manufacturers, motor carriers, law enforcement, safety advocates, and the Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee. 
(d) Q
UALIFICATION .—The Administrator, after 
providing notice and an opportunity for com-ment, shall develop technical or other perform-ance standards with respect to advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, fleet safety management tools, technologies, and programs, and other standards for purposes of subsection (a). 
(e) M
ONITORING .—The Administrator may au-
thorize qualified entities to monitor motor car-riers that receive recognition, including credit or an improved SMS percentile, under this section through a no-cost contract structure. 
(f) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The Ad-
ministrator shall maintain on a publicly acces-sible Internet Web site of the Department infor-mation on— 
(1) the advanced safety equipment, enhanced 
driver fitness measures, fleet safety management tools, technologies, and programs, and other standards eligible for recognition, including credit or an improved SMS percentile; 
(2) any petitions for review of advanced safety 
equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, fleet safety management tools, technologies, and programs, and other standards; and 
(3) any relevant statistics relating to the use 
of advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, fleet safety management tools, technologies, and programs, and other stand-ards. 
(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the— 
(1) number of motor carriers receiving recogni-
tion, including credit or an improved SMS per-centile, under this section; and 
(2) safety performance of such carriers. 
SEC. 5223. DATA CERTIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date that 
is 1 day after the date of enactment of this Act, no information regarding analysis of violations, crashes in which a determination is made that the motor carrier or the commercial motor vehi-cle driver is not at fault, alerts, or the relative percentile for each BASIC developed under the CSA program may be made available to the gen-
eral public until the Inspector General of the Department certifies that— 
(1) the report required under section 5221(c) 
has been submitted in accordance with that sec-tion; 
(2) any deficiencies identified in the report re-
quired under section 5221(c) have been ad-dressed; 
(3) if applicable, the corrective action plan 
under section 5221(d) has been implemented; 
(4) the Administrator of the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration has fully imple-mented or satisfactorily addressed the issues raised in the report titled ‘‘Modifying the Com-pliance, Safety, Accountability Program Would Improve the Ability to Identify High Risk Car-riers’’ of the Government Accountability Office and dated February 2014 (GAO–14–114); and 
(5) the Secretary has initiated modification of 
the CSA program in accordance with section 5222. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF CSA A NAL-
YSIS.—Information regarding alerts and the rel-
ative percentile for each BASIC developed under the CSA program may not be used for safety fit-ness determinations until the Inspector General of the Department makes the certification under subsection (a). 
(c) C
ONTINUED PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF  
DATA.—Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this section, inspection and violation informa-tion submitted to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration by commercial motor ve-hicle inspectors and qualified law enforcement officials, out-of-service rates, and absolute measures shall remain available to the public. 
(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this section— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration and State and local commercial motor vehicle enforcement agencies may use the infor-mation referred to in subsection (a) for purposes of investigation and enforcement prioritization; 
(B) a motor carrier and a commercial motor 
vehicle driver may access information referred to in subsection (a) that relates directly to the motor carrier or driver, respectively; and 
(C) a data analysis of motorcoach operators 
may be provided online with a notation indi-cating that the ratings or alerts listed are not intended to imply any Federal safety rating of the carrier. 
(2) N
OTATION .—The notation described in 
paragraph (1)(C) shall include the following: ‘‘Readers should not draw conclusions about a carrier’s overall safety condition simply based on the data displayed in this system. Unless a motor carrier has received an UNSATISFAC-TORY safety rating under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, or has otherwise been ordered to discontinue operations by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, it is authorized to operate on the Nation’s road-ways.’’. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to restrict the official use by State enforcement agencies of the data collected by State enforcement personnel. 
SEC. 5224. DATA IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) F UNCTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS .—The Admin-
istrator shall develop functional specifications to ensure the consistent and accurate input of data into systems and databases relating to the CSA program. 
(b) F
UNCTIONALITY .—The functional specifica-
tions developed pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(1) shall provide for the hardcoding and smart 
logic functionality for roadside inspection data collection systems and databases; and 
(2) shall be made available to public and pri-
vate sector developers. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATAMANAGEMENT .—The Ad-
ministrator shall ensure that internal systems and databases accept and effectively manage data using uniform standards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8739 December 1, 2015 
(d) C ONSULTATION WITH THE STATES .—Before 
implementing the functional specifications de-veloped pursuant to subsection (a) or the stand-ards described in subsection (c), the Adminis-trator shall seek input from the State agencies responsible for enforcing section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 5225. ACCIDENT REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
a certification under section 5223, the Secretary shall task the Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee with reviewing the treatment of pre-ventable crashes under the SMS. 
(b) D
UTIES .—Not later than 6 months after 
being tasked under subsection (a), the Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee shall make recommendations to the Secretary on a process to allow motor carriers and drivers to request that the Administrator make a determination with respect to the preventability of a crash, if such a process has not yet been established by the Secretary. 
(c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) review and consider the recommendations 
provided by the Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee; and 
(2) report to Congress on how the Secretary 
intends to address the treatment of preventable crashes. 
(d) P
REVENTABLE DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘preventable’’ has the meaning given that term in Appendix B of part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle C—Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety 
SEC. 5301. WINDSHIELD TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall revise the regulations in section 393.60(e) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to the prohibition on obstructions to the driver’s field of view) to exempt from that section the voluntary mounting on a windshield of vehicle safety technology likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of safety that would be achieved absent the exemption. 
(b) V
EHICLE SAFETY TECHNOLOGY DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘vehicle safety tech-nology’’ includes a fleet-related incident man-agement system, performance or behavior man-agement system, speed management system, lane departure warning system, forward collision warning or mitigation system, and active cruise control system and any other technology that the Secretary considers applicable. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of 
this section, any windshield mounted tech-nology with a short term exemption under part 381 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, on the date of enactment of this Act, shall be con-sidered likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of safety that would be achieved absent an exemption under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5302. PRIORITIZING STATUTORY 
RULEMAKINGS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration shall prioritize the completion of each outstanding rulemaking re-quired by statute before beginning any other rulemaking, unless the Secretary determines that there is a significant need for such other rulemaking and notifies Congress of such deter-mination. 
SEC. 5303. SAFETY REPORTING SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the cost and feasibility of establishing a self-reporting system for commercial motor vehicle drivers or motor carriers with respect to en route equip-ment failures. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of— (A) alternatives for the reporting of equipment 
failures in real time, including an Internet Web site or telephone hotline; 
(B) the ability of a commercial motor vehicle 
driver or a motor carrier to provide to the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration proof of repair of a self-reported equipment failure; 
(C) the ability of the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration to ensure that self-re-ported equipment failures proven to be repaired are not used in the calculation of Behavior Analysis and Safety Improvement Category scores; 
(D) the ability of roadside inspectors to access 
self-reported equipment failures; 
(E) the cost to establish and administer a self- 
reporting system; 
(F) the ability for a self-reporting system to 
track individual commercial motor vehicles through unique identifiers; and 
(G) whether a self-reporting system would 
yield demonstrable safety benefits; 
(2) an identification of any regulatory or stat-
utory impediments to the implementation of a self-reporting system; and 
(3) recommendations on implementing a self- 
reporting system. 
SEC. 5304. NEW ENTRANT SAFETY REVIEW PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct 
an assessment of the new operator safety review program under section 31144(g) of title 49, United States Code, including the program’s ef-fectiveness in reducing crashes, fatalities, and injuries involving commercial motor vehicles and improving commercial motor vehicle safety. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a), in-cluding any recommendations for improving the effectiveness of the program (including rec-ommendations for legislative changes). 
SEC. 5305. HIGH RISK CARRIER REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that a review is completed on each motor carrier that demonstrates through performance data that it poses the highest safety risk. At a min-imum, a review shall be conducted whenever a motor carrier is among the highest risk carriers for 4 consecutive months. 
(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall post on a 
public Web site a report on the actions the Sec-retary has taken to comply with this section, in-cluding the number of high risk carriers identi-fied and the high risk carriers reviewed. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4138 of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31144 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of con-tents in section 1(b) of that Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 5306. POST-ACCIDENT REPORT REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall convene a working group— 
(1) to review the data elements of post-acci-
dent reports, for tow-away accidents involving commercial motor vehicles, that are reported to the Federal Government; and 
(2) to report to the Secretary its findings and 
any recommendations, including best practices for State post-accident reports to achieve the data elements described in subsection (c). 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—Not less than 51 percent of 
the working group should be composed of indi-viduals representing the States or State law en-forcement officials. The remaining members of the working group shall represent industry, labor, safety advocates, and other interested parties. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The working group 
shall consider requiring additional data ele-ments, including— 
(1) the primary cause of the accident, if the 
primary cause can be determined; and 
(2) the physical characteristics of the commer-
cial motor vehicle and any other vehicle in-volved in the accident, including— 
(A) the vehicle configuration; (B) the gross vehicle weight, if the weight can 
be readily determined; 
(C) the number of axles; and (D) the distance between axles, if the distance 
can be readily determined. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) review the findings of the working group; (2) identify the best practices for State post- 
accident reports that are reported to the Federal Government, including identifying the data ele-ments that should be collected following a tow- away commercial motor vehicle accident; and 
(3) recommend to the States the adoption of 
new data elements to be collected following re-portable commercial motor vehicle accidents. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate not more than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary makes recommendations under subsection (d)(3). 
SEC. 5307. IMPLEMENTING SAFETY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each rulemaking de-
scribed in subsection (c), not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter until the rulemaking is complete, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written notification that includes— 
(1) for a rulemaking with a statutory dead-
line— 
(A) an explanation of why the deadline was 
not met; and 
(B) an expected date of completion of the rule-
making; and 
(2) for a rulemaking without a statutory dead-
line, an expected date of completion of the rule-making. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL CONTENTS .—A notification 
submitted under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an updated rulemaking timeline; (2) a list of factors causing delays in the com-
pletion of the rulemaking; and 
(3) any other details associated with the sta-
tus of the rulemaking. 
(c) R
ULEMAKINGS .—The Secretary shall submit 
a written notification under subsection (a) for each of the following rulemakings: 
(1) The rulemaking required under section 
31306a(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) The rulemaking required under section 
31137(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) The rulemaking required under section 
31305(c) of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) The rulemaking required under section 
31601 of division C of MAP–21 (49 U.S.C. 30111 note). 
(5) A rulemaking concerning motor carrier 
safety fitness determinations. 
(6) A rulemaking concerning commercial motor 
vehicle safety required by an Act of Congress enacted on or after August 1, 2005, and incom-plete for more than 2 years. 
Subtitle D—Commercial Motor Vehicle 
Drivers 
SEC. 5401. OPPORTUNITIES FOR VETERANS. 
(a) S TANDARDS FOR TRAINING AND TESTING OF  
VETERAN OPERATORS .—Section 31305 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
TANDARDS FOR TRAINING AND TESTING  
OFVETERAN OPERATORS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Secretary shall modify the regulations prescribed under subsections (a) and (c) to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8740 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(A) exempt a covered individual from all or 
a portion of a driving test if the covered indi-vidual had experience in the armed forces or re-serve components driving vehicles similar to a commercial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(B) ensure that a covered individual may 
apply for an exemption under subparagraph (A) during, at least, the 1-year period beginning on the date on which such individual separates from service in the armed forces or reserve com-ponents; and 
‘‘(C) credit the training and knowledge a cov-
ered individual received in the armed forces or reserve components driving vehicles similar to a commercial motor vehicle for purposes of satis-fying minimum standards for training and knowledge. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(A) A RMED FORCES .—The term ‘armed forces’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of title 10. 
‘‘(B) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘covered 
individual’ means an individual over the age of 21 years who is— 
‘‘(i) a former member of the armed forces; or ‘‘(ii) a former member of the reserve compo-
nents. 
‘‘(C) R
ESERVE COMPONENTS .—The term ‘re-
serve components’ means— 
‘‘(i) the Army National Guard of the United 
States; 
‘‘(ii) the Army Reserve; ‘‘(iii) the Navy Reserve; ‘‘(iv) the Marine Corps Reserve; ‘‘(v) the Air National Guard of the United 
States; 
‘‘(vi) the Air Force Reserve; and ‘‘(vii) the Coast Guard Reserve.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REC-
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall implement the recommendations contained in the report submitted under section 32308 of MAP–21 (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) that are not im-plemented as a result of the amendment in sub-section (a). 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION OF THE MILITARY COM-
MERCIAL DRIVER ’SLICENSE ACT.—Not later than 
December 31, 2015, the Secretary shall issue final regulations to implement the exemption to the domicile requirement under section 31311(a)(12)(C) of title 49, United States Code. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
31311(a)(12)(C)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) is an active duty member of— ‘‘(I) the armed forces (as that term is defined 
in section 101(a) of title 10); or 
‘‘(II) the reserve components (as that term is 
defined in section 31305(d)(2) of this title); and’’. 
SEC. 5402. DRUG-FREE COMMERCIAL DRIVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31306 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-
paragraph (C); 
(B) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘The reg-
ulations shall permit such motor carriers to con-duct preemployment testing of such employees for the use of alcohol.’’; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) The regulations prescribed under sub-
paragraph (A) shall permit motor carriers— 
‘‘(i) to conduct preemployment testing of com-
mercial motor vehicle operators for the use of al-cohol; and 
‘‘(ii) to use hair testing as an acceptable alter-
native to urine testing— 
‘‘(I) in conducting preemployment testing for 
the use of a controlled substance; and 
‘‘(II) in conducting random testing for the use 
of a controlled substance if the operator was subject to hair testing for preemployment test-ing.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) shall provide an exemption from hair 
testing for commercial motor vehicle operators with established religious beliefs that prohibit the cutting or removal of hair.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by inserting ‘‘for urine testing, and technical guidelines for hair testing,’’ before ‘‘including mandatory guidelines’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) laboratory protocols and cut-off levels 
for hair testing to detect the use of a controlled substance;’’. 
(b) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue sci-entific and technical guidelines for hair testing as a method of detecting the use of a controlled substance for purposes of section 31306 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 5403. MEDICAL CERTIFICATION OF VET-
ERANS FOR COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LICENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a physician- 
approved veteran operator, the qualified physi-cian of such operator may, subject to the re-quirements of subsection (b), perform a medical examination and provide a medical certificate for purposes of compliance with the require-ments of section 31149 of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-
scribed under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) assurances that the physician performing 
the medical examination meets the requirements of a qualified physician under this section; and 
(2) certification that the physical condition of 
the operator is adequate to enable such operator to operate a commercial motor vehicle safely. 
(c) N
ATIONAL REGISTRY OF MEDICAL EXAM-
INERS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall develop a process for qualified physicians to perform a medical examination and provide a medical cer-tificate under subsection (a) and include such physicians on the national registry of medical examiners established under section 31149(d) of title 49, United States Code. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) P HYSICIAN -APPROVED VETERAN OPER -
ATOR .—The term ‘‘physician-approved veteran 
operator’’ means an operator of a commercial motor vehicle who— 
(A) is a veteran who is enrolled in the health 
care system established under section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code; and 
(B) is required to have a current valid medical 
certificate pursuant to section 31149 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) Q
UALIFIED PHYSICIAN .—The term ‘‘quali-
fied physician’’ means a physician who— 
(A) is employed in the Department of Veterans 
Affairs; 
(B) is familiar with the standards for, and 
physical requirements of, an operator certified pursuant to section 31149 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) has never, with respect to such section, 
been found to have acted fraudulently, includ-ing by fraudulently awarding a medical certifi-cate. 
(3) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to change any statutory penalty associated with fraud or abuse. SEC. 5404. COMMERCIAL DRIVER PILOT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a pilot program under section 31315(c) of title 49, United States Code, to study the feasi-bility, benefits, and safety impacts of allowing a covered driver to operate a commercial motor ve-hicle in interstate commerce. 
(b) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall 
collect and analyze data relating to accidents in which— 
(1) a covered driver participating in the pilot 
program is involved; and 
(2) a driver under the age of 21 operating a 
commercial motor vehicle in intrastate commerce is involved. 
(c) L
IMITATIONS .—A driver participating in 
the pilot program may not— 
(1) transport— (A) passengers; or (B) hazardous cargo; or (2) operate a vehicle in special configuration. (d) W
ORKING GROUP .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall con-
duct, monitor, and evaluate the pilot program in consultation with a working group to be estab-lished by the Secretary consisting of representa-tives of the armed forces, industry, drivers, safe-ty advocacy organizations, and State licensing and enforcement officials. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The working group shall review 
the data collected under subsection (b) and pro-vide recommendations to the Secretary on the feasibility, benefits, and safety impacts of allow-ing a covered driver to operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate commerce. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date on which the pilot program is concluded, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the findings of the pilot program and the recommendations of the working group. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) A CCIDENT .—The term ‘‘accident’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
RMED FORCES .—The term ‘‘armed forces’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
(3) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE .—The term 
‘‘commercial motor vehicle’’ has the meaning given that term in section 31301 of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) C
OVERED DRIVER .—The term ‘‘covered driv-
er’’ means an individual who is— 
(A) between the ages of 18 and 21; (B) a member or former member of the— 
(i) armed forces; or (ii) reserve components (as defined in section 
31305(d)(2) of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act); and 
(C) qualified in a Military Occupational Spe-
cialty to operate a commercial motor vehicle or similar vehicle. 
Subtitle E—General Provisions 
SEC. 5501. DELAYS IN GOODS MOVEMENT. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on the average length of time that operators of commercial motor vehicles are delayed before the loading and unloading of such vehicles and at other points in the pick-up and delivery process. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include— 
(A) an assessment of how delays impact— (i) the economy; (ii) the efficiency of the transportation system; (iii) motor carrier safety, including the extent 
to which delays result in violations of motor carrier safety regulations; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8741 December 1, 2015 
(iv) the livelihood of motor carrier drivers; and 
(B) recommendations on how delays could be 
mitigated. 
(b) C OLLECTION OF DATA.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish by regulation a process to collect data on delays experienced by operators of commercial motor vehicles before the loading and unloading of such vehicles and at other points in the pick-up and delivery proc-ess. 
SEC. 5502. EMERGENCY ROUTE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish a working group to deter-mine best practices for expeditious State ap-proval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recovery. 
(2) M
EMBERS .—The working group shall in-
clude representatives from— 
(A) State highway transportation departments 
or agencies; 
(B) relevant modal agencies within the De-
partment; 
(C) emergency response or recovery experts; (D) relevant safety groups; and 
(E) entities affected by special permit restric-
tions during emergency response and recovery efforts. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining best 
practices under subsection (a), the working group shall consider whether— 
(1) impediments currently exist that prevent 
expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and re-covery; 
(2) it is possible to pre-identify and establish 
emergency routes between States through which infrastructure repair materials could be deliv-ered following a natural disaster or emergency; 
(3) a State could pre-designate an emergency 
route identified under paragraph (2) as a cer-tified emergency route if a motor vehicle that ex-ceeds the otherwise applicable Federal and State truck length or width limits may safely operate along such route during periods of declared emergency and recovery from such periods; and 
(4) an online map could be created to identify 
each pre-designated emergency route under paragraph (3), including information on specific limitations, obligations, and notification re-quirements along that route. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to the Secretary a report on its findings under this section and any rec-ommendations for the implementation of best practices for expeditious State approval of spe-cial permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recovery. 
(2) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date the Secretary receives the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall publish the report on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date the Secretary receives the report under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the actions the Secretary and the States have taken to imple-ment the recommendations included in the re-port. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate 1 year after the date the Secretary re-ceives the report under subsection (c)(1). 
SEC. 5503. HOUSEHOLD GOODS CONSUMER PRO-
TECTION WORKING GROUP. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a working group for the purpose of de-veloping recommendations on how to best con-vey to consumers relevant information with re-spect to the Federal laws concerning the inter-state transportation of household goods by 
motor carrier. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the working group is comprised of individ-uals with expertise in consumer affairs, edu-cators with expertise in how people learn most effectively, and representatives of the household goods moving industry. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(1) C ONTENTS .—The recommendations devel-
oped by the working group shall include rec-ommendations on— 
(A) condensing publication ESA 03005 of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration into a format that is more easily used by con-sumers; 
(B) using state-of-the-art education tech-
niques and technologies, including optimizing the use of the Internet as an educational tool; and 
(C) reducing and simplifying the paperwork 
required of motor carriers and shippers in inter-state transportation. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act— 
(A) the working group shall make the rec-
ommendations described in paragraph (1); and 
(B) the Secretary shall publish the rec-
ommendations on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date on which the working group makes its rec-ommendations under subsection (c)(2), the Sec-retary shall issue a report to Congress on the implementation of such recommendations. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate 1 year after the date the working group makes its recommendations under sub-section (c)(2). 
SEC. 5504. TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a comprehensive analysis of the infor-mation technology and data collection and man-agement systems of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) evaluate the efficacy of the existing infor-
mation technology, data collection, processing systems, data correction procedures, and data management systems and programs, including their interaction with each other and their effi-cacy in meeting user needs; 
(2) identify any redundancies among the sys-
tems, procedures, and programs described in paragraph (1); 
(3) explore the feasibility of consolidating data 
collection and processing systems; 
(4) evaluate the ability of the systems, proce-
dures, and programs described in paragraph (1) to meet the needs of— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration, at both the headquarters and State lev-els; 
(B) the State agencies that implement the 
motor carrier safety assistance program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) other users; (5) evaluate the adaptability of the systems, 
procedures, and programs described in para-graph (1), in order to make necessary future changes to ensure user needs are met in an easi-er, timely, and more cost-efficient manner; 
(6) investigate and make recommendations re-
garding— 
(A) deficiencies in existing data sets impacting 
program effectiveness; and 
(B) methods to improve user interfaces; and (7) identify the appropriate role the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration should take with respect to software and information systems design, development, and maintenance for the purpose of improving the efficacy of the systems, procedures, and programs described in paragraph (1). SEC. 5505. NOTIFICATION REGARDING MOTOR 
CARRIER REGISTRATION. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written notifica-tion of the actions the Secretary is taking to en-sure, to the greatest extent practicable, that each application for registration under section 13902 of title 49, United States Code, is processed not later than 30 days after the date on which the application is received by the Secretary. 
SEC. 5506. REPORT ON COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LI-
CENSE SKILLS TEST DELAYS. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and each year thereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(1) describes, for each State, the status of 
skills testing for applicants for a commercial driver’s license, including— 
(A) the average wait time from the date an ap-
plicant requests to take a skills test to the date the applicant has the opportunity to complete such test; 
(B) the average wait time from the date an ap-
plicant, upon failure of a skills test, requests a retest to the date the applicant has the oppor-tunity to complete such retest; 
(C) the actual number of qualified commercial 
driver’s license examiners available to test appli-cants; and 
(D) the number of testing sites available 
through the State department of motor vehicles and whether this number has increased or de-creased from the previous year; and 
(2) describes specific steps that the Adminis-
trator is taking to address skills testing delays in States that have average skills test or retest wait times of more than 7 days from the date an applicant requests to test or retest to the date the applicant has the opportunity to complete such test or retest. 
SEC. 5507. ELECTRONIC LOGGING DEVICE RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
Section 31137(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C) by striking ‘‘apply to’’ 
and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3), apply to’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A motor carrier, when 
transporting a motor home or recreation vehicle trailer within the definition of the term ‘driveaway-towaway operation’ (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions), may comply with the hours of service re-quirements by requiring each driver to use— 
‘‘(A) a paper record of duty status form; or 
‘‘(B) an electronic logging device.’’. 
SEC. 5508. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 49.—Title 49, United States Code, is 
amended as follows: 
(1) Section 13902(i)(2) is amended by inserting 
‘‘except as’’ before ‘‘described’’. 
(2) Section 13903(d) is amended by striking 
‘‘(d) R EGISTRATION AS MOTOR CARRIER RE-
QUIRED .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) I N 
GENERAL .—A freight forwarder’’ and inserting 
‘‘(d) R EGISTRATION AS MOTOR CARRIER RE-
QUIRED .—A freight forwarder’’. 
(3) Section 13905(d)(2)(D) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘the Secretary finds 
that—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(i) the motor carrier,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary finds that the motor carrier,’’; and 
(B) by adding a period at the end. (4) Section 14901(h) is amended by striking 
‘‘H
OUSEHOLD GOODS’’ in the heading. 
(5) Section 14916 is amended by striking the 
section designation and heading and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8742 December 1, 2015 
‘‘§ 14916. Unlawful brokerage activities’’. 
(b) MAP–21.—Effective as of July 6, 2012, and 
as if included therein as enacted, MAP–21 (Pub-lic Law 112–141) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 32108(a)(4) (126 Stat. 782) is amend-
ed by inserting ‘‘for’’ before ‘‘each additional day’’ in the matter proposed to be struck. 
(2) Section 32301(b)(3) (126 Stat. 786) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘by amending (a) to read as fol-lows:’’ and inserting ‘‘by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following:’’. 
(3) Section 32302(c)(2)(B) (126 Stat. 789) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 32303(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 32302(c)(1)’’. 
(4) Section 32921(b) (126 Stat. 828) is amended, 
in the matter to be inserted, by striking ‘‘(A) In addition’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition’’. 
(5) Section 32931(c) (126 Stat. 829) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ in the matter to be struck; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ in the matter to be inserted. 
(c) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY IMPROVEMENT  
ACT OF 1999.—Section 229(a)(1) of the Motor 
Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31136 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 49, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘sections 31136 and 31502’’. 
SEC. 5509. MINIMUM FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY. 
(a) T RANSPORTING PROPERTY .—If the Sec-
retary proceeds with a rulemaking to determine whether to increase the minimum levels of fi-nancial responsibility required under section 31139 of title 49, United States Code, the Sec-retary shall consider, prior to issuing a final rule— 
(1) the rulemaking’s potential impact on— (A) the safety of motor vehicle transportation; 
and 
(B) the motor carrier industry; (2) the ability of the insurance industry to 
provide the required amount of insurance; 
(3) the extent to which current minimum levels 
of financial responsibility adequately cover— 
(A) medical care; (B) compensation; and (C) other identifiable costs; (4) the frequency with which insurance claims 
exceed current minimum levels of financial re-sponsibility in fatal accidents; and 
(5) the impact of increased levels on motor 
carrier safety and accident reduction. 
(b) T
RANSPORTING PASSENGERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Prior to initiating a rule-
making to change the minimum levels of finan-cial responsibility under section 31138 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall complete a study specific to the minimum financial re-sponsibility requirements for motor carriers of passengers. 
(2) S
TUDY CONTENTS .—A study under para-
graph (1) shall include, to the extent prac-ticable— 
(A) a review of accidents, injuries, and fatali-
ties in the over-the-road bus and school bus in-dustries; 
(B) a review of insurance held by over-the- 
road bus and public and private school bus com-panies, including companies of various sizes, and an analysis of whether such insurance is adequate to cover claims; 
(C) an analysis of whether and how insurance 
affects the behavior and safety record of motor carriers of passengers, including with respect to crash reduction; and 
(D) an analysis of the anticipated impacts of 
an increase in financial responsibility on insur-ance premiums for passenger carriers and serv-ice availability. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting a study 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with— 
(A) representatives of the over-the-road bus 
and private school bus transportation indus-tries, including representatives of bus drivers; 
and 
(B) insurers of motor carriers of passengers. (4) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary undertakes a 
study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the re-sults of the study. 
SEC. 5510. SAFETY STUDY REGARDING DOUBLE- 
DECKER MOTORCOACHES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary, in consultation 
with State transportation safety and law en-forcement officials, shall conduct a study re-garding the safety operations, fire suppression capability, tire loads, and pavement impacts of operating a double-decker motorcoach equipped with a device designed by the motorcoach manu-facturer to attach to the rear of the motorcoach for use in transporting passenger baggage. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report containing the results of the study to— 
(1) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 5511. GAO REVIEW OF SCHOOL BUS SAFETY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a review of the following: 
(1) Existing Federal and State rules and guid-
ance, as of the date of the review, concerning school bus transportation of elementary school and secondary school students engaging in home-to-school transport or other transport de-termined by the Comptroller General to be a rou-tine part of kindergarten through grade 12 edu-cation, including regulations and guidance re-garding driver training programs, capacity re-quirements, programs for special needs students, inspection standards, vehicle age requirements, best practices, and public access to inspection results and crash records. 
(2) Any correlation between public or private 
school bus fleet operators whose vehicles are in-volved in an accident as defined by section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and each of the following: 
(A) A failure by those same operators of State 
or local safety inspections. 
(B) The average age or odometer readings of 
the school buses in the fleets of such operators. 
(C) Violations of Federal laws administered by 
the Department of Transportation, or of State law equivalents of such laws. 
(D) Violations of State or local law relating to 
illegal passing of a school bus. 
(3) A regulatory framework comparison of 
public and private school bus operations. 
(4) Expert recommendations on best practices 
for safe and reliable school bus transportation, including driver training programs, inspection standards, school bus age and odometer reading maximums for retirement, the percentage of buses in a local bus fleet needed as spare buses, and capacity levels per school bus for different age groups. 
SEC. 5512. ACCESS TO NATIONAL DRIVER REG-
ISTER. 
Section 30305(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(13) The Administrator of the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration may request the chief driver licensing official of a State to pro-vide information under subsection (a) of this section about an individual in connection with a safety investigation under the Administrator’s jurisdiction.’’. SEC. 5513. REPORT ON DESIGN AND IMPLEMEN-
TATION OF WIRELESS ROADSIDE IN-SPECTION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the design, development, test-ing, and implementation of wireless roadside in-spection systems. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include a determination as to whether Federal wireless roadside inspection systems— 
(1) conflict with existing electronic screening 
systems, or create capabilities already available; 
(2) require additional statutory authority to 
incorporate generated inspection data into the safety measurement system or the safety fitness determinations program; and 
(3) provide appropriate restrictions to specifi-
cally address privacy concerns of affected motor carriers and operators. 
SEC. 5514. REGULATION OF TOW TRUCK OPER-
ATIONS. 
Section 14501(c)(2)(C) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the price of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘transportation is’’ and inserting ‘‘the regulation of tow truck oper-ations’’. 
SEC. 5515. STUDY ON COMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHI-
CLE DRIVER COMMUTING. 
(a) E FFECTS OF COMMUTING .—The Adminis-
trator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration shall conduct a study on the safety effects of motor carrier operator commutes ex-ceeding 150 minutes. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress a report con-taining the findings under the study. 
SEC. 5516. ADDITIONAL STATE AUTHORITY. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
South Dakota shall be provided the opportunity to update and revise the routes designated as qualifying Federal-aid Primary System high-ways under section 31111(e) of title 49, United States Code, as long as the update shifts routes to divided highways or does not increase center-line miles by more than 5 percent and is ex-pected to increase safety performance. 
SEC. 5517. REPORT ON MOTOR CARRIER FINAN-
CIAL RESPONSIBILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 
2017, the Secretary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department a report on the minimum levels of financial re-sponsibility required under section 31139 of title 49, United States Code. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include, to the extent prac-ticable, an analysis of— 
(1) the differences between State insurance re-
quirements and Federal requirements; 
(2) the extent to which current minimum levels 
of financial responsibility adequately cover— 
(A) medical care; (B) compensation; and (C) other identifiable costs; and (3) the frequency with which insurance claims 
exceed the current minimum levels of financial responsibility. 
SEC. 5518. COVERED FARM VEHICLES. 
Section 32934(b)(1) of MAP–21 (49 U.S.C. 31136 
note) is amended by striking ‘‘from’’ and all that follows through the period at end and in-serting the following: ‘‘from— 
‘‘(A) a requirement described in subsection (a) 
or a compatible State requirement; or 
‘‘(B) any other minimum standard provided 
by a State relating to the operation of that vehi-cle.’’. 
SEC. 5519. OPERATORS OF HI-RAIL VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a commercial 
motor vehicle driver subject to the hours of serv-ice requirements in part 395 of title 49, Code of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8743 December 1, 2015 
Federal Regulations, who is driving a hi-rail ve-
hicle, the maximum on duty time under section 395.3 of such title for such driver shall not in-clude time in transportation to or from a duty assignment if such time in transportation— 
(1) does not exceed 2 hours per calendar day 
or a total of 30 hours per calendar month; and 
(2) is fully and accurately accounted for in 
records to be maintained by the motor carrier and such records are made available upon re-quest of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration or the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration. 
(b) H
I-RAILVEHICLE DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘hi-rail vehicle’’ means an inter-nal rail flaw detection vehicle equipped with flange hi-rails. 
SEC. 5520. AUTOMOBILE TRANSPORTER. 
(a) A UTOMOBILE TRANSPORTER DEFINED .— 
Section 31111(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘specifically’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An 
automobile transporter shall not be prohibited from the transport of cargo or general freight on a backhaul, so long as it complies with weight limitations for a truck tractor and semitrailer combination.’’. 
(b) T
RUCK TRACTOR DEFINED .—Section 
31111(a)(3)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘only’’; and (2) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘or any other commodity, includ-ing cargo or general freight on a backhaul’’. 
(c) B
ACKHAUL DEFINED .—Section 31111(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) B
ACKHAUL .—The term ‘backhaul’ means 
the return trip of a vehicle transporting cargo or general freight, especially when carrying goods back over all or part of the same route.’’. 
(d) S
TINGER -STEERED AUTOMOBILE TRANS-
PORTERS .—Section 31111(b)(1) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E) by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (F) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) imposes a vehicle length limitation of less 
than 80 feet on a stinger-steered automobile transporter with a front overhang of less than 4 feet and a rear overhang of less than 6 feet; or’’. 
SEC. 5521. READY MIX CONCRETE DELIVERY VEHI-
CLES. 
Section 31502 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) R EADY MIXED CONCRETE DELIVERY VEHI-
CLES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, regulations issued under this section or section 31136 (including section 395.1(e)(1)(ii) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions) regarding reporting, recordkeeping, or documentation of duty status shall not apply to any driver of a ready mixed concrete delivery vehicle if— 
‘‘(A) the driver operates within a 100 air-mile 
radius of the normal work reporting location; 
‘‘(B) the driver returns to the work reporting 
location and is released from work within 14 consecutive hours; 
‘‘(C) the driver has at least 10 consecutive 
hours off duty following each 14 hours on duty; 
‘‘(D) the driver does not exceed 11 hours max-
imum driving time following 10 consecutive hours off duty; and 
‘‘(E) the motor carrier that employs the driver 
maintains and retains for a period of 6 months accurate and true time records that show— 
‘‘(i) the time the driver reports for duty each 
day; 
‘‘(ii) the total number of hours the driver is on 
duty each day; 
‘‘(iii) the time the driver is released from duty 
each day; and ‘‘(iv) the total time for the preceding driving 
week the driver is used for the first time or intermittently. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘driver of a ready mixed concrete delivery vehi-cle’ means a driver of a vehicle designed to de-liver ready mixed concrete on a daily basis and is equipped with a mechanism under which the vehicle’s propulsion engine provides the power to operate a mixer drum to agitate and mix the product en route to the delivery site.’’. 
SEC. 5522. TRANSPORTATION OF CONSTRUCTION 
MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 229(e)(4) of the Motor Carrier Safety 
Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31136 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘50 air mile radius’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘75 air mile radius’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘the driver.’’ and inserting 
‘‘the driver, except that a State, upon notice to the Secretary, may establish a different air mile radius limitation for purposes of this paragraph if such limitation is between 50 and 75 air miles and applies only to movements that take place entirely within the State.’’. 
SEC. 5523. COMMERCIAL DELIVERY OF LIGHT- 
AND MEDIUM-DUTY TRAILERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 31111(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) T
RAILER TRANSPORTER TOWING UNIT .— 
The term ‘trailer transporter towing unit’ means a power unit that is not used to carry property when operating in a towaway trailer trans-porter combination. 
‘‘(7) T
OWAWAY TRAILER TRANSPORTER COM -
BINATION .—The term ‘towaway trailer trans-
porter combination’ means a combination of ve-hicles consisting of a trailer transporter towing unit and 2 trailers or semitrailers— 
‘‘(A) with a total weight that does not exceed 
26,000 pounds; and 
‘‘(B) in which the trailers or semitrailers carry 
no property and constitute inventory property of a manufacturer, distributor, or dealer of such trailers or semitrailers.’’. 
(b) G
ENERAL LIMITATIONS .—Section 31111(b)(1) 
of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(H) has the effect of imposing an overall 
length limitation of less than 82 feet on a towaway trailer transporter combination.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) P ROPERTY -CARRYING UNIT LIMITATION .— 
Section 31112(a)(1) of such title is amended by inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, but not including a trailer or a semitrailer transported as part of a towaway trailer transporter combination (as defined in section 31111(a))’’. 
(2) A
CCESS TO INTERSTATE SYSTEM .—Section 
31114(a)(2) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘any towaway trailer transporter combination (as defined in section 31111(a)),’’ after ‘‘pas-sengers,’’. 
SEC. 5524. EXEMPTIONS FROM REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CERTAIN WELDING TRUCKS USED IN PIPELINE INDUSTRY. 
(a) C OVERED MOTOR VEHICLE DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘covered motor vehicle’’ means a motor vehicle that— 
(1) is traveling in the State in which the vehi-
cle is registered or another State; 
(2) is owned by a welder; (3) is a pick-up style truck; (4) is equipped with a welding rig that is used 
in the construction or maintenance of pipelines; and 
(5) has a gross vehicle weight and combina-
tion weight rating and weight of 15,000 pounds or less. 
(b) F
EDERAL REQUIREMENTS .—A covered 
motor vehicle, including the individual oper-ating such vehicle and the employer of such in-dividual, shall be exempt from the following: 
(1) Any requirement relating to registration as 
a motor carrier, including the requirement to ob-tain and display a Department of Transpor-
tation number, established under chapters 139 and 311 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) Any requirement relating to driver quali-
fications established under chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) Any requirement relating to driving of 
commercial motor vehicles established under chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) Any requirement relating to parts and ac-
cessories and inspection, repair, and mainte-nance of commercial motor vehicles established under chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code. 
(5) Any requirement relating to hours of serv-
ice of drivers, including maximum driving and on duty time, established under chapter 315 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 5525. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port describing the safety and enforcement im-pacts of sections 5520, 5521, 5522, 5523, 5524, and 7208 of this Act. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report 
required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with States, State law enforcement agencies, entities impacted by the sections de-scribed in subsection (a), and other entities the Secretary considers appropriate. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Transportation 
for Tomorrow Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 6002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following amounts are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(1) H
IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—To carry out section 503(b) of title 
23, United States Code, $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
(2) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOYMENT  
PROGRAM .—To carry out section 503(c) of title 
23, United States Code— 
(A) $67,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $67,500,000 for fiscal year 2020. (3) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—To carry out 
section 504 of title 23, United States Code, $24,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
(4) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out sections 512 through 
518 of title 23, United States Code, $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
(5) U
NIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CENTERS PRO -
GRAM .—To carry out section 5505 of title 49, 
United States Code— 
(A) $72,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $75,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $77,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (E) $77,500,000 for fiscal year 2020. (6) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATISTICS .— 
To carry out chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Federal Highway 
Administration shall— 
(1) administer the programs described in para-
graphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a); and 
(2) in consultation with relevant modal ad-
ministrations, administer the programs described in subsection (a)(4). 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23, U NITED  
STATES CODE.—Funds authorized to be appro-
priated by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be available for obligation in the same 
manner as if those funds were apportioned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8744 December 1, 2015 
under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, 
except that the Federal share of the cost of a project or activity carried out using those funds shall be 80 percent, unless otherwise expressly provided by this Act (including the amendments by this Act) or otherwise determined by the Sec-retary; and 
(2) remain available until expended and not 
be transferable, except as otherwise provided in this Act. 
SEC. 6003. TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DE-
PLOYMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 503(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘2013 
through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than an-
nually, the Secretary shall issue and make available to the public on an Internet website a report on the cost and benefits from deployment of new technology and innovations that sub-stantially and directly resulted from the pro-gram established under this paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under clause (i) 
may include an analysis of— 
‘‘(I) Federal, State, and local cost savings; ‘‘(II) project delivery time improvements; 
‘‘(III) reduced fatalities; and ‘‘(IV) congestion impacts.’’. 
SEC. 6004. ADVANCED TRANSPORTATION AND 
CONGESTION MANAGEMENT TECH-NOLOGIES DEPLOYMENT. 
Section 503(c) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) A DVANCED TRANSPORTATION TECH -
NOLOGIES DEPLOYMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall establish an advanced trans-portation and congestion management tech-nologies deployment initiative to provide grants to eligible entities to develop model deployment sites for large scale installation and operation of advanced transportation technologies to im-prove safety, efficiency, system performance, and infrastructure return on investment. 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall develop 
criteria for selection of an eligible entity to re-ceive a grant under this paragraph, including how the deployment of technology will— 
‘‘(i) reduce costs and improve return on in-
vestments, including through the enhanced use of existing transportation capacity; 
‘‘(ii) deliver environmental benefits that al-
leviate congestion and streamline traffic flow; 
‘‘(iii) measure and improve the operational 
performance of the applicable transportation network; 
‘‘(iv) reduce the number and severity of traffic 
crashes and increase driver, passenger, and pe-destrian safety; 
‘‘(v) collect, disseminate, and use real-time 
traffic, transit, parking, and other transpor-tation-related information to improve mobility, reduce congestion, and provide for more effi-cient and accessible transportation; 
‘‘(vi) monitor transportation assets to improve 
infrastructure management, reduce maintenance costs, prioritize investment decisions, and ensure a state of good repair; 
‘‘(vii) deliver economic benefits by reducing 
delays, improving system performance, and pro-viding for the efficient and reliable movement of goods and services; or 
‘‘(viii) accelerate the deployment of vehicle-to- 
vehicle, vehicle-to-infrastructure, autonomous vehicles, and other technologies. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) R EQUEST .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of enactment of this paragraph, and for every fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall request applications in accordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under this subparagraph shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) P
LAN.—A plan to deploy and provide for 
the long-term operation and maintenance of ad-vanced transportation and congestion manage-ment technologies to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and return on investment. 
‘‘(II) O
BJECTIVES .—Quantifiable system per-
formance improvements, such as— 
‘‘(aa) reducing traffic-related crashes, conges-
tion, and costs; 
‘‘(bb) optimizing system efficiency; and ‘‘(cc) improving access to transportation serv-
ices. 
‘‘(III) R
ESULTS .—Quantifiable safety, mobil-
ity, and environmental benefit projections such as data-driven estimates of how the project will improve the region’s transportation system effi-ciency and reduce traffic congestion. 
‘‘(IV) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—A plan for partnering 
with the private sector or public agencies, in-cluding multimodal and multijurisdictional enti-ties, research institutions, organizations rep-resenting transportation and technology lead-ers, or other transportation stakeholders. 
‘‘(V) L
EVERAGING .—A plan to leverage and op-
timize existing local and regional advanced transportation technology investments. 
‘‘(D) G
RANT SELECTION .— 
‘‘(i) G RANT AWARDS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and for every fiscal year thereafter, the Sec-retary shall award grants to not less than 5 and not more than 10 eligible entities. 
‘‘(ii) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—In awarding a 
grant under this paragraph, the Secretary shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grant re-cipients represent diverse geographic areas of the United States, including urban and rural areas. 
‘‘(iii) T
ECHNOLOGY DIVERSITY .—In awarding a 
grant under this paragraph, the Secretary shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grant re-cipients represent diverse technology solutions. 
‘‘(E) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—A grant recipient 
may use funds awarded under this paragraph to deploy advanced transportation and congestion management technologies, including— 
‘‘(i) advanced traveler information systems; ‘‘(ii) advanced transportation management 
technologies; 
‘‘(iii) infrastructure maintenance, monitoring, 
and condition assessment; 
‘‘(iv) advanced public transportation systems; ‘‘(v) transportation system performance data 
collection, analysis, and dissemination systems; 
‘‘(vi) advanced safety systems, including vehi-
cle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure com-munications, technologies associated with au-tonomous vehicles, and other collision avoid-ance technologies, including systems using cel-lular technology; 
‘‘(vii) integration of intelligent transportation 
systems with the Smart Grid and other energy distribution and charging systems; 
‘‘(viii) electronic pricing and payment sys-
tems; or 
‘‘(ix) advanced mobility and access tech-
nologies, such as dynamic ridesharing and in-formation systems to support human services for elderly and disabled individuals. 
‘‘(F) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—For each eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this para-graph, not later than 1 year after the entity re-ceives the grant, and each year thereafter, the entity shall submit a report to the Secretary that describes— 
‘‘(i) deployment and operational costs of the 
project compared to the benefits and savings the project provides; and 
‘‘(ii) how the project has met the original ex-
pectations projected in the deployment plan sub-mitted with the application, such as— 
‘‘(I) data on how the project has helped re-
duce traffic crashes, congestion, costs, and other benefits of the deployed systems; 
‘‘(II) data on the effect of measuring and im-
proving transportation system performance through the deployment of advanced tech-nologies; ‘‘(III) the effectiveness of providing real-time 
integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to the public to make informed travel decisions; and 
‘‘(IV) lessons learned and recommendations 
for future deployment strategies to optimize transportation efficiency and multimodal system performance. 
‘‘(G) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date that the first grant is awarded under this paragraph, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall make available to the public on an Internet website a report that describes the effectiveness of grant recipients in meeting their projected deployment plans, including data pro-vided under subparagraph (F) on how the pro-gram has— 
‘‘(i) reduced traffic-related fatalities and inju-
ries; 
‘‘(ii) reduced traffic congestion and improved 
travel time reliability; 
‘‘(iii) reduced transportation-related emis-
sions; 
‘‘(iv) optimized multimodal system perform-
ance; 
‘‘(v) improved access to transportation alter-
natives; 
‘‘(vi) provided the public with access to real- 
time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to make informed travel decisions; 
‘‘(vii) provided cost savings to transportation 
agencies, businesses, and the traveling public; or 
‘‘(viii) provided other benefits to transpor-
tation users and the general public. 
‘‘(H) A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—The Secretary 
may cease to provide additional grant funds to a recipient of a grant under this paragraph if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines from such recipi-
ent’s report that the recipient is not carrying out the requirements of the grant; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary provides written notice 60 
days prior to withholding funds to the Commit-tees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Environ-ment and Public Works and Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
‘‘(I) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—From funds made available 
to carry out subsection (b), this subsection, and sections 512 through 518, the Secretary shall set aside for grants awarded under subparagraph (D) $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(ii) E
XPENSES FOR THE SECRETARY .—Of the 
amounts set aside under clause (i), the Secretary may set aside $2,000,000 each fiscal year for pro-gram reporting, evaluation, and administrative costs related to this paragraph. 
‘‘(J) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project for which a grant is award-ed under this subsection shall not exceed 50 per-cent of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(K) G
RANT LIMITATION .—The Secretary may 
not award more than 20 percent of the amount described under subparagraph (I) in a fiscal year to a single grant recipient. 
‘‘(L) E
XPENSES FOR GRANT RECIPIENTS .—A 
grant recipient under this paragraph may use not more than 5 percent of the funds awarded each fiscal year to carry out planning and re-porting requirements. 
‘‘(M) G
RANT FLEXIBILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If, by August 1 of each fis-
cal year, the Secretary determines that there are not enough grant applications that meet the re-quirements described in subparagraph (C) to carry out this section for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall transfer to the programs specified in clause (ii)— 
‘‘(I) any of the funds reserved for the fiscal 
year under subparagraph (I) that the Secretary has not yet awarded under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(II) an amount of obligation limitation equal 
to the amount of funds that the Secretary trans-fers under subclause (I). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8745 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(ii) P ROGRAMS .—The programs referred to in 
clause (i) are— 
‘‘(I) the program under subsection (b); ‘‘(II) the program under this subsection; and ‘‘(III) the programs under sections 512 
through 518. 
‘‘(iii) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Any transfer of funds 
and obligation limitation under clause (i) shall be divided among the programs referred to in that clause in the same proportions as the Sec-retary originally reserved funding from the pro-grams for the fiscal year under subparagraph (I). 
‘‘(N) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the 
following definitions apply: 
‘‘(i) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means a State or local government, a transit agency, metropolitan planning organization representing a population of over 200,000, or other political subdivision of a State or local government or a multijurisdictional group or a consortia of research institutions or academic institutions. 
‘‘(ii) A
DVANCED AND CONGESTION MANAGEMENT  
TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGIES .—The term ‘ad-
vanced transportation and congestion manage-ment technologies’ means technologies that im-prove the efficiency, safety, or state of good re-pair of surface transportation systems, includ-ing intelligent transportation systems. 
‘‘(iii) M
ULTIJURISDICTIONAL GROUP .—The term 
‘multijurisdictional group’ means a any com-bination of State governments, local govern-ments, metropolitan planning agencies, transit agencies, or other political subdivisions of a State for which each member of the group— 
‘‘(I) has signed a written agreement to imple-
ment the advanced transportation technologies deployment initiative across jurisdictional boundaries; and 
‘‘(II) is an eligible entity under this para-
graph.’’. 
SEC. 6005. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM GOALS. 
Section 514(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (5) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) enhancement of the national freight sys-
tem and support to national freight policy goals.’’. 
SEC. 6006. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM PURPOSES. 
Section 514(b) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) to assist in the development of cyberse-
curity research in cooperation with relevant modal administrations of the Department of Transportation and other Federal agencies to help prevent hacking, spoofing, and disruption of connected and automated transportation ve-hicles.’’. 
SEC. 6007. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM PROGRAM REPORT. 
Section 515(h)(4) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A)— 
(1) by striking ‘‘February 1 of each year after 
the date of enactment of the Transportation Re-search and Innovative Technology Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1 of each year’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘submit to Congress’’ and in-
serting ‘‘make available to the public on a De-partment of Transportation website’’. 
SEC. 6008. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEM NATIONAL ARCHITECTURE AND STANDARDS. 
Section 517(a)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘memberships are comprised of, and represent,’’ and inserting 
‘‘memberships include representatives of’’. 
SEC. 6009. COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS DEPLOY-
MENT REPORT. 
Section 518(a) of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 3’’ and all that follows through ‘‘House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than July 6, 2016, the Sec-retary shall make available to the public on a Department of Transportation website a re-port’’. 
SEC. 6010. INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 519. Infrastructure development 
‘‘Funds made available to carry out this chap-
ter for operational tests of intelligent transpor-tation systems— 
‘‘(1) shall be used primarily for the develop-
ment of intelligent transportation system infra-structure, equipment, and systems; and 
‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, shall 
not be used for the construction of physical sur-face transportation infrastructure unless the construction is incidental and critically nec-essary to the implementation of an intelligent transportation system project.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘519. Infrastructure development.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The item relating 
to section 512 in the analysis for chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘512. National ITS program plan.’’. 
SEC. 6011. DEPARTMENTAL RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) A SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR RESEARCH AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—Section 102(e)(1) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by striking ‘‘5’’ and inserting ‘‘6’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘an As-
sistant Secretary for Research and Tech-nology,’’ after ‘‘Governmental Affairs,’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—Section 330 of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ con-
tracts ’’ and inserting ‘‘ activities ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of’’ and inserting ‘‘I NGENERAL .—The 
Secretary of’’; 
(3) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘In carrying’’ 
and inserting ‘‘R ESPONSIBILITIES .—In car-
rying’’; 
(4) in subsection (c) by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting ‘‘P UBLICATIONS .—The 
Secretary’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
UTIES .—The Secretary shall provide for 
the following: 
‘‘(1) Coordination, facilitation, and review of 
Department of Transportation research and de-velopment programs and activities. 
‘‘(2) Advancement, and research and develop-
ment, of innovative technologies, including in-telligent transportation systems. 
‘‘(3) Comprehensive transportation statistics 
research, analysis, and reporting. 
‘‘(4) Education and training in transportation 
and transportation-related fields. 
‘‘(5) Activities of the Volpe National Trans-
portation Systems Center. 
‘‘(6) Coordination in support of multimodal 
and multidisciplinary research activities. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—The Sec-
retary may— 
‘‘(1) enter into grants and cooperative agree-
ments with Federal agencies, State and local government agencies, other public entities, pri-vate organizations, and other persons to con-duct research into transportation service and in-
frastructure assurance and to carry out other research activities of the Department of Trans-portation; 
‘‘(2) carry out, on a cost-shared basis, collabo-
rative research and development to encourage innovative solutions to multimodal transpor-tation problems and stimulate the deployment of new technology with— 
‘‘(A) non-Federal entities, including State and 
local governments, foreign governments, institu-tions of higher education, corporations, institu-tions, partnerships, sole proprietorships, and trade associations that are incorporated or es-tablished under the laws of any State; 
‘‘(B) Federal laboratories; and ‘‘(C) other Federal agencies; and ‘‘(3) directly initiate contracts, grants, cooper-
ative research and development agreements (as defined in section 12(d) of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a(d))), and other agreements to fund, and accept funds from, the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies, State depart-ments of transportation, cities, counties, institu-tions of higher education, associations, and the agents of those entities to carry out joint trans-portation research and technology efforts. 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Federal share of the cost of an activity car-ried out under subsection (e)(3) shall not exceed 50 percent. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary determines 
that the activity is of substantial public interest or benefit, the Secretary may approve a greater Federal share. 
‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—All costs directly 
incurred by the non-Federal partners, including personnel, travel, facility, and hardware devel-opment costs, shall be credited toward the non- Federal share of the cost of an activity described in subsection (e)(3). 
‘‘(g) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION AND OVERSIGHT .— 
For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary is authorized to expend not more than 1 
1⁄2percent of the amounts authorized to be ap-
propriated for the coordination, evaluation, and oversight of the programs administered by the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF TECHNOLOGY .—The research, de-
velopment, or use of a technology under a con-tract, grant, cooperative research and develop-ment agreement, or other agreement entered into under this section, including the terms under which the technology may be licensed and the resulting royalties may be distributed, shall be subject to the Stevenson-Wydler Technology In-novation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
‘‘(i) W
AIVER OF ADVERTISING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 6101 of title 41 shall not apply 
to a contract, grant, or other agreement entered into under this section.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The item relating 
to section 330 in the analysis of chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘330. Research activities.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ITLE 5 AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) P OSITIONS AT LEVEL II .—Section 5313 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘The Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.’’. 
(B) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL IV .—Section 5315 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended in the undesignated item relating to Assistant Secre-taries of Transportation by striking ‘‘(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)’’. 
(C) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL V .—Section 5316 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Associate Deputy Secretary, Department of Transportation.’’. 
(2) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATISTICS .— 
Section 6302 of title 49, United States Code, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8746 December 1, 2015 
amended by striking subsection (a) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be within the 
Department of Transportation the Bureau of Transportation Statistics.’’. 
SEC. 6012. RESEARCH AND INNOVATIVE TECH-
NOLOGY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 112 of title 49, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 1 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 112. 
SEC. 6013. WEB-BASED TRAINING FOR EMER-
GENCY RESPONDERS. 
Section 5115(a) of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended in the first sentence by inserting ‘‘, including online curriculum as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘a current curriculum of courses’’. 
SEC. 6014. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS RESEARCH 
AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 5118 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) coordinate, as appropriate, with other 
Federal agencies.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the program es-
tablished under subsection (a), the Secretary may carry out cooperative research on haz-ardous materials transport. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL ACADEMIES .—The Secretary 
may enter into an agreement with the National Academies to support research described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) R
ESEARCH .—Research conducted under 
this subsection may include activities relating to— 
‘‘(A) emergency planning and response, in-
cluding information and programs that can be readily assessed and implemented in local juris-dictions; 
‘‘(B) risk analysis and perception and data 
assessment; 
‘‘(C) commodity flow data, including vol-
untary collaboration between shippers and first responders for secure data exchange of critical information; 
‘‘(D) integration of safety and security; ‘‘(E) cargo packaging and handling; ‘‘(F) hazmat release consequences; and ‘‘(G) materials and equipment testing.’’. 
SEC. 6015. OFFICE OF INTERMODALISM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 5503 of title 49, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 55 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5503. 
SEC. 6016. UNIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CEN-
TERS. 
Section 5505 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5505. University transportation centers pro-
gram 
‘‘(a) U NIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CENTERS  
PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT AND OPERATION .—The 
Secretary shall make grants under this section to eligible nonprofit institutions of higher edu-cation to establish and operate university trans-portation centers. 
‘‘(2) R
OLE OF CENTERS .—The role of each uni-
versity transportation center referred to in para-graph (1) shall be— 
‘‘(A) to advance transportation expertise and 
technology in the varied disciplines that com-prise the field of transportation through edu-cation, research, and technology transfer activi-ties; ‘‘(B) to provide for a critical transportation 
knowledge base outside of the Department of Transportation; and 
‘‘(C) to address critical workforce needs and 
educate the next generation of transportation leaders. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPETITIVE SELECTION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATIONS .—To receive a grant under 
this section, a consortium of nonprofit institu-tions of higher education shall submit to the Secretary an application that is in such form and contains such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTION .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—A lead institution of a con-
sortium of nonprofit institutions of higher edu-cation, as applicable, may only receive 1 grant per fiscal year for each of the transportation centers described under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CONSORTIUM MEMBERS  
THAT ARE NOT LEAD INSTITUTIONS .—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not apply to a nonprofit institu-tion of higher education that is a member of a consortium of nonprofit institutions of higher education but not the lead institution of such consortium. 
‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall so-
licit grant applications for national transpor-tation centers, regional transportation centers, and Tier 1 university transportation centers with identical advertisement schedules and deadlines. 
‘‘(4) G
ENERAL SELECTION CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by this section, the Secretary shall award grants under this section in nonexclusive can-didate topic areas established by the Secretary that address the research priorities identified in chapter 65. 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology and the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration and other modal administrations as appropriate, shall se-lect each recipient of a grant under this section through a competitive process based on the as-sessment of the Secretary relating to— 
‘‘(i) the demonstrated ability of the recipient 
to address each specific topic area described in the research and strategic plans of the recipient; 
‘‘(ii) the demonstrated research, technology 
transfer, and education resources available to the recipient to carry out this section; 
‘‘(iii) the ability of the recipient to provide 
leadership in solving immediate and long-range national and regional transportation problems; 
‘‘(iv) the ability of the recipient to carry out 
research, education, and technology transfer ac-tivities that are multimodal and multidisci-plinary in scope; 
‘‘(v) the demonstrated commitment of the re-
cipient to carry out transportation workforce development programs through— 
‘‘(I) degree-granting programs or programs 
that provide other industry-recognized creden-tials; and 
‘‘(II) outreach activities to attract new en-
trants into the transportation field, including women and underrepresented populations; 
‘‘(vi) the demonstrated ability of the recipient 
to disseminate results and spur the implementa-tion of transportation research and education programs through national or statewide con-tinuing education programs; 
‘‘(vii) the demonstrated commitment of the re-
cipient to the use of peer review principles and other research best practices in the selection, management, and dissemination of research projects; 
‘‘(viii) the strategic plan submitted by the re-
cipient describing the proposed research to be carried out by the recipient and the performance metrics to be used in assessing the performance of the recipient in meeting the stated research, technology transfer, education, and outreach goals; and 
‘‘(ix) the ability of the recipient to implement 
the proposed program in a cost-efficient manner, such as through cost sharing and overall re-
duced overhead, facilities, and administrative costs. 
‘‘(5) T
RANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide to each applicant, upon request, any mate-rials, including copies of reviews (with any in-formation that would identify a reviewer re-dacted), used in the evaluation process of the proposal of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the Committees on Transportation and Infra-structure and Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report describing the overall review process under paragraph (4) that includes— 
‘‘(i) specific criteria of evaluation used in the 
review; 
‘‘(ii) descriptions of the review process; and ‘‘(iii) explanations of the selected awards. ‘‘(6) O
UTSIDE STAKEHOLDERS .—The Secretary 
shall, to the maximum extent practicable, con-sult external stakeholders, including the Trans-portation Research Board of the National Re-search Council of the National Academies, to evaluate and competitively review all proposals. 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall select grant recipients under sub-section (b) and make grant amounts available to the selected recipients. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL TRANSPORTATION CENTERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall provide grants to 5 con-sortia that the Secretary determines best meet the criteria described in subsection (b)(4). 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, a 
grant made available under this paragraph shall be not greater than $4,000,000 and not less than $2,000,000 per recipient. 
‘‘(ii) F
OCUSED RESEARCH .—A consortium re-
ceiving a grant under this paragraph shall focus research on 1 of the transportation issue areas specified in section 6503(c). 
‘‘(C) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiving 
a grant under this paragraph, a grant recipient shall match 100 percent of the amounts made available under the grant. 
‘‘(ii) S
OURCES .—The matching amounts re-
ferred to in clause (i) may include amounts made available to the recipient under— 
‘‘(I) section 504(b) of title 23; or ‘‘(II) section 505 of title 23. ‘‘(3) R
EGIONAL UNIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION  
CENTERS .— 
‘‘(A) L OCATION OF REGIONAL CENTERS .—One 
regional university transportation center shall be located in each of the 10 Federal regions that comprise the Standard Federal Regions estab-lished by the Office of Management and Budget in the document entitled ‘Standard Federal Re-gions’ and dated April 1974 (circular A–105). 
‘‘(B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In conducting a 
competition under subsection (b), the Secretary shall provide grants to 10 consortia on the basis of— 
‘‘(i) the criteria described in subsection (b)(4); ‘‘(ii) the location of the lead center within the 
Federal region to be served; and 
‘‘(iii) whether the consortium of institutions 
demonstrates that the consortium has a well-es-tablished, nationally recognized program in transportation research and education, as evi-denced by— 
‘‘(I) recent expenditures by the institution in 
highway or public transportation research; 
‘‘(II) a historical track record of awarding 
graduate degrees in professional fields closely related to highways and public transportation; and 
‘‘(III) an experienced faculty who specialize 
in professional fields closely related to highways and public transportation. 
‘‘(C) R
ESTRICTIONS .—For each fiscal year, a 
grant made available under this paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8747 December 1, 2015 
shall be not greater than $3,000,000 and not less 
than $1,500,000 per recipient. 
‘‘(D) M ATCHING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiving 
a grant under this paragraph, a grant recipient shall match 100 percent of the amounts made available under the grant. 
‘‘(ii) S
OURCES .—The matching amounts re-
ferred to in clause (i) may include amounts made available to the recipient under— 
‘‘(I) section 504(b) of title 23; or ‘‘(II) section 505 of title 23. ‘‘(E) F
OCUSED RESEARCH .—The Secretary shall 
make a grant to 1 of the 10 regional university transportation centers established under this paragraph for the purpose of furthering the ob-jectives described in subsection (a)(2) in the field of comprehensive transportation safety, conges-tion, connected vehicles, connected infrastruc-ture, and autonomous vehicles. 
‘‘(4) T
IER 1 UNIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CEN -
TERS.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide grants of not greater than $2,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000 to not more than 20 re-cipients to carry out this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiving 
a grant under this paragraph, a grant recipient shall match 50 percent of the amounts made available under the grant. 
‘‘(ii) S
OURCES .—The matching amounts re-
ferred to in clause (i) may include amounts made available to the recipient under— 
‘‘(I) section 504(b) of title 23; or ‘‘(II) section 505 of title 23. ‘‘(C) F
OCUSED RESEARCH .—In awarding grants 
under this section, consideration shall be given to minority institutions, as defined by section 365 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067k), or consortia that include such in-stitutions that have demonstrated an ability in transportation-related research. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM COORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate the research, education, and 
technology transfer activities carried out by grant recipients under this section; and 
‘‘(B) disseminate the results of that research 
through the establishment and operation of a publicly accessible online information clearing-house. 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REVIEW AND EVALUATION .—Not 
less frequently than annually, and consistent with the plan developed under section 6503, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) review and evaluate the programs car-
ried out under this section by grant recipients; and 
‘‘(B) submit to the Committees on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure and Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Environment and Public Works and Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report describing that re-view and evaluation. 
‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION AND OVERSIGHT .— 
For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall expend not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out this section for any coordination, evaluation, and oversight activi-ties of the Secretary under this section. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF  
AMOUNTS .—Amounts made available to the Sec-
retary to carry out this section shall remain available for obligation by the Secretary for a period of 3 years after the last day of the fiscal year for which the amounts are authorized. 
‘‘(f) I
NFORMATION COLLECTION .—Any survey, 
questionnaire, or interview that the Secretary determines to be necessary to carry out report-ing requirements relating to any program assess-ment or evaluation activity under this section, including customer satisfaction assessments, shall not be subject to chapter 35 of title 44.’’. 
SEC. 6017. BUREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS-
TICS. 
Section 6302 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I NDEPENDENCE OF BUREAU .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall not be 
required— 
‘‘(A) to obtain the approval of any other offi-
cer or employee of the Department with respect to the collection or analysis of any information; or 
‘‘(B) prior to publication, to obtain the ap-
proval of any other officer or employee of the United States Government with respect to the substance of any statistical technical reports or press releases lawfully prepared by the Director. 
‘‘(2) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .—The Director shall 
have a significant role in the disposition and al-location of the authorized budget of the Bureau, including— 
‘‘(A) all hiring, grants, cooperative agree-
ments, and contracts awarded by the Bureau to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) the disposition and allocation of 
amounts paid to the Bureau for cost-reimburs-able projects. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary shall direct 
external support functions, such as the coordi-nation of activities involving multiple modal ad-ministrations. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The Depart-
ment Chief Information Officer shall consult with the Director to ensure decisions related to information technology guarantee the protec-tion of the confidentiality of information pro-vided solely for statistical purposes, in accord-ance with the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note; Public Law 107–347).’’. 
SEC. 6018. PORT PERFORMANCE FREIGHT STATIS-
TICS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 63 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 6314. Port performance freight statistics 
program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall estab-
lish, on behalf of the Secretary, a port perform-ance statistics program to provide nationally consistent measures of performance of, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(1) the Nation’s top 25 ports by tonnage; ‘‘(2) the Nation’s top 25 ports by 20-foot equiv-
alent unit; and 
‘‘(3) the Nation’s top 25 ports by dry bulk. ‘‘(b) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) P ORT CAPACITY AND THROUGHPUT .—Not 
later than January 15 of each year, the Director shall submit an annual report to Congress that includes statistics on capacity and throughput at the ports described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) P
ORT PERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Di-
rector shall collect port performance measures for each of the United States ports referred to in subsection (a) that— 
‘‘(A) receives Federal assistance; or ‘‘(B) is subject to Federal regulation to submit 
necessary information to the Bureau that in-cludes statistics on capacity and throughput as applicable to the specific configuration of the port. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall obtain 
recommendations for— 
‘‘(A) port performance measures, including 
specifications and data measurements to be used in the program established under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) a process for the Department to collect 
timely and consistent data, including identi-fying safeguards to protect proprietary informa-tion described in subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) W
ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Transpor-tation for Tomorrow Act of 2015, the Director shall commission a working group composed of— 
‘‘(A) operating administrations of the Depart-
ment; 
‘‘(B) the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(E) the Marine Transportation System Na-
tional Advisory Council; 
‘‘(F) the Army Corps of Engineers; ‘‘(G) the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development 
Corporation; 
‘‘(H) the Bureau of Labor Statistics; ‘‘(I) the Maritime Advisory Committee for Oc-
cupational Safety and Health; 
‘‘(J) the Advisory Committee on Supply Chain 
Competitiveness; 
‘‘(K) 1 representative from the rail industry; ‘‘(L) 1 representative from the trucking indus-
try; 
‘‘(M) 1 representative from the maritime ship-
ping industry; 
‘‘(N) 1 representative from a labor organiza-
tion for each industry described in subpara-graphs (K) through (M); 
‘‘(O) 1 representative from the International 
Longshoremen’s Association; 
‘‘(P) 1 representative from the International 
Longshore and Warehouse Union; 
‘‘(Q) 1 representative from a port authority; ‘‘(R) 1 representative from a terminal oper-
ator; 
‘‘(S) representatives of the National Freight 
Advisory Committee of the Department; and 
‘‘(T) representatives of the Transportation Re-
search Board of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of the Transportation for Tomorrow Act of 2015, the working group commissioned under paragraph (2) shall submit its recommendations to the Di-rector. 
‘‘(d) A
CCESS TO DATA.—The Director shall en-
sure that— 
‘‘(1) the statistics compiled under this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(A) are readily accessible to the public; and ‘‘(B) are consistent with applicable security 
constraints and confidentiality interests; and 
‘‘(2) the data acquired, regardless of source, 
shall be protected in accordance with the Con-fidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note; Pub-lic Law 107–347).’’. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN DISCLOSURES ; 
COPIES OF REPORTS .—Section 6307(b) of such 
title is amended, by inserting ‘‘or section 6314(b)’’ after ‘‘section 6302(b)(3)(B)’’ each place it appears. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 63 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘6314. Port performance freight statistics pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 6019. RESEARCH PLANNING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) Federal transportation research plan-
ning— 
(A) should be coordinated by the Office of the 
Secretary; and 
(B) should be, to the extent practicable, 
multimodal and not occur solely within the sub- agencies of the Department; 
(2) managing a multimodal research portfolio 
within the Office of the Secretary will— 
(A) help identify opportunities in which re-
search could be applied across modes; and 
(B) prevent duplication of efforts and waste of 
limited Federal resources; 
(3) the Assistant Secretary for Research and 
Technology at the Department of Transpor-tation will— 
(A) give stakeholders a formal opportunity to 
address concerns; 
(B) ensure unbiased research; and (C) improve the overall research products of 
the Department; and 
(4) increasing transparency of transportation 
research and development efforts will— 
(A) build stakeholder confidence in the final 
product; and 
(B) lead to the improved implementation of re-
search findings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8748 December 1, 2015 
(b) R ESEARCH PLANNING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after chap-ter 63 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 65—RESEARCH PLANNING 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘6501. Annual modal research plans. ‘‘6502. Consolidated research database. ‘‘6503. Transportation research and development 
5-year strategic plan. 
‘‘SEC. 6501. ANNUAL MODAL RESEARCH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) M ODAL PLANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than May 1 of 
each year, the head of each modal administra-tion and joint program office of the Department of Transportation shall submit to the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation (referred to in this chapter as the ‘Assistant Secretary’) a com-prehensive annual modal research plan for the upcoming fiscal year and a detailed outlook for the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) R
ELATIONSHIP TO STRATEGIC PLAN .—Each 
plan submitted under paragraph (1), after the plan required in 2016, shall be consistent with the strategic plan developed under section 6503. 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 1 
of each year, the Assistant Secretary, for each plan and outlook submitted pursuant to sub-section (a), shall— 
‘‘(A) review the scope of the research; and ‘‘(B)(i) approve the plan and outlook; or ‘‘(ii) request that the plan and outlook be re-
vised and resubmitted for approval. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATIONS .—Not later than January 
30 of each year, the Secretary shall publish on a public website each plan and outlook that has been approved under paragraph (1)(B)(i). 
‘‘(3) R
EJECTION OF DUPLICATIVE RESEARCH EF -
FORTS .—The Assistant Secretary may not ap-
prove any plan submitted by the head of a modal administration or joint program office pursuant to subsection (a) if any of the projects described in the plan duplicate significant as-pects of research efforts of any other modal ad-ministration. 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .—No funds may be 
expended by the Department of Transportation on research that has been determined by the As-sistant Secretary under subsection (b)(3) to be duplicative unless— 
‘‘(1) the research is required by an Act of Con-
gress; 
‘‘(2) the research was part of a contract that 
was funded before the date of enactment of this chapter; 
‘‘(3) the research updates previously commis-
sioned research; or 
‘‘(4) the Assistant Secretary certifies to Con-
gress that such research is necessary, and pro-vides justification for such certification. 
‘‘(d) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally certify to Congress that— 
‘‘(A) each modal research plan has been re-
viewed; and 
‘‘(B) there is no duplication of study for re-
search directed, commissioned, or conducted by the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(2) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—If the Sec-
retary, after submitting a certification under paragraph (1), identifies duplication of research within the Department of Transportation, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) notify Congress of the duplicative re-
search; and 
‘‘(B) submit to Congress a corrective action 
plan to eliminate the duplicative research. 
‘‘SEC. 6502. CONSOLIDATED RESEARCH DATA-
BASE. 
‘‘(a) R ESEARCH ABSTRACT DATABASE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally publish on a public website a comprehensive database of all research projects conducted by the Department of Transportation, including, to the extent practicable, research funded through University Transportation Centers. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The database published 
under paragraph (1) shall, to the extent prac-ticable— 
‘‘(A) include the consolidated modal research 
plans approved under section 6501(b)(1)(B)(i); 
‘‘(B) describe the research objectives, progress, 
findings, and allocated funds for each research project; 
‘‘(C) identify research projects with 
multimodal applications; 
‘‘(D) specify how relevant modal administra-
tions have assisted, will contribute to, or plan to use the findings from the research projects iden-tified under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(E) identify areas in which more than 1 
modal administration is conducting research on a similar subject or a subject that has a bearing on more than 1 mode; 
‘‘(F) indicate how the findings of research are 
being disseminated to improve the efficiency, ef-fectiveness, and safety of transportation sys-tems; and 
‘‘(G) describe the public and stakeholder input 
to the research plans submitted under section 6501(a)(1). 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING REPORT .—In conjunction with 
each of the annual budget requests submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary shall annually publish on a public website and submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report that describes— 
‘‘(1) the amount spent in the last full fiscal 
year on transportation research and develop-ment with specific descriptions of projects fund-ed at $5,000,000 or more; and 
‘‘(2) the amount proposed in the current budg-
et for transportation research and development with specific descriptions of projects funded at $5,000,000 or more. 
‘‘(c) P
ERFORMANCE PLANS AND REPORTS .—In 
the plans and reports submitted under sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31, the Secretary shall in-clude— 
‘‘(1) a summary of the Federal transportation 
research and development activities for the pre-vious fiscal year in each topic area; 
‘‘(2) the amount spent in each topic area; ‘‘(3) a description of the extent to which the 
research and development is meeting the expec-tations described in section 6503(c)(1); and 
‘‘(4) any amendments to the strategic plan de-
veloped under section 6503. 
‘‘SEC. 6503. TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH AND 
DEVELOPMENT 5-YEAR STRATEGIC PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a 5-year transportation research and de-velopment strategic plan to guide future Federal transportation research and development activi-ties. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSISTENCY .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under subsection (a) shall be consistent with— 
‘‘(1) section 306 of title 5; ‘‘(2) sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31; and ‘‘(3) any other research and development plan 
within the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan developed 
under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) describe how the plan furthers the pri-
mary purposes of the transportation research and development program, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(A) improving mobility of people and goods; ‘‘(B) reducing congestion; ‘‘(C) promoting safety; ‘‘(D) improving the durability and extending 
the life of transportation infrastructure; 
‘‘(E) preserving the environment; and ‘‘(F) preserving the existing transportation 
system; 
‘‘(2) for each of the purposes referred to in 
paragraph (1), list the primary proposed re-search and development activities that the De-partment of Transportation intends to pursue to accomplish that purpose, which may include— 
‘‘(A) fundamental research pertaining to the 
applied physical and natural sciences; ‘‘(B) applied science and research; 
‘‘(C) technology development research; and ‘‘(D) social science research; and ‘‘(3) for each research and development activ-
ity— 
‘‘(A) identify the anticipated annual funding 
levels for the period covered by the strategic plan; and 
‘‘(B) describe the research findings the De-
partment expects to discover at the end of the period covered by the strategic plan. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the strategic plan developed under this section— 
‘‘(1) reflects input from a wide range of exter-
nal stakeholders; 
‘‘(2) includes and integrates the research and 
development programs of all of the modal ad-ministrations of the Department of Transpor-tation, including aviation, transit, rail, and maritime and joint programs; 
‘‘(3) takes into account research and develop-
ment by other Federal, State, local, private sec-tor, and nonprofit institutions; 
‘‘(4) not later than December 31, 2016, is pub-
lished on a public website; and 
‘‘(5) takes into account how research and de-
velopment by other Federal, State, private sec-tor, and nonprofit institutions— 
‘‘(A) contributes to the achievement of the 
purposes identified under subsection (c)(1); and 
‘‘(B) avoids unnecessary duplication of those 
efforts. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 2 1⁄2 
years after the date of enactment of this chap-ter, the Secretary may publish on a public website an interim report that— 
‘‘(1) provides an assessment of the 5-year re-
search and development strategic plan of the Department of Transportation described in this section; and 
‘‘(2) includes a description of the extent to 
which the research and development is or is not successfully meeting the purposes described under subsection (c)(1).’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for subtitle III of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘63. Bureau of Transportation Statis-
tics ................................................ 6301
‘‘65. Research planning ....................... 6501’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C HAPTER 5 OF TITLE 23 .—Chapter 5 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking section 508; (B) in the table of contents, by striking the 
item relating to section 508; 
(C) in section 502— (i) in subsection (a)(9), by striking ‘‘transpor-
tation research and technology development strategic plan developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and develop-ment strategic plan under section 6503 of title 49’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘transpor-
tation research and development strategic plan of the Secretary developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and de-velopment strategic plan under section 6503 of title 49’’; and 
(D) in section 512(b), by striking ‘‘as part of 
the transportation research and development strategic plan developed under section 508’’. 
(2) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS .— 
The Intelligent Transportation Systems Act of 1998 (23 U.S.C. 502 note; Public Law 105–178) is amended— 
(A) in section 5205(b), by striking ‘‘as part of 
the Surface Transportation Research and Devel-opment Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘as part of the transportation research and development stra-tegic plan under section 6503 of title 49’’; and 
(B) in section 5206(e)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘or the 
Surface Transportation Research and Develop-ment Strategic Plan developed under section 508 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8749 December 1, 2015 
of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘or the transportation 
research and development strategic plan under section 6503 of title 49’’. 
(3) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM RE -
SEARCH .—Section 5305(h)(3)(A) of SAFETEA–LU 
(23 U.S.C. 512 note; Public Law 109–59) is amended by striking ‘‘the strategic plan under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘the 5-year strategic plan under 6503 of title 49, United States Code’’. 
SEC. 6020. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM 
FUNDING ALTERNATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a program to provide grants to States to demonstrate user-based alternative revenue mechanisms that utilize a user fee structure to maintain the long-term solvency of the Highway Trust Fund. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this section, a State or group of States shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
(c) O
BJECTIVES .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the activities carried out using funds pro-vided under this section meet the following ob-jectives: 
(1) To test the design, acceptance, and imple-
mentation of 2 or more future user-based alter-native revenue mechanisms. 
(2) To improve the functionality of such user- 
based alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(3) To conduct outreach to increase public 
awareness regarding the need for alternative funding sources for surface transportation pro-grams and to provide information on possible approaches. 
(4) To provide recommendations regarding 
adoption and implementation of user-based al-ternative revenue mechanisms. 
(5) To minimize the administrative cost of any 
potential user-based alternative revenue mecha-nisms. 
(d) U
SE OF FUNDS.—A State or group of States 
receiving funds under this section to test the de-sign, acceptance, and implementation of a user- based alternative revenue mechanism— 
(1) shall address— (A) the implementation, interoperability, pub-
lic acceptance, and other potential hurdles to the adoption of the user-based alternative rev-enue mechanism; 
(B) the protection of personal privacy; (C) the use of independent and private third- 
party vendors to collect fees and operate the user-based alternative revenue mechanism; 
(D) market-based congestion mitigation, if ap-
propriate; 
(E) equity concerns, including the impacts of 
the user-based alternative revenue mechanism on differing income groups, various geographic areas, and the relative burdens on rural and urban drivers; 
(F) ease of compliance for different users of 
the transportation system; and 
(G) the reliability and security of technology 
used to implement the user-based alternative revenue mechanism; and 
(2) may address— (A) the flexibility and choices of user-based 
alternative revenue mechanisms, including the ability of users to select from various technology and payment options; 
(B) the cost of administering the user-based 
alternative revenue mechanism; and 
(C) the ability of the administering entity to 
audit and enforce user compliance. 
(e) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Secretary shall con-
sider geographic diversity in awarding grants under this section. 
(f) L
IMITATIONS ON REVENUE COLLECTED .— 
Any revenue collected through a user-based al-ternative revenue mechanism established using funds provided under this section shall not be considered a toll under section 301 of title 23, United States Code. 
(g) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the 
cost of an activity carried out under this section may not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of 
the activity. 
(h) R EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Not later than 1 
year after the date on which the first eligible entity receives a grant under this section, and each year thereafter, each recipient of a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes— 
(1) how the demonstration activities carried 
out with grant funds meet the objectives de-scribed in subsection (c); and 
(2) lessons learned for future deployment of 
alternative revenue mechanisms that utilize a user fee structure. 
(i) B
IENNIAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the completion of the demonstration activities under this section, the Secretary shall make available to the public on an Internet website a report describing the progress of the demonstration activities. 
(j) F
UNDING .—Of the funds authorized to 
carry out section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code— 
(1) $15,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section for fiscal year 2016; and 
(2) $20,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
(k) G
RANT FLEXIBILITY .—If, by August 1 of 
each fiscal year, the Secretary determines that there are not enough grant applications that meet the requirements of this section for a fiscal year, Secretary shall transfer to the program under section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code— 
(1) any of the funds reserved for the fiscal 
year under subsection (j) that the Secretary has not yet awarded under this section; and 
(2) an amount of obligation limitation equal to 
the amount of funds that the Secretary transfers under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 6021. FUTURE INTERSTATE STUDY. 
(a) F UTURE INTERSTATE SYSTEM STUDY .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies to conduct a study on the actions needed to upgrade and re-store the Dwight D. Eisenhower National Sys-tem of Interstate and Defense Highways to its role as a premier system that meets the growing and shifting demands of the 21st century. 
(b) M
ETHODOLOGIES .—In conducting the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall build on the methodologies examined and rec-ommended in the report prepared for the Amer-ican Association of State Highway and Trans-portation Officials titled ‘‘National Cooperative Highway Research Program Project 20–24(79): Specifications for a National Study of the Fu-ture 3R, 4R, and Capacity Needs of the Inter-state System’’, dated December 2013. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF STUDY .—The study— 
(1) shall include specific recommendations re-
garding the features, standards, capacity needs, application of technologies, and intergovern-mental roles to upgrade the Interstate System, including any revisions to law (including regu-lations) that the Transportation Research Board determines appropriate; and 
(2) is encouraged to build on the institutional 
knowledge in the highway industry in applying the techniques involved in implementing the study. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall determine the need for reconstruction and im-provement of the Interstate System by consid-ering— 
(1) future demands on transportation infra-
structure determined for national planning pur-poses, including commercial and private traffic flows to serve future economic activity and growth; 
(2) the expected condition of the current Inter-
state System over the period of 50 years begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, in-
cluding long-term deterioration and reconstruc-tion needs; 
(3) features that would take advantage of 
technological capabilities to address modern standards of construction, maintenance, and operations, for purposes of safety, and system management, taking into further consideration system performance and cost; 
(4) those National Highway System routes 
that should be added to the existing Interstate System to more efficiently serve national traffic flows; and 
(5) the resources necessary to maintain and 
improve the Interstate System, including the re-sources required to upgrade the National High-way System routes identified in paragraph (4) to Interstate standards. 
(e) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board— 
(1) shall convene and consult with a panel of 
national experts, including operators and users of the Interstate System and private sector stakeholders; and 
(2) is encouraged to consult with— (A) the Federal Highway Administration; (B) States; (C) planning agencies at the metropolitan, 
State, and regional levels; 
(D) the motor carrier industry; (E) freight shippers; (F) highway safety groups; and (G) other appropriate entities. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Transpor-tation Research Board shall submit to the Sec-retary, the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under this section. 
(g) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Develop-ment Program, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section not more than $5,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016. 
SEC. 6022. HIGHWAY EFFICIENCY. 
(a) S TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may examine 
the impact of pavement durability and sustain-ability on vehicle fuel consumption, vehicle wear and tear, road conditions, and road re-pairs. 
(2) M
ETHODOLOGY .—In carrying out the 
study, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct a thorough review of relevant 
peer-reviewed research published during at least the past 5 years; 
(B) analyze impacts of different types of pave-
ment on all motor vehicle types, including com-mercial vehicles; 
(C) specifically examine the impact of pave-
ment deformation and deflection; and 
(D) analyze impacts of different types of pave-
ment on road conditions and road repairs. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the 
study, the Secretary shall consult with— 
(A) modal administrations of the Department 
and other Federal agencies, including the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology; 
(B) State departments of transportation; (C) industry stakeholders; and (D) appropriate academic experts. (b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish on a public website a report de-scribing the results of the study. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— 
(A) a summary of the different types of pave-
ments analyzed in the study and the impacts of pavement durability and sustainability on safe-ty, vehicle fuel consumption, vehicle wear and tear, road conditions, and road repairs; and 
(B) recommendations for State and local gov-
ernments on best practice methods for improving pavement durability and sustainability to maxi-mize vehicle fuel economy, improve safety, ride 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8750 December 1, 2015 
quality, and road conditions, and to minimize 
the need for road and vehicle repairs. 
SEC. 6023. TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGY POL-
ICY WORKING GROUP. 
To improve the scientific pursuit and research 
procedures concerning transportation, the Sec-retary may convene an interagency working group— 
(1) to identify opportunities for coordination 
between the Department and universities and the private sector; and 
(2) to identify and develop a plan to address 
related workforce development needs. 
SEC. 6024. COLLABORATION AND SUPPORT. 
The Secretary may solicit the support of, and 
identify opportunities to collaborate with, other Federal research agencies and national labora-tories to assist in the effective and efficient pur-suit and resolution of research challenges iden-tified by the Secretary. 
SEC. 6025. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(1) assesses the status of autonomous trans-
portation technology policy developed by public entities in the United States; 
(2) assesses the organizational readiness of the 
Department to address autonomous vehicle tech-nology challenges, including consumer privacy protections; and 
(3) recommends implementation paths for au-
tonomous transportation technology, applica-tions, and policies that are based on the assess-ment described in paragraph (2). 
SEC. 6026. TRAFFIC CONGESTION. 
(a) C ONGESTION RESEARCH .—The Secretary 
may conduct research on the reduction of traffic congestion. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Secretary may— 
(1) recommend research to accelerate the 
adoption of transportation management systems that allow traffic to flow in the safest and most efficient manner possible while alleviating cur-rent and future traffic congestion challenges; 
(2) assess and analyze traffic, transit, and 
freight data from various sources relevant to ef-forts to reduce traffic congestion so as to maxi-mize mobility, efficiency, and capacity while de-creasing congestion and travel times; 
(3) examine the use and integration of mul-
tiple data types from multiple sources and tech-nologies, including road weather data, arterial and highway traffic conditions, transit vehicle arrival and departure times, real time naviga-tion routing, construction zone information, and reports of incidents, to suggest improvements in effective communication of such data and infor-mation in real time; 
(4) develop and disseminate suggested strate-
gies and solutions to reduce congestion for high- density traffic regions and to provide mobility in the event of an emergency or natural disaster; and 
(5) collaborate with other relevant Federal 
agencies, State and local agencies, industry and industry associations, and university research centers to fulfill goals and objectives under this section. 
(c) I
DENTIFYING INFORMATION .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that information used pursuant to this section does not contain identifying infor-mation of any individual. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
completion of research under this section, the Secretary may make available on a public website a report on any activities under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 6027. SMART CITIES TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may conduct 
a study of digital technologies and information technologies, including shared mobility, data, transportation network companies, and on-de-mand transportation services— 
(1) to understand the degree to which cities 
are adopting those technologies; (2) to assess future planning, infrastructure, 
and investment needs; and 
(3) to provide best practices to plan for smart 
cities in which information and technology are used— 
(A) to improve city operations; (B) to grow the local economy; (C) to improve response in times of emer-
gencies and natural disasters; and 
(D) to improve the lives of city residents. (b) C
OMPONENTS .—The study conducted under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify broad issues that influence the 
ability of the United States to plan for and in-vest in smart cities, including barriers to col-laboration and access to scientific information; and 
(2) review how the expanded use of digital 
technologies, mobile devices, and information may— 
(A) enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of 
existing transportation networks; 
(B) optimize demand management services; (C) impact low-income and other disadvan-
taged communities; 
(D) assess opportunities to share, collect, and 
use data; 
(E) change current planning and investment 
strategies; and 
(F) provide opportunities for enhanced coordi-
nation and planning. 
(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary may publish the report containing the re-sults of the study conducted under subsection (a) to a public website. 
SEC. 6028. PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATA 
SUPPORT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATA SUP-
PORT.—The Administrator of the Federal High-
way Administration shall develop, use, and maintain data sets and data analysis tools to assist metropolitan planning organizations, States, and the Federal Highway Administra-tion in carrying out performance management analyses (including the performance manage-ment requirements under section 150 of title 23, United States Code). 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The data analysis activities 
authorized under subsection (a) may include— 
(1) collecting and distributing vehicle probe 
data describing traffic on Federal-aid highways; 
(2) collecting household travel behavior data 
to assess local and cross-jurisdictional travel, including to accommodate external and through travel; 
(3) enhancing existing data collection and 
analysis tools to accommodate performance measures, targets, and related data, so as to bet-ter understand trip origin and destination, trip time, and mode; 
(4) enhancing existing data analysis tools to 
improve performance predictions and travel models in reports described in section 150(e) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(5) developing tools— (A) to improve performance analysis; and (B) to evaluate the effects of project invest-
ments on performance. 
(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Develop-ment Program, the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration may use up to $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
TITLE VII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 7001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hazardous Ma-
terials Transportation Safety Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
Subtitle A—Authorizations 
SEC. 7101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 5128 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5128. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this chapter (except sections 5107(e), 5108(g)(2), 5113, 
5115, 5116, and 5119)— 
‘‘(1) $53,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $55,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $57,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $58,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(5) $60,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS FUND.—From the Hazardous Mate-
rials Emergency Preparedness Fund established under section 5116(h), the Secretary may ex-pend, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020— 
‘‘(1) $21,988,000 to carry out section 5116(a); ‘‘(2) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(e); ‘‘(3) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under section 5116(h)(3); and 
‘‘(4) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(i). 
‘‘(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—From the Hazardous Materials Emer-
gency Preparedness Fund established pursuant to section 5116(h), the Secretary may expend $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out section 5107(e). 
‘‘(d) C
OMMUNITY SAFETY GRANTS .—Of the 
amounts made available under subsection (a) to carry out this chapter, the Secretary shall with-hold $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out section 5107(i). 
‘‘(e) C
REDITS TO APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) E XPENSES .—In addition to amounts oth-
erwise made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may credit amounts received from a State, Indian tribe, or other public authority or private entity for expenses the Secretary in-curs in providing training to the State, Indian tribe, authority, or entity. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Material Safety and 
Improvement 
SEC. 7201. NATIONAL EMERGENCY AND DISASTER 
RESPONSE. 
Section 5103 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) F EDERALLY DECLARED DISASTERS AND  
EMERGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may by order 
waive compliance with any part of an applica-ble standard prescribed under this chapter with-out prior notice and comment and on terms the Secretary considers appropriate if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(A) it is in the public interest to grant the 
waiver; 
‘‘(B) the waiver is not inconsistent with the 
safety of transporting hazardous materials; and 
‘‘(C) the waiver is necessary to facilitate the 
safe movement of hazardous materials into, from, and within an area of a major disaster or emergency that has been declared under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) P
ERIOD OF WAIVER .—A waiver under this 
subsection may be issued for a period of not more than 60 days and may be renewed upon application to the Secretary only after notice and an opportunity for a hearing on the waiver. The Secretary shall immediately revoke the waiver if continuation of the waiver would not be consistent with the goals and objectives of this chapter. 
‘‘(3) S
TATEMENT OF REASONS .—The Secretary 
shall include in any order issued under this sec-tion the reasons for granting the waiver.’’. 
SEC. 7202. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY PERMITS. 
Section 5109(h) of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(h) L IMITATION ON DENIAL .—The Secretary 
may not deny a non-temporary permit held by a motor carrier pursuant to this section based on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8751 December 1, 2015 
a comprehensive review of that carrier triggered 
by safety management system scores or out-of- service disqualification standards, unless— 
‘‘(1) the carrier has the opportunity, prior to 
the denial of such permit, to submit a written description of corrective actions taken and other documentation the carrier wishes the Secretary to consider, including a corrective action plan; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines the actions or 
plan is insufficient to address the safety con-cerns identified during the course of the com-prehensive review.’’. 
SEC. 7203. IMPROVING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF 
PLANNING AND TRAINING GRANTS. 
(a) P LANNING AND TRAINING GRANTS .—Section 
5116 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) through 
(k) as subsections (b) through (j), respectively, 
(2) by striking subsection (b); and (3) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(a) P
LANNING AND TRAINING GRANTS .—(1) 
The Secretary shall make grants to States and Indian tribes— 
‘‘(A) to develop, improve, and carry out emer-
gency plans under the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq.), including ascertaining flow patterns of hazardous material on lands under the jurisdiction of a State or Indian tribe, and between lands under the jurisdiction of a State or Indian tribe and lands of another State or In-dian tribe; 
‘‘(B) to decide on the need for regional haz-
ardous material emergency response teams; and 
‘‘(C) to train public sector employees to re-
spond to accidents and incidents involving haz-ardous material. 
‘‘(2) To the extent that a grant is used to train 
emergency responders under paragraph (1)(C), the State or Indian tribe shall provide written certification to the Secretary that the emergency responders who receive training under the grant will have the ability to protect nearby persons, property, and the environment from the effects of accidents or incidents involving the transpor-tation of hazardous material in accordance with existing regulations or National Fire Protection Association standards for competence of re-sponders to accidents and incidents involving hazardous materials. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary may make a grant to a 
State or Indian tribe under paragraph (1) of this subsection only if— 
‘‘(A) the State or Indian tribe certifies that 
the total amount the State or Indian tribe ex-pends (except amounts of the Federal Govern-ment) for the purpose of the grant will at least equal the average level of expenditure for the last 5 years; and 
‘‘(B) any emergency response training pro-
vided under the grant shall consist of— 
‘‘(i) a course developed or identified under 
section 5115 of this title; or 
‘‘(ii) any other course the Secretary deter-
mines is consistent with the objectives of this section. 
‘‘(4) A State or Indian tribe receiving a grant 
under this subsection shall ensure that planning and emergency response training under the grant is coordinated with adjacent States and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(5) A training grant under paragraph (1)(C) 
may be used— 
‘‘(A) to pay— 
‘‘(i) the tuition costs of public sector employ-
ees being trained; 
‘‘(ii) travel expenses of those employees to and 
from the training facility; 
‘‘(iii) room and board of those employees when 
at the training facility; and 
‘‘(iv) travel expenses of individuals providing 
the training; 
‘‘(B) by the State, political subdivision, or In-
dian tribe to provide the training; and 
‘‘(C) to make an agreement with a person (in-
cluding an authority of a State, a political sub-division of a State or Indian tribe, or a local ju-
risdiction), subject to approval by the Secretary, to provide the training if— 
‘‘(i) the agreement allows the Secretary and 
the State or Indian tribe to conduct random ex-aminations, inspections, and audits of the train-ing without prior notice; 
‘‘(ii) the person agrees to have an auditable 
accounting system; and 
‘‘(iii) the State or Indian tribe conducts at 
least one on-site observation of the training each year. 
‘‘(6) The Secretary shall allocate amounts 
made available for grants under this subsection among eligible States and Indian tribes based on the needs of the States and Indian tribes for emergency response planning and training. In making a decision about those needs, the Sec-retary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) the number of hazardous material facili-
ties in the State or on land under the jurisdic-tion of the Indian tribe; 
‘‘(B) the types and amounts of hazardous ma-
terial transported in the State or on such land; 
‘‘(C) whether the State or Indian tribe imposes 
and collects a fee for transporting hazardous material; 
‘‘(D) whether such fee is used only to carry 
out a purpose related to transporting hazardous material; 
‘‘(E) the past record of the State or Indian 
tribe in effectively managing planning and training grants; and 
‘‘(F) any other factors the Secretary deter-
mines are appropriate to carry out this sub-section.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 5108(g) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘5116(i)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘5116(h)’’. 
(2) Section 5116 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(A) and (b)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(A)’’; 
(B) in subsection (h), as so redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘and section 
5107(e)’’ after ‘‘section’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘(f)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(e)’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘5108(g)(2) 
and 5115’’ and inserting ‘‘5107(e) and 5108(g)(2)’’; 
(C) in subsection (i), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)’’; and 
(D) in subsection (j), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘planning grants allocated 
under subsection (a), training grants under sub-section (b), and grants under subsection (j) of this section and under section 5107’’ and insert-ing ‘‘planning and training grants under sub-section (a) and grants under subsection (i) of this section and under subsections (e) and (i) of section 5107’’; and 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as paragraphs (1) through (4), re-spectively. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to prohibit the Secretary from recovering and deobligating funds from grants that are not managed or expended in compli-ance with a grant agreement. 
SEC. 7204. IMPROVING PUBLICATION OF SPECIAL 
PERMITS AND APPROVALS. 
Section 5117 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘an application for a special 
permit’’ and inserting ‘‘an application for a new special permit or a modification to an existing special permit’’; and 
(B) by inserting after the second sentence the 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall make available to the public on the Department of Transpor-tation’s Internet Web site any special permit other than a new special permit or a modifica-tion to an existing special permit and shall give the public an opportunity to inspect the safety 
analysis and comment on the application for a period of not more than 15 days.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘publish’’ and inserting ‘‘make 
available to the public’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’; (C) by striking ‘‘180’’ and inserting ‘‘120’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘the special permit’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘a special permit or approval’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
ISCLOSURE OF FINAL ACTION .—The Sec-
retary shall periodically, but at least every 120 days— 
‘‘(1) publish in the Federal Register notice of 
the final disposition of each application for a new special permit, modification to an existing special permit, or approval during the preceding quarter; and 
‘‘(2) make available to the public on the De-
partment of Transportation’s Internet Web site notice of the final disposition of any other spe-cial permit during the preceding quarter.’’. 
SEC. 7205. ENHANCED REPORTING. 
Section 5121(h) of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘transmit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate’’ and inserting ‘‘make available to the public on the Department of Transpor-tation’s Internet Web site’’. 
SEC. 7206. WETLINES. 
(a) W ITHDRAWAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall withdraw the proposed rule de-scribed in the notice of proposed rulemaking issued on January 27, 2011, entitled ‘‘Safety Re-quirements for External Product Piping on Cargo Tanks Transporting Flammable Liquids’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 4847). 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall prohibit the Secretary from issuing stand-ards or regulations regarding the safety of ex-ternal product piping on cargo tanks trans-porting flammable liquids after the withdrawal is carried out pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 7207. GAO STUDY ON ACCEPTANCE OF CLAS-
SIFICATION EXAMINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall evaluate and transmit to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, a report on the standards, metrics, and protocols that the Secretary uses to regulate the performance of persons approved to recommend hazard classifications pursuant to section 173.56(b) of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (commonly referred to as ‘‘third-party labs’’). 
(b) E
VALUATION .—The evaluation required 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify what standards and protocols are 
used to approve such persons, assess the ade-quacy of such standards and protocols to ensure that persons seeking approval are qualified and capable of performing classifications, and make recommendations to address any deficiencies identified; 
(2) assess the adequacy of the Secretary’s 
oversight of persons approved to perform the classifications, including the qualification of in-dividuals engaged in the oversight of approved persons, and make recommendations to enhance oversight sufficiently to ensure that classifica-tions are issued as required; 
(3) identify what standards and protocols 
exist to rescind, suspend, or deny approval of persons who perform such classifications, assess the adequacy of such standards and protocols, and make recommendations to enhance such standards and protocols if necessary; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8752 December 1, 2015 
(4) include annual data for fiscal years 2005 
through 2015 on the number of applications re-ceived for new classifications pursuant to sec-tion 173.56(b) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, of those applications how many classifica-tions recommended by persons approved by the Secretary were changed to another classification and the reasons for the change, and how many hazardous materials incidents have been attrib-uted to a classification recommended by such approved persons in the United States. 
(c) A
CTION PLAN.—Not later than 180 days 
after receiving the report required under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall make available to the public a plan describing any actions the Secretary will take to establish standards, metrics, and protocols based on the findings and recommendations in the report to ensure that persons approved to perform classification ex-aminations required under section 173.56(b) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, can suffi-ciently perform such examinations in a manner that meets the hazardous materials regulations. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—If the report required 
under subsection (a) recommends new regula-tions in order for the Secretary to have con-fidence in the accuracy of classification rec-ommendations rendered by persons approved to perform classification examinations required under section 173.56(b) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, the Secretary shall consider such recommendations, and if determined ap-propriate, issue regulations to address the rec-ommendations not later than 18 months after the date of the publication of the plan under subsection (c). 
SEC. 7208. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ENDORSE-
MENT EXEMPTION. 
The Secretary shall allow a State, at the dis-
cretion of the State, to waive the requirement for a holder of a Class A commercial driver’s li-cense to obtain a hazardous materials endorse-ment under part 383 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, if the license holder— 
(1) is acting within the scope of the license 
holder’s employment as an employee of a custom harvester operation, agrichemical business, farm retail outlet and supplier, or livestock feeder; and 
(2) is operating a service vehicle that is— (A) transporting diesel in a quantity of 3,785 
liters (1,000 gallons) or less; and 
(B) clearly marked with a ‘‘flammable’’ or 
‘‘combustible’’ placard, as appropriate. 
Subtitle C—Safe Transportation of 
Flammable Liquids by Rail 
SEC. 7301. COMMUNITY SAFETY GRANTS. 
Section 5107 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) C OMMUNITY SAFETY GRANTS .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a competitive program for making grants to nonprofit organizations for— 
‘‘(1) conducting national outreach and train-
ing programs to assist communities in preparing for and responding to accidents and incidents involving the transportation of hazardous mate-rials, including Class 3 flammable liquids by rail; and 
‘‘(2) training State and local personnel re-
sponsible for enforcing the safe transportation of hazardous materials, including Class 3 flam-mable liquids.’’. 
SEC. 7302. REAL-TIME EMERGENCY RESPONSE IN-
FORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with appropriate Federal agen-cies, shall issue regulations that— 
(1) require a Class I railroad transporting haz-
ardous materials— 
(A) to generate accurate, real-time, and elec-
tronic train consist information, including— 
(i) the identity, quantity, and location of haz-
ardous materials on a train; 
(ii) the point of origin and destination of the 
train; 
(iii) any emergency response information or 
resources required by the Secretary; and (iv) an emergency response point of contact 
designated by the Class I railroad; and 
(B) to enter into a memorandum of under-
standing with each applicable fusion center to provide the fusion center with secure and con-fidential access to the electronic train consist in-formation described in subparagraph (A) for each train transporting hazardous materials in the jurisdiction of the fusion center; 
(2) require each applicable fusion center to 
provide the electronic train consist information described in paragraph (1)(A) to State and local first responders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel that are in-volved in the response to or investigation of an accident, incident, or public health or safety emergency involving the rail transportation of hazardous materials and that request such elec-tronic train consist information; 
(3) require each Class I railroad to provide ad-
vanced notification and information on high- hazard flammable trains to each State emer-gency response commission, consistent with the notification content requirements in Emergency Order Docket No. DOT–OST–2014–0067, includ-ing— 
(A) a reasonable estimate of the number of im-
plicated trains that are expected to travel, per week, through each county within the applica-ble State; 
(B) updates to such estimate prior to making 
any material changes to any volumes or fre-quencies of trains traveling through a county; 
(C) identification and a description of the 
Class 3 flammable liquid being transported on such trains; 
(D) applicable emergency response informa-
tion, as required by regulation; 
(E) identification of the routes over which 
such liquid will be transported; and 
(F) a point of contact at the Class I railroad 
responsible for serving as the point of contact for State emergency response centers and local emergency responders related to the Class I rail-road’s transportation of such liquid. 
(4) require each applicable State emergency 
response commission to provide to a political subdivision of a State, or public agency respon-sible for emergency response or law enforcement, upon request of the political subdivision or pub-lic agency, the information the commission re-ceives from a Class I railroad pursuant to para-graph (3), including, for any such political sub-division or public agency responsible for emer-gency response or law enforcement that makes an initial request for such information, any up-dates received by the State emergency response commission. 
(5) prohibit any Class I railroad, employee, or 
agent from withholding, or causing to be with-held, the train consist information from first re-sponders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel described in paragraph (2) in the event of an incident, accident, or pub-lic health or safety emergency involving the rail transportation of hazardous materials; 
(6) establish security and confidentiality pro-
tections, including protections from the public release of proprietary information or security- sensitive information, to prevent the release to unauthorized persons any electronic train con-sist information or advanced notification or in-formation provided by Class I railroads under this section; and 
(7) allow each Class I railroad to enter into a 
memorandum of understanding with any Class II railroad or Class III railroad that operates trains over the Class I railroad’s line to incor-porate the Class II railroad or Class III rail-road’s train consist information within the ex-isting framework described in paragraph (1). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE FUSION CENTER .—The term 
‘‘applicable fusion center’’ means a fusion cen-ter with responsibility for a geographic area in which a Class I railroad operates. 
(2) C
LASS I RAILROAD ; CLASS II RAILROAD ; 
CLASS III RAILROAD .—The terms ‘‘Class I rail-road’’, ‘‘Class II railroad’’, and ‘‘Class III rail-
road’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
(4) F
USION CENTER .—The term ‘‘fusion center’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)). 
(5) H
AZARDOUS MATERIAL .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous material’’ means a substance or material the Secretary designates as hazardous under section 5103 of title 49, United States Code. 
(6) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE TRAIN .—The 
term ‘‘high-hazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a con-tinuous block or a single train transporting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flam-mable liquid throughout the train consist. 
(7) T
RAIN CONSIST .—The term ‘‘train consist’’ 
includes, with regard to a specific train, the number of rail cars and the commodity trans-ported by each rail car. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to prohibit a Class I railroad from voluntarily entering into a memorandum of understanding, as described in subsection (a)(1)(B), with a State emergency response com-mission or an entity representing or including first responders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel. 
SEC. 7303. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study to deter-mine whether limitations or weaknesses exist in the emergency response information carried by train crews transporting hazardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall evaluate the differences between the emergency response information carried by train crews transporting hazardous materials and the emer-gency response guidance provided in the Emer-gency Response Guidebook issued by the De-partment of Transportation. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report of the findings of the study under subsection (a) and any recommendations for leg-islative action. 
SEC. 7304. PHASE-OUT OF ALL TANK CARS USED 
TO TRANSPORT CLASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUIDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided for in 
subsection (b), beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, all DOT–111 specification rail-road tank cars used to transport Class 3 flam-mable liquids shall meet the DOT–117, DOT– 117P, or DOT–117R specifications in part 179 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, regardless of train composition. 
(b) P
HASE-OUTSCHEDULE .—Certain tank cars 
not meeting DOT–117, DOT–117P, or DOT–117R specifications on the date of enactment of this Act may be used, regardless of train composi-tion, until the following end-dates: 
(1) For transport of unrefined petroleum prod-
ucts in Class 3 flammable service, including crude oil— 
(A) January 1, 2018, for non-jacketed DOT–111 
tank cars; 
(B) March 1, 2018, for jacketed DOT–111 tank 
cars; 
(C) April 1, 2020, for non-jacketed CPC–1232 
tank cars; and 
(D) May 1, 2025, for jacketed CPC–1232 tank 
cars. 
(2) For transport of ethanol— (A) May 1, 2023, for non-jacketed and jack-
eted DOT–111 tank cars; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8753 December 1, 2015 
(B) July 1, 2023, for non-jacketed CPC–1232 
tank cars; and 
(C) May 1, 2025, for jacketed CPC–1232 tank 
cars. 
(3) For transport of Class 3 flammable liquids 
in Packing Group I, other than Class 3 flam-mable liquids specified in paragraphs (1) and (2), May 1, 2025. 
(4) For transport of Class 3 flammable liquids 
in Packing Groups II and III, other than Class 3 flammable liquids specified in paragraphs (1) and (2), May 1, 2029. 
(c) R
ETROFITTING SHOPCAPACITY .—The Sec-
retary may extend the deadlines established under paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (b) for a period not to exceed 2 years if the Sec-retary determines that insufficient retrofitting shop capacity will prevent the phase-out of tank cars not meeting the DOT–117, DOT–117P, or DOT–117R specifications by the deadlines set forth in such paragraphs. 
(d) C
ONFORMING REGULATORY AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Immediately after the date of 
enactment of this section, the Secretary— 
(A) shall remove or revise the date-specific 
deadlines in any applicable regulations or or-ders to the extent necessary to conform with the requirements of this section; and 
(B) may not enforce any such date-specific 
deadlines or requirements that are inconsistent with the requirements of this section. 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to require the Secretary to issue regulations, except as required under paragraph (1), to implement this section. 
(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary from implementing the final rule issued on May 08, 2015, entitled ‘‘Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 26643), other than the provisions of the final rule that are in-consistent with this section. 
(f) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 7305. THERMAL BLANKETS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue such regulations as are nec-essary to require that each tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification and each non- jacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT– 117R specification be equipped with an insu-lating blanket with at least 
1⁄2-inch-thick mate-
rial that has been approved by the Secretary pursuant to section 179.18(c) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall prohibit the Secretary from approving new or alternative technologies or materials as they become available that provide a level of safety at least equivalent to the level of safety provided for under subsection (a). 
SEC. 7306. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR TOP 
FITTINGS PROTECTION FOR CLASS DOT–117R TANK CARS. 
(a) P ROTECTIVE HOUSING .—Except as provided 
in subsections (b) and (c), top fittings on DOT specification 117R tank cars shall be located in-side a protective housing not less than 
1⁄2-inch 
in thickness and constructed of a material hav-ing a tensile strength not less than 65 kilopound per square inch and conform to the following specifications: 
(1) The protective housing shall be as tall as 
the tallest valve or fitting involved and the height of a valve or fitting within the protective housing must be kept to the minimum compat-ible with their proper operation. 
(2) The protective housing or cover may not 
reduce the flow capacity of the pressure relief device below the minimum required. 
(3) The protective housing shall provide a 
means of drainage with a minimum flow area equivalent to six 1-inch diameter holes. (4) When connected to the nozzle or fittings 
cover plate and subject to a horizontal force ap-plied perpendicular to and uniformly over the projected plane of the protective housing, the tensile connection strength of the protective housing shall be designed to be— 
(A) no greater than 70 percent of the nozzle to 
tank tensile connection strength; 
(B) no greater than 70 percent of the cover 
plate to nozzle connection strength; and 
(C) no less than either 40 percent of the nozzle 
to tank tensile connection strength or the shear strength of twenty 
1⁄2-inch bolts. 
(b) P RESSURE RELIEF DEVICES .— 
(1) The pressure relief device shall be located 
inside the protective housing, unless space does not permit. If multiple pressure relief devices are equipped, no more than 1 may be located outside of a protective housing. 
(2) The highest point on any pressure relief 
device located outside of a protective housing may not be more than 12 inches above the tank jacket. 
(3) The highest point on the closure of any 
unused pressure relief device nozzle may not be more than 6 inches above the tank jacket. 
(c) A
LTERNATIVE PROTECTION .—As an alter-
native to the protective housing requirements in subsection (a) of this section, the tank car may be equipped with a system that prevents the re-lease of product from any top fitting in the case of an incident where any top fitting would be sheared off. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to require the Secretary to issue regulations to implement this section. 
(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall prohibit the Secretary from approving new technologies, methods or requirements that pro-vide a level of safety equivalent to or greater than the level of safety provided for in this sec-tion. 
SEC. 7307. RULEMAKING ON OIL SPILL RESPONSE 
PLANS. 
The Secretary shall, not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter until a final rule based on the advanced notice of proposed rulemaking issued on August 1, 2014, entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Oil Spill Response Plans for High- Hazard Flammable Trains’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 45079) is promulgated, notify the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate in writing of— 
(1) the status of such rulemaking; (2) any reasons why such final rule has not 
been implemented; 
(3) a plan for completing such final rule as 
soon as practicable; and 
(4) the estimated date of completion of such 
final rule. 
SEC. 7308. MODIFICATION REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a reporting requirement to mon-itor industry-wide progress toward modifying rail tank cars used to transport Class 3 flam-mable liquids by the applicable deadlines estab-lished in section 7304. 
(b) T
ANKCARDATA.—The Secretary shall col-
lect data from shippers and rail tank car owners on— 
(1) the total number of tank cars modified to 
meet the DOT–117R specification, or equivalent, specifying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank car 
before it was modified, including non-jacketed DOT–111, jacketed DOT–111, non-jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 stand-ard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 3 
flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year; 
(2) the total number of tank cars built to meet 
the DOT–117 specification, or equivalent; and (3) the total number of tank cars used or like-
ly to be used to transport Class 3 flammable liq-uids that have not been modified, specifying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank car 
not modified, including the non-jacketed DOT– 111, jacketed DOT–111, non-jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 3 
flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year. 
(c) T
ANK CARSHOP DATA.—The Secretary 
shall conduct a survey of tank car facilities modifying tank cars to the DOT–117R specifica-tion, or equivalent, or building new tank cars to the DOT–117 specification, or equivalent, to generate statistically-valid estimates of the an-ticipated number of tank cars those facilities ex-pect to modify to DOT–117R specification, or equivalent, or build to the DOT–117 specifica-tion, or equivalent. 
(d) F
REQUENCY .—The Secretary shall collect 
the data under subsection (b) and conduct the survey under subsection (c) annually until May 1, 2029. 
(e) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall only re-
port data in industry-wide totals and shall treat company-specific information as confidential business information. 
(2) L
EVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure the data collected under sub-section (b) and the survey data under subsection (c) have the same level of confidentiality as re-quired by the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note), as administered by the Bu-reau of Transportation Statistics. 
(3) D
ESIGNEE .—The Secretary may— 
(A) designate the Director of the Bureau of 
Transportation Statistics to collect data under subsection (b) and the survey data under sub-section (c); and 
(B) direct the Director to ensure the confiden-
tially of company-specific information to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Each year, not later than 60 
days after the date that both the collection of the data under subsection (b) and the survey under subsection (c) are complete, the Secretary shall submit a written report on the aggregate results, without company-specific information, to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(g) D
EFINITION OF CLASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQ-
UID.—In this section, the term ‘‘Class 3 flam-
mable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 7309. REPORT ON CRUDE OIL CHARACTERIS-
TICS RESEARCH STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the research 
completion of the comprehensive Crude Oil Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment Plan study at Sandia National Laboratories, the Secretary of Energy, in co-operation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall submit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives that contains— 
(1) the results of the comprehensive Crude Oil 
Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment Plan study; and 
(2) recommendations, based on the findings of 
the study, for— 
(A) regulations by the Secretary of Transpor-
tation or the Secretary of Energy to improve the safe transport of crude oil; and 
(B) legislation to improve the safe transport of 
crude oil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8754 December 1, 2015 
SEC. 7310. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS BY RAIL LI-
ABILITY STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall initiate a study on the levels and structure of insurance for railroad carriers transporting hazardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—ln conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— 
(1) the level and structure of insurance, in-
cluding self-insurance, available in the private market against the full liability potential for damages arising from an accident or incident in-volving a train transporting hazardous mate-rials; 
(2) the level and structure of insurance that 
would be necessary and appropriate— 
(A) to efficiently allocate risk and financial 
responsibility for claims; and 
(B) to ensure that a railroad carrier trans-
porting hazardous materials can continue to op-erate despite the risk of an accident or incident; and 
(3) the potential applicability, for a train 
transporting hazardous materials, of an alter-native insurance model, including— 
(A) a secondary liability coverage pool or 
pools to supplement commercial insurance; and 
(B) other models administered by the Federal 
Government. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date the study under subsection (a) is initiated, the Secretary shall submit a report containing the results of the study and recommendations for addressing liability issues with rail transpor-tation of hazardous materials to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—ln this section: 
(1) H AZARDOUS MATERIAL .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous material’’ means a substance or material the Secretary designates as hazardous under section 5103 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 7311. STUDY AND TESTING OF ELECTRONI-
CALLY CONTROLLED PNEUMATIC BRAKES. 
(a) G OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct an independent evaluation of ECP brake systems, pilot program data, and the Department’s research and anal-ysis on the costs, benefits, and effects of ECP brake systems. 
(2) S
TUDY ELEMENTS .—In completing the inde-
pendent evaluation under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall examine the following issues related to ECP brake systems: 
(A) Data and modeling results on safety bene-
fits relative to conventional brakes and to other braking technologies or systems, such as distrib-uted power and 2-way end-of-train devices. 
(B) Data and modeling results on business 
benefits, including the effects of dynamic brak-ing. 
(C) Data on costs, including up-front capital 
costs and on-going maintenance costs. 
(D) Analysis of potential operational benefits 
and challenges, including the effects of poten-tial locomotive and car segregation, technical reliability issues, and network disruptions. 
(E) Analysis of potential implementation chal-
lenges, including installation time, positive train control integration complexities, component availability issues, and tank car shop capabili-ties. 
(F) Analysis of international experiences with 
the use of advanced braking technologies. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the 
Senate a report on the results of the inde-pendent evaluation under paragraph (1). 
(b) E
MERGENCY BRAKING APPLICATION TEST-
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter 
into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to— 
(A) complete testing of ECP brake systems 
during emergency braking application, includ-ing more than 1 scenario involving the uncou-pling of a train with 70 or more DOT–117 speci-fication or DOT–117R specification tank cars; and 
(B) transmit, not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the testing. 
(2) I
NDEPENDENT EXPERTS .—In completing the 
testing under paragraph (1)(A), the National Academy of Sciences may contract with 1 or more engineering or rail experts, as appropriate, that— 
(A) are not railroad carriers, entities funded 
by such carriers, or entities directly impacted by the final rule issued on May 8, 2015, entitled ‘‘Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Oper-ational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 26643); and 
(B) have relevant experience in conducting 
railroad safety technology tests or similar crash tests. 
(3) T
ESTING FRAMEWORK .—In completing the 
testing under paragraph (1), the National Acad-emy of Sciences and each contractor described in paragraph (2) shall ensure that the testing objectively, accurately, and reliably measures the performance of ECP brake systems relative to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2-way end-of-train de-vices, including differences in— 
(A) the number of cars derailed; (B) the number of cars punctured; (C) the measures of in-train forces; and (D) the stopping distance. (4) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall provide 
funding, as part of the agreement under para-graph (1), to the National Academy of Sciences for the testing required under this section— 
(A) using sums made available to carry out 
sections 20108 and 5118 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) to the extent funding under subparagraph 
(A) is insufficient or unavailable to fund the testing required under this section, using such sums as are necessary from the amounts appro-priated to the Secretary, the Federal Railroad Administration, or the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or a combina-tion thereof. 
(5) E
QUIPMENT .— 
(A) R ECEIPT .—The National Academy of 
Sciences and each contractor described in para-graph (2) may receive or use rolling stock, track, and other equipment or infrastructure from a railroad carrier or other private entity for the purposes of conducting the testing required under this section. 
(B) C
ONTRACTED USE .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (2)(A), to facilitate testing, the National Academy of Sciences and each contractor may contract with a railroad carrier or any other private entity for the use of such carrier or enti-ty’s rolling stock, track, or other equipment and receive technical assistance on their use. 
(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED APPROACH .— 
(1) A NALYSIS .—The Secretary shall— 
(A) not later than 90 days after the report 
date, fully incorporate the results of the evalua-tion under subsection (a) and the testing under subsection (b) and update the regulatory impact analysis of the final rule described in subsection (b)(2)(A) of the costs, benefits, and effects of the applicable ECP brake system requirements; 
(B) as soon as practicable after completion of 
the updated analysis under subparagraph (A), solicit public comment in the Federal Register 
on the analysis for a period of not more than 30 days; and 
(C) not later than 60 days after the end of the 
public comment period under subparagraph (B), post the final updated regulatory impact anal-ysis on the Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) determine, based on whether the final reg-
ulatory impact analysis described in paragraph (1)(C) demonstrates that the benefits, including safety benefits, of the applicable ECP brake sys-tem requirements exceed the costs of such re-quirements, whether the applicable ECP brake system requirements are justified; 
(B) if the applicable ECP brake system re-
quirements are justified, publish in the Federal Register the determination and reasons for such determination; and 
(C) if the Secretary does not publish the deter-
mination under subparagraph (B), repeal the applicable ECP brake system requirements. 
(3) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary from implementing the final rule described under sub-section (b)(2)(A) prior to the determination re-quired under subsection (c)(2) of this section, or require the Secretary to promulgate a new rule on the provisions of such final rule, other than on the applicable ECP brake system require-ments, if the Secretary does not determine that the applicable ECP brake system requirements are justified pursuant to this subsection. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) A PPLICABLE ECP BRAKE SYSTEM REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The term ‘‘applicable ECP brake system 
requirements’’ means sections 174.310(a)(3)(ii), 174.310(a)(3)(iii), 174.310(a)(5)(v), 179.202–10, 179.202–12(g), and 179.202–13(i) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and any other regula-tion in effect on the date of enactment of this Act requiring the installation of ECP brakes or operation in ECP brake mode. 
(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
(3) ECP.—The term ‘‘ECP’’ means electroni-
cally controlled pneumatic when applied to a brake or brakes. 
(4) ECP 
BRAKE MODE .—The term ‘‘ECP brake 
mode’’ includes any operation of a rail car or an entire train using an ECP brake system. 
(5) ECP 
BRAKE SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ECP brake sys-
tem’’ means a train power braking system actu-ated by compressed air and controlled by elec-tronic signals from the locomotive or an ECP– EOT to the cars in the consist for service and emergency applications in which the brake pipe is used to provide a constant supply of com-pressed air to the reservoirs on each car but does not convey braking signals to the car. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ECP brake sys-
tem’’ includes dual mode and stand-alone ECP brake systems. 
(6) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(7) R
EPORT DATE .—The term ‘‘report date’’ 
means the date that the reports under sub-sections (a)(3) and (b)(1)(B) are required to be transmitted pursuant to those subsections. 
TITLE VIII—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
TRANSPORTATION 
SEC. 8001. MULTIMODAL FREIGHT TRANSPOR-
TATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle IX of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘Subtitle IX—Multimodal Freight 
Transportation 
‘‘Chapter Sec. 
‘‘701. Multimodal freight policy ............ 70101 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8755 December 1, 2015 
‘‘702. Multimodal freight transportation 
planning and information .............. 70201 
‘‘CHAPTER 701—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
POLICY 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘70101. National multimodal freight policy. ‘‘70102. National freight strategic plan. ‘‘70103. National Multimodal Freight Network. 
‘‘§ 70101. National multimodal freight policy 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It is the policy of the 
United States to maintain and improve the con-dition and performance of the National Multimodal Freight Network established under section 70103 to ensure that the Network pro-vides a foundation for the United States to com-pete in the global economy and achieve the goals described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) G
OALS.—The goals of the national 
multimodal freight policy are— 
‘‘(1) to identify infrastructure improvements, 
policies, and operational innovations that— 
‘‘(A) strengthen the contribution of the Na-
tional Multimodal Freight Network to the eco-nomic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(B) reduce congestion and eliminate bottle-
necks on the National Multimodal Freight Net-work; and 
‘‘(C) increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that create high-value jobs; 
‘‘(2) to improve the safety, security, efficiency, 
and resiliency of multimodal freight transpor-tation; 
‘‘(3) to achieve and maintain a state of good 
repair on the National Multimodal Freight Net-work; 
‘‘(4) to use innovation and advanced tech-
nology to improve the safety, efficiency, and re-liability of the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(5) to improve the economic efficiency and 
productivity of the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(6) to improve the reliability of freight trans-
portation; 
‘‘(7) to improve the short- and long-distance 
movement of goods that— 
‘‘(A) travel across rural areas between popu-
lation centers; 
‘‘(B) travel between rural areas and popu-
lation centers; and 
‘‘(C) travel from the Nation’s ports, airports, 
and gateways to the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
‘‘(8) to improve the flexibility of States to sup-
port multi-State corridor planning and the cre-ation of multi-State organizations to increase the ability of States to address multimodal freight connectivity; 
‘‘(9) to reduce the adverse environmental im-
pacts of freight movement on the National Multimodal Freight Network; and 
‘‘(10) to pursue the goals described in this sub-
section in a manner that is not burdensome to State and local governments. 
‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Under Secretary 
of Transportation for Policy, who shall be re-sponsible for the oversight and implementation of the national multimodal freight policy, shall— 
‘‘(1) carry out sections 70102 and 70103; ‘‘(2) assist with the coordination of modal 
freight planning; and 
‘‘(3) identify interagency data sharing oppor-
tunities to promote freight planning and coordi-nation. 
‘‘§ 70102. National freight strategic plan 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy shall— 
‘‘(1) develop a national freight strategic plan 
in accordance with this section; and 
‘‘(2) publish the plan on the public Internet 
Web site of the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The national freight stra-
tegic plan shall include— ‘‘(1) an assessment of the condition and per-
formance of the National Multimodal Freight Network established under section 70103; 
‘‘(2) forecasts of freight volumes for the suc-
ceeding 5-, 10-, and 20-year periods; 
‘‘(3) an identification of major trade gateways 
and national freight corridors that connect major population centers, trade gateways, and other major freight generators; 
‘‘(4) an identification of bottlenecks on the 
National Multimodal Freight Network that cre-ate significant freight congestion, based on a quantitative methodology developed by the Under Secretary, which shall include, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(A) information from the Freight Analysis 
Framework of the Federal Highway Administra-tion; and 
‘‘(B) to the maximum extent practicable, an 
estimate of the cost of addressing each bottle-neck and any operational improvements that could be implemented; 
‘‘(5) an assessment of statutory, regulatory, 
technological, institutional, financial, and other barriers to improved freight transportation per-formance, and a description of opportunities for overcoming the barriers; 
‘‘(6) a process for addressing multistate 
projects and encouraging jurisdictions to col-laborate; 
‘‘(7) strategies to improve freight intermodal 
connectivity; 
‘‘(8) an identification of corridors providing 
access to energy exploration, development, in-stallation, or production areas; 
‘‘(9) an identification of corridors providing 
access to major areas for manufacturing, agri-culture, or natural resources; 
‘‘(10) an identification of best practices for im-
proving the performance of the National Multimodal Freight Network, including critical commerce corridors and rural and urban access to critical freight corridors; and 
‘‘(11) an identification of best practices to 
mitigate the impacts of freight movement on communities. 
‘‘(c) U
PDATES .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of completion of the national freight strategic plan under subsection (a), and every 5 years thereafter, the Under Secretary shall up-date the plan and publish the updated plan on the public Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION .—The Under Secretary 
shall develop and update the national freight strategic plan— 
‘‘(1) after providing notice and an opportunity 
for public comment; and 
‘‘(2) in consultation with State departments of 
transportation, metropolitan planning organiza-tions, and other appropriate public and private transportation stakeholders. 
‘‘§ 70103. National Multimodal Freight Net-
work 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of 
Transportation for Policy shall establish a Na-tional Multimodal Freight Network in accord-ance with this section— 
‘‘(1) to assist States in strategically directing 
resources toward improved system performance for the efficient movement of freight on the Net-work; 
‘‘(2) to inform freight transportation plan-
ning; 
‘‘(3) to assist in the prioritization of Federal 
investment; and 
‘‘(4) to assess and support Federal investments 
to achieve the national multimodal freight pol-icy goals described in section 70101(b) of this title and the national highway freight program goals described in section 167 of title 23. 
‘‘(b) I
NTERIM NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Under Secretary shall establish an interim Na-tional Multimodal Freight Network in accord-ance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The interim Na-
tional Multimodal Freight Network shall in-clude— 
‘‘(A) the National Highway Freight Network, 
as established under section 167 of title 23; 
‘‘(B) the freight rail systems of Class I rail-
roads, as designated by the Surface Transpor-tation Board; 
‘‘(C) the public ports of the United States that 
have total annual foreign and domestic trade of at least 2,000,000 short tons, as identified by the Waterborne Commerce Statistics Center of the Army Corps of Engineers, using the data from the latest year for which such data is available; 
‘‘(D) the inland and intracoastal waterways 
of the United States, as described in section 206 of the Inland Waterways Revenue Act of 1978 (33 U.S.C. 1804); 
‘‘(E) the Great Lakes, the St. Lawrence Sea-
way, and coastal and ocean routes along which domestic freight is transported; 
‘‘(F) the 50 airports located in the United 
States with the highest annual landed weight, as identified by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration; and 
‘‘(G) other strategic freight assets, including 
strategic intermodal facilities and freight rail lines of Class II and Class III railroads, des-ignated by the Under Secretary as critical to interstate commerce. 
‘‘(c) F
INAL NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Under Secretary, after soliciting input from stake-holders, including multimodal freight system users, transportation providers, metropolitan planning organizations, local governments, ports, airports, railroads, and States, through a public process to identify critical freight facili-ties and corridors, including critical commerce corridors, that are vital to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in sec-tion 70101(b) of this title and the national high-way freight program goals described in section 167 of title 23, and after providing notice and an opportunity for comment on a draft system, shall designate a National Multimodal Freight Network with the goal of— 
‘‘(A) improving network and intermodal 
connectivity; and 
‘‘(B) using measurable data as part of the as-
sessment of the significance of freight move-ment, including the consideration of points of origin, destinations, and linking components of domestic and international supply chains. 
‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—In designating or redesig-
nating the National Multimodal Freight Net-work, the Under Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) origins and destinations of freight move-
ment within, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(B) volume, value, tonnage, and the strategic 
importance of freight; 
‘‘(C) access to border crossings, airports, sea-
ports, and pipelines; 
‘‘(D) economic factors, including balance of 
trade; 
‘‘(E) access to major areas for manufacturing, 
agriculture, or natural resources; 
‘‘(F) access to energy exploration, develop-
ment, installation, and production areas; 
‘‘(G) intermodal links and intersections that 
promote connectivity; 
‘‘(H) freight choke points and other impedi-
ments contributing to significant measurable congestion, delay in freight movement, or ineffi-cient modal connections; 
‘‘(I) impacts on all freight transportation 
modes and modes that share significant freight infrastructure; 
‘‘(J) facilities and transportation corridors 
identified by a multi-State coalition, a State, a State freight advisory committee, or a metropoli-tan planning organization, using national or local data, as having critical freight importance to the region; 
‘‘(K) major distribution centers, inland inter-
modal facilities, and first- and last-mile facili-ties; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8756 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(L) the significance of goods movement, in-
cluding consideration of global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In designating or re-
designating the National Multimodal Freight Network, the Under Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) use, to the extent practicable, measurable 
data to assess the significance of goods move-ment, including the consideration of points of origin, destinations, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains; 
‘‘(B) consider— ‘‘(i) the factors described in paragraph (2); 
and 
‘‘(ii) any changes in the economy that affect 
freight transportation network demand; and 
‘‘(C) provide the States with an opportunity to 
submit proposed designations in accordance with paragraph (4). 
‘‘(4) S
TATE INPUT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State that proposes 
additional designations for the National Multimodal Freight Network shall— 
‘‘(i) consider nominations for additional des-
ignations from metropolitan planning organiza-tions and State freight advisory committees, as applicable, within the State; 
‘‘(ii) consider nominations for additional des-
ignations from owners and operators of port, rail, pipeline, and airport facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) ensure that additional designations are 
consistent with the State transportation im-provement program or freight plan. 
‘‘(B) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT FACILITIES AND  
CORRIDORS .—As part of the designations under 
subparagraph (A), a State may designate a freight facility or corridor within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight facility or corridor if the facility or corridor— 
‘‘(i) is a rural principal arterial; ‘‘(ii) provides access or service to energy ex-
ploration, development, installation, or produc-tion areas; 
‘‘(iii) provides access or service to— ‘‘(I) a grain elevator; ‘‘(II) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(III) a mining facility; ‘‘(IV) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(V) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(iv) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(v) provides access to a significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facility in the State; or 
‘‘(vi) has been determined by the State to be 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A State may propose addi-
tional designations to the National Multimodal Freight Network in the State in an amount that is not more than 20 percent of the total mileage designated by the Under Secretary in the State. 
‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION BY UNDER SECRETARY .— 
The Under Secretary shall determine how to apply the limitation under clause (i) to the com-ponents of the National Multimodal Freight Network. 
‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION AND CERTIFICATION .—A State 
shall submit to the Under Secretary— 
‘‘(i) a list of any additional designations pro-
posed to be added under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) a certification that— ‘‘(I) the State has satisfied the requirements of 
subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(II) the designations referred to in clause (i) 
address the factors for designation described in this subsection. 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGNATION OF NATIONAL  
MULTIMODAL FREIGHT NETWORK .—Not later 
than 5 years after the initial designation under subsection (c), and every 5 years thereafter, the Under Secretary, using the designation factors described in subsection (c), shall redesignate the National Multimodal Freight Network. 
‘‘CHAPTER 702—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING AND IN-FORMATION 
‘‘Sec. ‘‘70201. State freight advisory committees. 
‘‘70202. State freight plans. ‘‘70203. Transportation investment data and 
planning tools. 
‘‘70204. Savings provision. 
‘‘§ 70201. State freight advisory committees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall encourage each State to establish a freight advisory committee consisting of a rep-resentative cross-section of public and private sector freight stakeholders, including represent-atives of ports, freight railroads, shippers, car-riers, freight-related associations, third-party logistics providers, the freight industry work-force, the transportation department of the State, and local governments. 
‘‘(b) R
OLE OF COMMITTEE .—A freight advisory 
committee of a State described in subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) advise the State on freight-related prior-
ities, issues, projects, and funding needs; 
‘‘(2) serve as a forum for discussion for State 
transportation decisions affecting freight mobil-ity; 
‘‘(3) communicate and coordinate regional pri-
orities with other organizations; 
‘‘(4) promote the sharing of information be-
tween the private and public sectors on freight issues; and 
‘‘(5) participate in the development of the 
freight plan of the State described in section 70202. 
‘‘§ 70202. State freight plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State that receives 
funding under section 167 of title 23 shall de-velop a freight plan that provides a comprehen-sive plan for the immediate and long-range planning activities and investments of the State with respect to freight. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN CONTENTS .—A State freight plan 
described in subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues with respect to the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies, strat-
egies, and performance measures that will guide the freight-related transportation investment de-cisions of the State; 
‘‘(3) when applicable, a listing of— ‘‘(A) multimodal critical rural freight facilities 
and corridors designated within the State under section 70103 of this title; and 
‘‘(B) critical rural and urban freight corridors 
designated within the State under section 167 of title 23; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the plan will im-
prove the ability of the State to meet the na-tional multimodal freight policy goals described in section 70101(b) of this title and the national highway freight program goals described in sec-tion 167 of title 23; 
‘‘(5) a description of how innovative tech-
nologies and operational strategies, including freight intelligent transportation systems, that improve the safety and efficiency of freight movement, were considered; 
‘‘(6) in the case of roadways on which travel 
by heavy vehicles (including mining, agricul-tural, energy cargo or equipment, and timber ve-hicles) is projected to substantially deteriorate the condition of the roadways, a description of improvements that may be required to reduce or impede the deterioration; 
‘‘(7) an inventory of facilities with freight mo-
bility issues, such as bottlenecks, within the State, and for those facilities that are State owned or operated, a description of the strate-gies the State is employing to address the freight mobility issues; 
‘‘(8) consideration of any significant conges-
tion or delay caused by freight movements and any strategies to mitigate that congestion or delay; 
‘‘(9) a freight investment plan that, subject to 
subsection (c)(2), includes a list of priority projects and describes how funds made available to carry out section 167 of title 23 would be in-
vested and matched; and 
‘‘(10) consultation with the State freight advi-
sory committee, if applicable. 
‘‘(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LONG-RANGE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I NCORPORATION .—A State freight plan de-
scribed in subsection (a) may be developed sepa-rately from or incorporated into the statewide strategic long-range transportation plan re-quired by section 135 of title 23. 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—The freight invest-
ment plan component of a freight plan shall in-clude a project, or an identified phase of a project, only if funding for completion of the project can reasonably be anticipated to be available for the project within the time period identified in the freight investment plan. 
‘‘(d) P
LANNING PERIOD .—A State freight plan 
described in subsection (a) shall address a 5- year forecast period. 
‘‘(e) U
PDATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall update a 
State freight plan described in subsection (a) not less frequently than once every 5 years. 
‘‘(2) F
REIGHT INVESTMENT PLAN .—A State may 
update a freight investment plan described in subsection (b)(9) more frequently than is re-quired under paragraph (1). 
‘‘§ 70203. Transportation investment data and 
planning tools 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall— 
‘‘(1) begin development of new tools and im-
provement of existing tools to support an out-come-oriented, performance-based approach to evaluate proposed freight-related and other transportation projects, including— 
‘‘(A) methodologies for systematic analysis of 
benefits and costs on a national or regional basis; 
‘‘(B) tools for ensuring that the evaluation of 
freight-related and other transportation projects could consider safety, economic competitiveness, urban and rural access, environmental sustain-ability, and system condition in the project se-lection process; 
‘‘(C) improved methods for data collection and 
trend analysis; 
‘‘(D) encouragement of public-private collabo-
ration to carry out data sharing activities while maintaining the confidentiality of all propri-etary data; and 
‘‘(E) other tools to assist in effective transpor-
tation planning; 
‘‘(2) identify transportation-related model 
data elements to support a broad range of eval-uation methods and techniques to assist in mak-ing transportation investment decisions; and 
‘‘(3) at a minimum, in consultation with other 
relevant Federal agencies, consider any im-provements to existing freight flow data collec-tion efforts that could reduce identified freight data gaps and deficiencies and help improve forecasts of freight transportation demand. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-
sult with Federal, State, and other stakeholders to develop, improve, and implement the tools and collect the data described in subsection (a). 
‘‘§ 70204. Savings provision 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle provides additional 
authority to regulate or direct private activity on freight networks designated under this sub-title.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis of 
subtitles for title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to subtitle IX and inserting the following: 
‘‘IX. Multimodal Freight Transpor-
tation ........................................... 70101’’. 
TITLE IX—NATIONAL SURFACE TRANS-
PORTATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU 
SEC. 9001. NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8757 December 1, 2015 
‘‘§ 116. National Surface Transportation and 
Innovative Finance Bureau 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Transportation shall establish a National Sur-face Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau in the Department. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Bureau 
shall be— 
‘‘(1) to provide assistance and communicate 
best practices and financing and funding oppor-tunities to eligible entities for the programs re-ferred to in subsection (d)(1); 
‘‘(2) to administer the application processes 
for programs within the Department in accord-ance with subsection (d); 
‘‘(3) to promote innovative financing best 
practices in accordance with subsection (e); 
‘‘(4) to reduce uncertainty and delays with re-
spect to environmental reviews and permitting in accordance with subsection (f); and 
‘‘(5) to reduce costs and risks to taxpayers in 
project delivery and procurement in accordance with subsection (g). 
‘‘(c) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
‘‘(1) A PPOINTMENT .—The Bureau shall be 
headed by an Executive Director, who shall be appointed in the competitive service by the Sec-retary, with the approval of the President. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Executive Director shall— 
‘‘(A) report to the Under Secretary of Trans-
portation for Policy; 
‘‘(B) be responsible for the management and 
oversight of the daily activities, decisions, oper-ations, and personnel of the Bureau; 
‘‘(C) support the Council on Credit and Fi-
nance established under section 117 in accord-ance with this section; and 
‘‘(D) carry out such additional duties as the 
Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATION OF CERTAIN APPLICA -
TION PROCESSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall admin-
ister the application processes for the following programs: 
‘‘(A) The infrastructure finance programs au-
thorized under chapter 6 of title 23. 
‘‘(B) The railroad rehabilitation and improve-
ment financing program authorized under sec-tions 501 through 503 of the Railroad Revitaliza-tion and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821–823). 
‘‘(C) Amount allocations authorized under 
section 142(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(D) The nationally significant freight and 
highway projects program under section 117 of title 23. 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Ex-
ecutive Director shall ensure that the congres-sional notification requirements for each pro-gram referred to in paragraph (1) are followed in accordance with the statutory provisions ap-plicable to the program. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORTS .—The Executive Director shall 
ensure that the reporting requirements for each program referred to in paragraph (1) are fol-lowed in accordance with the statutory provi-sions applicable to the program. 
‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—In administering the ap-
plication processes for the programs referred to in paragraph (1), the Executive Director shall coordinate with appropriate officials in the De-partment and its modal administrations respon-sible for administering such programs. 
‘‘(5) S
TREAMLINING APPROVAL PROCESSES .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Executive Director shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that— 
‘‘(A) evaluates the application processes for 
the programs referred to in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) identifies administrative and legislative 
actions that would improve the efficiency of the application processes without diminishing Fed-
eral oversight; and 
‘‘(C) describes how the Executive Director will 
implement administrative actions identified under subparagraph (B) that do not require an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(6) P
ROCEDURES AND TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) P ROCEDURES .—With respect to the pro-
grams referred to in paragraph (1), the Execu-tive Director shall— 
‘‘(i) establish procedures for analyzing and 
evaluating applications and for utilizing the recommendations of the Council on Credit and Finance; 
‘‘(ii) establish procedures for addressing late- 
arriving applications, as applicable, and com-municating the Bureau’s decisions for accepting or rejecting late applications to the applicant and the public; and 
‘‘(iii) document major decisions in the applica-
tion evaluation process through a decision memorandum or similar mechanism that pro-vides a clear rationale for such decisions. 
‘‘(B) R
EVIEW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall review the compliance of the Executive Director with the requirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Comptroller 
General may make recommendations to the Ex-ecutive Director in order to improve compliance with the requirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(iii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on the results of the review conducted under clause (i), including findings and recommendations for improvement. 
‘‘(e) I
NNOVATIVE FINANCING BEST PRAC-
TICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall work 
with the modal administrations within the De-partment, eligible entities, and other public and private interests to develop and promote best practices for innovative financing and public- private partnerships. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The Bureau shall carry out 
paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) by making Federal credit assistance pro-
grams more accessible to eligible recipients; 
‘‘(B) by providing advice and expertise to eli-
gible entities that seek to leverage public and private funding; 
‘‘(C) by sharing innovative financing best 
practices and case studies from eligible entities with other eligible entities that are interested in utilizing innovative financing methods; and 
‘‘(D) by developing and monitoring— ‘‘(i) best practices with respect to standardized 
State public-private partnership authorities and practices, including best practices related to— 
‘‘(I) accurate and reliable assumptions for 
analyzing public-private partnership procure-ments; 
‘‘(II) procedures for the handling of unsolic-
ited bids; 
‘‘(III) policies with respect to noncompete 
clauses; and 
‘‘(IV) other significant terms of public-private 
partnership procurements, as determined appro-priate by the Bureau; 
‘‘(ii) standard contracts for the most common 
types of public-private partnerships for trans-portation facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) analytical tools and other techniques to 
aid eligible entities in determining the appro-priate project delivery model, including a value for money analysis. 
‘‘(3) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Bureau shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure the transparency of a project re-
ceiving credit assistance under a program re-ferred to in subsection (d)(1) and procured as a public-private partnership by— ‘‘(i) requiring the sponsor of the project to un-
dergo a value for money analysis or a com-parable analysis prior to deciding to advance the project as a public-private partnership; 
‘‘(ii) requiring the analysis required under 
subparagraph (A), and other key terms of the relevant public-private partnership agreement, to be made publicly available by the project sponsor at an appropriate time; 
‘‘(iii) not later than 3 years after the date of 
completion of the project, requiring the sponsor of the project to conduct a review regarding whether the private partner is meeting the terms of the relevant public-private partnership agree-ment; and 
‘‘(iv) providing a publicly available summary 
of the total level of Federal assistance in such project; and 
‘‘(B) develop guidance to implement this para-
graph that takes into consideration variations in State and local laws and requirements related to public-private partnerships. 
‘‘(4) S
UPPORT TO PROJECT SPONSORS .—At the 
request of an eligible entity, the Bureau shall provide technical assistance to the eligible entity regarding proposed public-private partnership agreements for transportation facilities, includ-ing assistance in performing a value for money analysis or comparable analysis. 
‘‘(f) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW AND PERMIT -
TING.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall take ac-
tions that are appropriate and consistent with the Department’s goals and policies to improve the delivery timelines for projects carried out under the programs referred to in subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The Bureau shall carry out 
paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) by serving as the Department’s liaison to 
the Council on Environmental Quality; 
‘‘(B) by coordinating efforts to improve the ef-
ficiency and effectiveness of the environmental review and permitting process; 
‘‘(C) by providing technical assistance and 
training to field and headquarters staff of Fed-eral agencies on policy changes and innovative approaches to the delivery of projects; and 
‘‘(D) by identifying, developing, and tracking 
metrics for permit reviews and decisions by Fed-eral agencies for projects under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. 
‘‘(3) S
UPPORT TO PROJECT SPONSORS .—At the 
request of an eligible entity that is carrying out a project under a program referred to in sub-section (d)(1), the Bureau, in coordination with the appropriate modal administrations within the Department, shall provide technical assist-ance with regard to the compliance of the project with the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act 1969 and relevant Federal environmental permits. 
‘‘(g) P
ROJECT PROCUREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Bureau shall promote 
best practices in procurement for a project re-ceiving assistance under a program referred to in subsection (d)(1) by developing, in coordina-tion with modal administrations within the De-partment as appropriate, procurement bench-marks in order to ensure accountable expendi-ture of Federal assistance over the life cycle of the project. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCUREMENT BENCHMARKS .—To the 
maximum extent practicable, the procurement benchmarks developed under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) establish maximum thresholds for accept-
able project cost increases and delays in project delivery; 
‘‘(B) establish uniform methods for States to 
measure cost and delivery changes over the life cycle of a project; and 
‘‘(C) be tailored, as necessary, to various types 
of project procurements, including design-bid- build, design-build, and public-private partner-ships. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The Bureau shall— 
‘‘(A) collect information related to procure-
ment benchmarks developed under paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8758 December 1, 2015 
(1), including project specific information de-
tailed under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(B) provide on a publicly accessible Internet 
Web site of the Department a report on the in-formation collected under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(h) E
LIMINATION AND CONSOLIDATION OF DU-
PLICATIVE OFFICES .— 
‘‘(1) E LIMINATION OF OFFICES .—The Secretary 
may eliminate any office within the Department if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(A) the purposes of the office are duplicative 
of the purposes of the Bureau; and 
‘‘(B) the elimination of the office does not ad-
versely affect the obligations of the Secretary under any Federal law. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATION OF OFFICES AND OFFICE  
FUNCTIONS .—The Secretary may consolidate any 
office or office function within the Department into the Bureau that the Secretary determines has duties, responsibilities, resources, or exper-tise that support the purposes of the Bureau. 
‘‘(3) S
TAFFING AND BUDGETARY RESOURCES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the Bureau is adequately staffed and fund-ed. 
‘‘(B) S
TAFFING .—The Secretary may transfer 
to the Bureau a position within the Department from any office that is eliminated or consoli-dated under this subsection if the Secretary de-termines that the position is necessary to carry out the purposes of the Bureau. 
‘‘(C) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—If the Secretary 
transfers a position to the Bureau under sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary, in coordination with the appropriate modal administration, shall ensure that the transfer of the position does not adversely affect the obligations of the modal administration under any Federal law. 
‘‘(D) B
UDGETARY RESOURCES .— 
‘‘(i) T RANSFER OF FUNDS FROM ELIMINATED OR  
CONSOLIDATED OFFICES .—During the 2-year pe-
riod beginning on the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary may transfer to the Bu-reau funds allocated to any office or office func-tion that is eliminated or consolidated under this subsection to carry out the purposes of the Bureau. 
‘‘(ii) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS ALLOCATED TO AD -
MINISTRATIVE COSTS .—During the 2-year period 
beginning on the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary may transfer to the Bureau funds allocated to the administrative costs of processing applications for the programs re-ferred to in subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate of— 
‘‘(A) the offices eliminated under paragraph 
(1) and the rationale for elimination of the of-fices; 
‘‘(B) the offices and office functions consoli-
dated under paragraph (2) and the rationale for consolidation of the offices and office functions; 
‘‘(C) the actions taken under paragraph (3) 
and the rationale for taking such actions; and 
‘‘(D) any additional legislative actions that 
may be needed. 
‘‘(i) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) L AWS AND REGULATIONS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to change a law or regulation with respect to a program referred to in subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to abrogate the respon-sibilities of an agency, operating administration, or office within the Department otherwise charged by a law or regulation with other as-pects of program administration, oversight, or project approval or implementation for the pro-grams and projects subject to this section. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to affect any pending applica-tion under 1 or more of the programs referred to 
in subsection (d)(1) that was received by the Secretary on or before the date of enactment of this section. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) B UREAU .—The term ‘Bureau’ means the 
National Surface Transportation and Innova-tive Finance Bureau of the Department. 
‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
‘‘(3) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means an eligible applicant receiving finan-cial or credit assistance under 1 or more of the programs referred to in subsection (d)(1). 
‘‘(4) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘Execu-
tive Director’ means the Executive Director of the Bureau. 
‘‘(5) M
ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ means a project involving the participation of more than 1 modal adminis-tration or secretarial office within the Depart-ment. 
‘‘(6) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ means a 
highway project, public transportation capital project, freight or passenger rail project, or multimodal project.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘116. National Surface Transportation and In-
novative Finance Bureau.’’. 
SEC. 9002. COUNCIL ON CREDIT AND FINANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 49, United 
States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 117. Council on Credit and Finance 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Transportation shall establish a Council on Credit and Finance in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Council shall be com-
posed of the following members: 
‘‘(A) The Deputy Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) The Under Secretary of Transportation 
for Policy. 
‘‘(C) The Chief Financial Officer and Assist-
ant Secretary for Budget and Programs. 
‘‘(D) The General Counsel of the Department 
of Transportation. 
‘‘(E) The Assistant Secretary for Transpor-
tation Policy. 
‘‘(F) The Administrator of the Federal High-
way Administration. 
‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Federal Transit 
Administration. 
‘‘(H) The Administrator of the Federal Rail-
road Administration. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Secretary 
may designate up to 3 additional officials of the Department to serve as at-large members of the Council. 
‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
‘‘(A) C HAIRPERSON .—The Deputy Secretary of 
Transportation shall serve as the chairperson of the Council. 
‘‘(B) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON .—The Chief Financial 
Officer and Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs shall serve as the vice chairperson of the Council. 
‘‘(4) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Executive Di-
rector of the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau shall serve as a nonvoting member of the Council. 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The Council shall— 
‘‘(1) review applications for assistance sub-
mitted under the programs referred to in sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 116(d)(1); 
‘‘(2) review applications for assistance sub-
mitted under the program referred to in section 116(d)(1)(D), as determined appropriate by the Secretary; 
‘‘(3) make recommendations to the Secretary 
regarding the selection of projects to receive as-sistance under such programs; ‘‘(4) review, on a regular basis, projects that 
received assistance under such programs; and 
‘‘(5) carry out such additional duties as the 
Secretary may prescribe.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘117. Council on Credit and Finance.’’. 
TITLE X—SPORT FISH RESTORATION AND 
RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY 
SEC. 10001. ALLOCATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 3 of the Dingell- 
Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777b) is amended by striking ‘‘57 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘58.012 percent’’. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 4 of the Dingell- 
Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘For each’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘the balance’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year through fiscal year 2021, the bal-ance’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘multistate conservation 
grants under section 14’’ and inserting ‘‘activi-ties under section 14(e)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘18.5 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘18.673 percent’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘18.5 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘17.315 percent’’; 
(D) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4); (E) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (4); and 
(F) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) B
OATING INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An amount equal to 4 per-
cent to the Secretary of the Interior for qualified projects under section 5604(c) of the Clean Ves-sel Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 1322 note) and section 7404(d) of the Sportfishing and Boating Safety Act of 1998 (16 U.S.C. 777g–1(d)). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 75 percent 
of the amount under subparagraph (A) shall be available for projects under either of the sec-tions referred to in subparagraph (A).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A) by striking ‘‘for each’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year through fis-cal year 2021, the Secretary’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) S
ET-ASIDE FOR COAST GUARD ADMINISTRA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the annual appro-
priation made in accordance with section 3, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may use no more than the amount specified in subparagraph (B) for the fiscal year for the purposes set forth in section 13107(c) of title 46, United States Code. The amount specified in subparagraph (B) for a fis-cal year may not be included in the amount of the annual appropriation distributed under sub-section (a) for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) A
VAILABLE AMOUNTS .—The available 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is— 
‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2016, $7,700,000; and ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year 
thereafter, the sum of— 
‘‘(I) the available amount for the preceding 
fiscal year; and 
‘‘(II) the amount determined by multiplying— ‘‘(aa) the available amount for the preceding 
fiscal year; and 
‘‘(bb) the change, relative to the preceding fis-
cal year, in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Department of Labor.’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘until the 
end of the fiscal year.’’ and inserting ‘‘until the end of the subsequent fiscal year.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8759 December 1, 2015 
(ii) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘under subsection (c)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘(c) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(c)(1) The Secretary,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘grants under section 14 of 
this title’’ and inserting ‘‘activities under sec-tion 14(e)’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘57 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘58.012 percent’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall deduct from the 
amount to be apportioned under paragraph (1) the amounts used for grants under section 14(a).’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘those sub-
sections,’’ and inserting ‘‘those paragraphs,’’. 
(c) S
UBMISSION AND APPROVAL OF PLANS AND  
PROJECTS .—Section 6(d) of the Dingell-Johnson 
Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777e(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘for appropriations’’ and inserting ‘‘from appropriations’’. 
(d) U
NEXPENDED OR UNOBLIGATED FUNDS.— 
Section 8(b)(2) of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777g(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘57 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘58.012 percent’’. 
(e) C
OOPERATION .—Section 12 of the Dingell- 
Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777k) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘57 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘58.012 percent’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘under section 4(b)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under section 4(c)’’. 
(f) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—Section 14 of the Din-
gell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777m) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘of each 
annual appropriation made in accordance with the provisions of section 3’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by 
striking ‘‘Of amounts made available under sec-tion 4(b) for each fiscal year—’’ and inserting ‘‘Not more than $1,200,000 of each annual ap-propriation made in accordance with the provi-sions of section 3 shall be distributed to the Sec-retary of the Interior for use as follows:’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(D) by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a period. 
(g) R
EPEAL .—The Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish 
Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777 et seq.) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking section 15; and (2) by redesignating section 16 as section 15. 
SEC. 10002. RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY. 
Section 13107 of title 46, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2) 
and subsection (c),’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c),’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the sum of (A) the amount 
made available from the Boat Safety Account for that fiscal year under section 15 of the Din-gell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act and (B)’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and 
paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c)(1)(A) The Secretary may use amounts 
made available each fiscal year under section 4(b)(2) of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Res-toration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c(b)(2)) for payment of expenses of the Coast Guard for investiga-tions, personnel, and activities directly related to— 
‘‘(i) administering State recreational boating 
safety programs under this chapter; or 
‘‘(ii) coordinating or carrying out the national 
recreational boating safety program under this title. 
‘‘(B) Of the amounts used by the Secretary 
each fiscal year under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) not less than $2,100,000 is available to en-
sure compliance with chapter 43 of this title; and ‘‘(ii) not more than $1,500,000 is available to 
conduct by grant or contract a survey of levels of recreational boating participation and related matters in the United States.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘No funds’’ and inserting ‘‘On 
and after October 1, 2016, no funds’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘traditionally’’. 
TITLE XI—RAIL 
SEC. 11001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Passenger Rail 
Reform and Investment Act of 2015’’. 
Subtitle A—Authorizations 
SEC. 11101. AUTHORIZATION OF GRANTS TO AM-
TRAK. 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—There are author-
ized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak for activities associated with the Northeast Corridor the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $450,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $474,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $515,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $557,000,000. (5) For fiscal year 2020, $600,000,000. (b) N
ATIONAL NETWORK .—There are author-
ized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak for activities associated with the National Network the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $1,000,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $1,026,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $1,085,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $1,143,000,000. (5) For fiscal year 2020, $1,200,000,000. (c) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to one half of 1 per-cent of the amount appropriated under sub-sections (a) and (b) for the costs of management oversight of Amtrak. 
(d) G
ULF COAST WORKING GROUP .—Of the 
total amount made available to the Office of the Secretary of Transportation and the Federal Railroad Administration, for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, $500,000 shall be used to convene the Gulf Coast rail service working group estab-lished under section 11304 of this Act and carry out its responsibilities under such section. 
(e) C
OMPETITION .—In administering grants to 
Amtrak under section 24319 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary may withhold, from amounts that would otherwise be made avail-able to Amtrak, such sums as are necessary from the amount appropriated under subsection (b) of this section to cover the operating subsidy de-scribed in section 24711(b)(1)(E)(ii) of title 49, United States Code. 
(f) S
TATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COMMITTEE .— 
The Secretary may withhold up to $2,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (b) of this section for the use of the State-Supported Route Committee es-tablished under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code. 
(g) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to $5,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (a) of this section for the use of the Northeast Corridor Commission estab-lished under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code. 
(h) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—For purposes of 
this section, the term ‘‘Northeast Corridor’’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the District of Co-lumbia, and facilities and services used to oper-ate and maintain that line. 
(i) S
MALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION STUDY .— 
Of the total amount made available to the Office of the Secretary of Transportation and the Fed-eral Railroad Administration, for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, $1,500,000 shall be used to implement the small business participation study authorized under section 11310 of this Act. 
SEC. 11102. CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUC-
TURE AND SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary for grants under section 24407 of title 49, United States Code, (as 
added by section 11301 of this Act), the fol-lowing amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $98,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $190,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $230,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $255,000,000. (5) For fiscal year 2020, $330,000,000. (b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24407 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 11103. FEDERAL-STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR 
STATE OF GOOD REPAIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary for grants under section 24911 of title 49, United States Code, (as added by section 11302 of this Act), the fol-lowing amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $82,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $140,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $175,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $300,000,000. (5) For fiscal year 2020, $300,000,000. (b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24911 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 11104. RESTORATION AND ENHANCEMENT 
GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary for grants under section 24408 of title 49, United States Code, (as added by section 11303 of this Act), $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
(b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24408 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 11105. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR AMTRAK OFFICE OF IN-SPECTOR GENERAL. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the 
Office of Inspector General of Amtrak the fol-lowing amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $20,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $20,500,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $21,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $21,500,000. (5) For fiscal year 2020, $22,000,000. 
SEC. 11106. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENTS .—Section 24102 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (7) through (11), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) ‘long-distance route’ means a route de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(6) ‘National Network’ includes long-dis-
tance routes and State-supported routes.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(12) ‘state-of-good-repair’ means a condition 
in which physical assets, both individually and as a system, are— 
‘‘(A) performing at a level at least equal to 
that called for in their as-built or as-modified design specification during any period when the life cycle cost of maintaining the assets is lower than the cost of replacing them; and 
‘‘(B) sustained through regular maintenance 
and replacement programs. 
‘‘(13) ‘State-supported route’ means a route 
described in subparagraph (B) or (D) of para-graph (7), or in section 24702, that is operated by Amtrak, excluding those trains operated by Amtrak on the routes described in paragraph (7)(A).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 217 of the Passenger Rail Invest-
ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8760 December 1, 2015 
24702 note) is amended by striking ‘‘24102(5)(D)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘24102(7)(D)’’. 
(2) Section 209(a) of the Passenger Rail Invest-
ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘24102(5)(B) and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘24102(7)(B) and (D)’’. 
Subtitle B—Amtrak Reforms 
SEC. 11201. ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 243 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24317. Accounts 
‘‘(a) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to— 
‘‘(1) promote the effective use and stewardship 
by Amtrak of Amtrak revenues, Federal, State, and third party investments, appropriations, grants and other forms of financial assistance, and other sources of funds; and 
‘‘(2) enhance the transparency of the assign-
ment of revenues and costs among Amtrak busi-ness lines while ensuring the health of the Northeast Corridor and National Network. 
‘‘(b) A
CCOUNT STRUCTURE .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of the Pas-senger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with Amtrak, shall define an account structure and improvements to accounting methodologies, as necessary, to support, at a minimum, the Northeast Corridor and the National Network. 
‘‘(c) F
INANCIAL SOURCES .—In defining the ac-
count structure and improvements to accounting methodologies required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall ensure, to the greatest extent practicable, that Amtrak assigns the following: 
‘‘(1) For the Northeast Corridor account, all 
revenues, appropriations, grants and other forms of financial assistance, compensation, and other sources of funds associated with the Northeast Corridor, including— 
‘‘(A) grant funds appropriated for the North-
east Corridor pursuant to section 11101(a) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 or any subsequent Act; 
‘‘(B) compensation received from commuter 
rail passenger transportation providers for such providers’ share of capital and operating costs on the Northeast Corridor provided to Amtrak pursuant to section 24905(c); and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus of the Northeast 
Corridor, as allocated pursuant to section 24318. 
‘‘(2) For the National Network account, all 
revenues, appropriations, grants and other forms of financial assistance, compensation, and other sources of funds associated with the Na-tional Network, including— 
‘‘(A) grant funds appropriated for the Na-
tional Network pursuant to section 11101(b) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 or any subsequent Act; 
‘‘(B) compensation received from States pro-
vided to Amtrak pursuant to section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 24101 note); and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus of the National 
Network, as allocated pursuant to section 24318. 
‘‘(d) F
INANCIAL USES.—In defining the ac-
count structure and improvements to accounting methodologies required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall ensure, to the greatest extent practicable, that amounts assigned to the North-east Corridor and National Network accounts shall be used by Amtrak for the following: 
‘‘(1) For the Northeast Corridor, all associated 
costs, including— 
‘‘(A) operating activities; ‘‘(B) capital activities as described in section 
24904(a)(2)(E); 
‘‘(C) acquiring, rehabilitating, manufacturing, 
remanufacturing, overhauling, or improving equipment and associated facilities used for intercity rail passenger transportation by North-east Corridor train services; 
‘‘(D) payment of principal and interest on 
loans for capital projects described in this para-graph or for capital leases attributable to the Northeast Corridor; ‘‘(E) other capital projects on the Northeast 
Corridor, determined appropriate by the Sec-retary, and consistent with section 24905(c)(1)(A)(i); and 
‘‘(F) if applicable, capital projects described in 
section 24904(b). 
‘‘(2) For the National Network, all associated 
costs, including— 
‘‘(A) operating activities; ‘‘(B) capital activities; and ‘‘(C) the payment of principal and interest on 
loans or capital leases attributable to the Na-tional Network. 
‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION AND REPORTING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Re-form and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak, in consultation with the Secretary, shall implement any account structures and improvements de-fined under subsection (b) so that Amtrak is able to produce profit and loss statements for each of the business lines described in section 24320(b)(1) and, as appropriate, each of the asset categories described in section 24320(c)(1) that identify sources and uses of— 
‘‘(A) revenues; ‘‘(B) appropriations; and ‘‘(C) transfers between business lines. ‘‘(2) U
PDATED PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENTS .— 
Not later than 1 month after the implementation under paragraph (1), and monthly thereafter, Amtrak shall submit updated profit and loss statements for each of the business lines and asset categories to the Secretary. 
‘‘(f) A
CCOUNT MANAGEMENT .—For the pur-
poses of account management, Amtrak may transfer funds between the Northeast Corridor account and National Network account without prior notification and approval under sub-section (g) if such transfers— 
‘‘(1) do not materially impact Amtrak’s ability 
to achieve its anticipated financial, capital, and operating performance goals for the fiscal year; and 
‘‘(2) would not materially change any grant 
agreement entered into pursuant to section 24319(d), or other agreements made pursuant to applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(g) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If Amtrak determines that 
a transfer between the accounts defined under subsection (b) does not meet the account man-agement standards established under subsection (f), Amtrak may transfer funds between the Northeast Corridor and National Network ac-counts if— 
‘‘(A) Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Di-
rectors, including the Secretary, at least 10 days prior to the expected date of transfer; and 
‘‘(B) solely for a transfer that will materially 
change a grant agreement, the Secretary ap-proves. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 days after the 
Amtrak Board of Directors receives notification from Amtrak under paragraph (1)(A), the Board shall transmit to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the transfer; and ‘‘(B) a detailed explanation of the reason for 
the transfer, including— 
‘‘(i) the effects on Amtrak services funded by 
the account from which the transfer is drawn, in comparison to a scenario in which no transfer was made; and 
‘‘(ii) the effects on Amtrak services funded by 
the account receiving the transfer, in compari-son to a scenario in which no transfer was made. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATIONS .—Not later than 5 days 
after the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a transfer under para-graph (1) to or from an account, Amtrak shall transmit to the State-Supported Route Com-mittee and Northeast Corridor Commission a let-
ter that includes the information described under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(h) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall submit to the Secretary a report assessing the account and reporting structure established under this section and providing any recommendations for further action. Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of such report, the Secretary shall provide an assessment that supplements Amtrak’s report and submit the Amtrak report with the supplemental assessment to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR .— 
Notwithstanding section 24102, for purposes of this section, the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Bos-ton, Massachusetts, and the District of Colum-bia, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24317. Accounts.’’. 
SEC. 11202. AMTRAK GRANT PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS AND PROCEDURES .—Chap-
ter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24318. Costs and revenues 
‘‘(a) A
LLOCATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall establish and maintain internal controls to ensure Amtrak’s costs, revenues, and other com-pensation are appropriately allocated to the Northeast Corridor, including train services or infrastructure, or the National Network, includ-ing proportional shares of common and fixed costs. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to limit the ability of Amtrak to enter into an agreement with 1 or more States to allocate operating and capital costs under section 209 of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR .— 
Notwithstanding section 24102, for purposes of this section, the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Bos-ton, Massachusetts, and the District of Colum-bia, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line. 
‘‘§ 24319. Grant process 
‘‘(a) P
ROCEDURES FOR GRANT REQUESTS .—Not 
later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall es-tablish and transmit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives substantive and procedural requirements, including schedules, for grant requests under this section. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT REQUESTS .—Amtrak shall transmit 
to the Secretary grant requests for Federal funds appropriated to the Secretary of Trans-portation for the use of Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—A grant request under sub-
section (b) shall, as applicable— 
‘‘(1) describe projected operating and capital 
costs for the upcoming fiscal year for Northeast Corridor activities, including train services and infrastructure, and National Network activities, including State-supported routes and long-dis-tance routes, in comparison to prior fiscal year actual financial performance; 
‘‘(2) describe the capital projects to be funded, 
with cost estimates and an estimated timetable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8761 December 1, 2015 
for completion of the projects covered by the re-
quest; and 
‘‘(3) assess Amtrak’s financial condition. ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) T HIRTY -DAY APPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date that Amtrak submits a grant re-quest under this section, the Secretary of Trans-portation shall complete a review of the request and provide notice to Amtrak that— 
‘‘(i) the request is approved; or ‘‘(ii) the request is disapproved, including the 
reason for the disapproval and an explanation of any incomplete or deficient items. 
‘‘(B) G
RANT AGREEMENT .—If a grant request is 
approved, the Secretary shall enter into a grant agreement with Amtrak. 
‘‘(2) F
IFTEEN -DAY MODIFICATION PERIOD .—Not 
later than 15 days after the date of a notice under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), Amtrak shall submit a modified request for the Secretary’s review. 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFIED REQUESTS .—Not later than 15 
days after the date that Amtrak submits a modi-fied request under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall either approve the modified request, or, if the Secretary finds that the request is still in-complete or deficient, the Secretary shall iden-tify in writing to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives the remaining defi-ciencies and recommend a process for resolving the outstanding portions of the request. 
‘‘(e) P
AYMENTS TO AMTRAK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant agreement entered 
into under subsection (d) shall specify the oper-ations, services, and other activities to be fund-ed by the grant. The grant agreement shall in-clude provisions, consistent with the require-ments of this chapter, to measure Amtrak’s per-formance and ensure accountability in deliv-ering the operations, services, or activities to be funded by the grant. 
‘‘(2) S
CHEDULE .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), in each fiscal year for which amounts are appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak, and for which the Secretary and Am-trak have entered into a grant agreement under subsection (d), the Secretary shall disburse grant funds to Amtrak on the following sched-ule: 
‘‘(A) 50 percent on October 1. ‘‘(B) 25 percent on January 1. ‘‘(C) 25 percent on April 1. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may make a 
payment to Amtrak of appropriated funds— 
‘‘(A) more frequently than the schedule under 
paragraph (2) if Amtrak, for good cause, re-quests more frequent payment before the end of a payment period; or 
‘‘(B) with a different frequency or in different 
percentage allocations in the event of a con-tinuing resolution or in the absence of an ap-propriations Act for the duration of a fiscal year. 
‘‘(f) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS AND EARLY 
APPROPRIATIONS .—Amounts appropriated to the 
Secretary for the use of Amtrak shall remain available until expended. Amounts for capital acquisitions and improvements may be appro-priated for a fiscal year before the fiscal year in which the amounts will be obligated. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON USE.—Amounts appro-
priated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak may not be used to cross-subsidize operating losses or capital costs of commuter rail pas-senger or freight rail transportation. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITION OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR .— 
Notwithstanding section 24102, for purposes of this section, the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Bos-ton, Massachusetts, and the District of Colum-bia, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243 is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘24318. Costs and revenues. 
‘‘24319. Grant process.’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT OF GRANT PROCESS .—Sec-
tion 206 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 24104 of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of chapter 241 are repealed. 
SEC. 11203. 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE AND ASSET 
PLANS. 
(a) A MTRAK 5-YEARBUSINESS LINE AND ASSET 
PLANS.—Chapter 243 of title 49, United States 
Code, is further amended by inserting after sec-tion 24319 the following: 
‘‘§ 24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and 
asset plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) F INAL PLANS .—Not later than February 
15 of each year, Amtrak shall submit to Con-gress and the Secretary of Transportation final 5-year business line plans and 5-year asset plans prepared in accordance with this section. These final plans shall form the basis for Amtrak’s general and legislative annual report to the President and Congress required by section 24315(b). Each plan shall cover a period of 5 fis-cal years, beginning with the first fiscal year after the date on which the plan is completed. 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—Each plan prepared 
under this section shall be based on funding lev-els authorized or otherwise available to Amtrak in a fiscal year. In the absence of an authoriza-tion or appropriation of funds for a fiscal year, the plans shall be based on the amount of fund-ing available in the previous fiscal year, plus in-flation. Amtrak may include an appendix to the asset plan required in subsection (c) that de-scribes any funding needs in excess of amounts authorized or otherwise available to Amtrak in a fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) A
MTRAK 5-YEARBUSINESS LINEPLANS.— 
‘‘(1) A MTRAK BUSINESS LINES .—Amtrak shall 
prepare a 5-year business line plan for each of the following business lines and services: 
‘‘(A) Northeast Corridor train services. ‘‘(B) State-supported routes operated by Am-
trak. 
‘‘(C) Long-distance routes operated by Am-
trak. 
‘‘(D) Ancillary services operated by Amtrak, 
including commuter operations and other rev-enue generating activities as determined by the Secretary in coordination with Amtrak. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5 -YEAR BUSINESS LINE  
PLANS .—The 5-year business line plan for each 
business line shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a statement of Amtrak’s objectives, goals, 
and service plan for the business line, in con-sultation with any entities that are contributing capital or operating funding to support pas-senger rail services within those business lines, and aligned with Amtrak’s Strategic Plan and 5-year asset plans under subsection (c); 
‘‘(B) all projected revenues and expenditures 
for the business line, including identification of revenues and expenditures incurred by— 
‘‘(i) passenger operations; ‘‘(ii) non-passenger operations that are di-
rectly related to the business line; and 
‘‘(iii) governmental funding sources, including 
revenues and other funding received from States; 
‘‘(C) projected ridership levels for all pas-
senger operations; 
‘‘(D) estimates of long-term and short-term 
debt and associated principal and interest pay-ments (both current and forecasts); 
‘‘(E) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets; 
‘‘(F) annual cash flow forecasts; ‘‘(G) a statement describing the methodologies 
and significant assumptions underlying esti-mates and forecasts; ‘‘(H) specific performance measures that dem-
onstrate year over year changes in the results of Amtrak’s operations; 
‘‘(I) financial performance for each route 
within each business line, including descriptions of the cash operating loss or contribution and productivity for each route; 
‘‘(J) specific costs and savings estimates re-
sulting from reform initiatives; 
‘‘(K) prior fiscal year and projected equipment 
reliability statistics; and 
‘‘(L) an identification and explanation of any 
major adjustments made from previously-ap-proved plans. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR BUSINESS LINE PLANS PROCESS .—In 
meeting the requirements of this section, Amtrak shall— 
‘‘(A) consult with the Secretary in the devel-
opment of the business line plans; 
‘‘(B) for the Northeast Corridor business line 
plan, consult with the Northeast Corridor Com-mission and transmit to the Commission the final plan under subsection (a)(1), and consult with other entities, as appropriate; 
‘‘(C) for the State-supported route business 
line plan, consult with the State-Supported Route Committee established under section 24712; 
‘‘(D) for the long-distance route business line 
plan, consult with any States or Interstate Com-pacts that provide funding for such routes, as appropriate; 
‘‘(E) ensure that Amtrak’s general and legisla-
tive annual report, required under section 24315(b), to the President and Congress is con-sistent with the information in the 5-year busi-ness line plans; and 
‘‘(F) identify the appropriate Amtrak officials 
that are responsible for each business line. 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR .— 
Notwithstanding section 24102, for purposes of this section, the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Bos-ton, Massachusetts, and the District of Colum-bia, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line. 
‘‘(c) A
MTRAK 5-YEARASSETPLANS.— 
‘‘(1) A SSET CATEGORIES .—Amtrak shall pre-
pare a 5-year asset plan for each of the fol-lowing asset categories: 
‘‘(A) Infrastructure, including all Amtrak- 
controlled Northeast Corridor assets and other Amtrak-owned infrastructure, and the associ-ated facilities that support the operation, main-tenance, and improvement of those assets. 
‘‘(B) Passenger rail equipment, including all 
Amtrak-controlled rolling stock, locomotives, and mechanical shop facilities that are used to overhaul equipment. 
‘‘(C) Stations, including all Amtrak-controlled 
passenger rail stations and elements of other stations for which Amtrak has legal responsi-bility or intends to make capital investments. 
‘‘(D) National assets, including national res-
ervations, security, training and training cen-ters, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national rail passenger transportation system. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5 -YEAR ASSET PLANS .—Each 
asset plan shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a summary of Amtrak’s 5-year strategic 
plan for each asset category, including goals, objectives, any relevant performance metrics, and statutory or regulatory actions affecting the assets; 
‘‘(B) an inventory of existing Amtrak capital 
assets, to the extent practicable, including infor-mation regarding shared use or ownership, if applicable; 
‘‘(C) a prioritized list of proposed capital in-
vestments that— 
‘‘(i) categorizes each capital project as being 
primarily associated with— 
‘‘(I) normalized capital replacement; ‘‘(II) backlog capital replacement; ‘‘(III) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; 
‘‘(IV) strategic initiatives that will improve 
overall operational performance, lower costs, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8762 December 1, 2015 
otherwise improve Amtrak’s corporate effi-
ciency; or 
‘‘(V) statutory, regulatory, or other legal man-
dates; 
‘‘(ii) identifies each project or program that is 
associated with more than 1 category described in clause (i); and 
‘‘(iii) describes the anticipated business out-
come of each project or program identified under this subparagraph, including an assessment of— 
‘‘(I) the potential effect on passenger oper-
ations, safety, reliability, and resilience; 
‘‘(II) the potential effect on Amtrak’s ability 
to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
‘‘(III) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(D) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets for each asset cat-egory. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR ASSET PLAN PROCESS .—In meeting 
the requirements of this subsection, Amtrak shall— 
‘‘(A) consult with each business line described 
in subsection (b)(1) in the preparation of each 5- year asset plan and ensure integration of each 5-year asset plan with the 5-year business line plans; 
‘‘(B) as applicable, consult with the Northeast 
Corridor Commission, the State-Supported Route Committee, and owners of assets affected by 5- year asset plans; and 
‘‘(C) identify the appropriate Amtrak officials 
that are responsible for each asset category. 
‘‘(4) E
VALUATION OF NATIONAL ASSETS  
COSTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the costs and scope of all na-
tional assets; and 
‘‘(B) determine the activities and costs that 
are— 
‘‘(i) required in order to ensure the efficient 
operations of a national rail passenger system; 
‘‘(ii) appropriate for allocation to 1 of the 
other Amtrak business lines; and 
‘‘(iii) extraneous to providing an efficient na-
tional rail passenger system or are too costly rel-ative to the benefits or performance outcomes they provide. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF NATIONAL ASSETS .—In this 
section, the term ‘national assets’ means the Na-tion’s core rail assets shared among Amtrak services, including national reservations, secu-rity, training and training centers, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national rail passenger transportation system. 
‘‘(6) R
ESTRUCTURING OF NATIONAL ASSETS .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of comple-tion of the evaluation under paragraph (4), the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration, in consultation with the Amtrak Board of Directors, the governors of each relevant State, and the Mayor of the District of Colum-bia, or their designees, shall restructure or re-allocate, or both, the national assets costs in ac-cordance with the determination under that sec-tion, including making appropriate updates to Amtrak’s cost accounting methodology and sys-tem. 
‘‘(7) E
XEMPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon written request from 
the Amtrak Board of Directors, the Secretary may exempt Amtrak from including in a plan re-quired under this subsection any information described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make available to the public on the De-partment’s Internet Web site any exemption granted under subparagraph (A) and a detailed justification for granting such exemption. 
‘‘(C) I
NCLUSION IN PLAN .—Amtrak shall in-
clude in the plan required under this subsection any request granted under subparagraph (A) and justification under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(d) S
TANDARDS TO PROMOTE FINANCIAL STA-
BILITY .—In preparing plans under this section, 
Amtrak shall— 
‘‘(1) apply sound budgetary practices, includ-
ing reducing costs and other expenditures, im-proving productivity, increasing revenues, or combinations of such practices; and ‘‘(2) use the categories specified in the finan-
cial accounting and reporting system developed under section 203 of the Passenger Rail Invest-ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATES.—The requirement for 
Amtrak to submit 5-year business line plans under section 24320(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall take effect on February 15, 2017, the due date of the first business line plans. The requirement for Amtrak to submit 5- year asset plans under section 24320(a)(1) of such title shall take effect on February 15, 2019, the due date of the first asset plans. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and asset 
plans.’’. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF 5-YEARFINANCIAL PLAN.—Sec-
tion 204 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 11204. STATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 247 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24712. State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak 
‘‘(a) S
TATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish the State-Supported Route Committee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’) to promote mu-tual cooperation and planning pertaining to the rail operations of Amtrak and related activities of trains operated by Amtrak on State-supported routes and to further implement section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall con-
sist of— 
‘‘(i) members representing Amtrak; ‘‘(ii) members representing the Department of 
Transportation, including the Federal Railroad Administration; and 
‘‘(iii) members representing States. ‘‘(B) N
ON-VOTING MEMBERS .—The Committee 
may invite and accept other non-voting members to participate in Committee activities, as appro-priate. 
‘‘(3) D
ECISIONMAKING .—The Committee shall 
establish a bloc voting system under which, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) there are 3 separate voting blocs to rep-
resent the Committee’s voting members, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) 1 voting bloc to represent the members de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(i); 
‘‘(ii) 1 voting bloc to represent the members de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(ii); and 
‘‘(iii) 1 voting bloc to represent the members 
described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii); 
‘‘(B) each voting bloc has 1 vote; ‘‘(C) the vote of the voting bloc representing 
the members described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) requires the support of at least two-thirds of that voting bloc’s members; and 
‘‘(D) the Committee makes decisions by unani-
mous consent of the 3 voting blocs. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS ; RULES AND PROCEDURES .—The 
Committee shall convene a meeting and shall de-fine and implement the rules and procedures governing the Committee’s proceedings not later than 180 days after the date of establishment of the Committee by the Secretary. The rules and procedures shall— 
‘‘(A) incorporate and further describe the de-
cisionmaking procedures to be used in accord-ance with paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(B) be adopted in accordance with such deci-
sionmaking procedures. ‘‘(5) C
OMMITTEE DECISIONS .—Decisions made 
by the Committee in accordance with the Com-mittee’s rules and procedures, once established, are binding on all Committee members. 
‘‘(6) C
OST ALLOCATION METHODOLOGY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Committee may amend the cost alloca-tion methodology required and previously ap-proved under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES FOR CHANGING METHOD -
OLOGY .—The rules and procedures implemented 
under paragraph (4) shall include procedures for changing the cost allocation methodology. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cost allocation 
methodology shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure equal treatment in the provision of 
like services of all States and groups of States; and 
‘‘(ii) allocate to each route the costs incurred 
only for the benefit of that route and a propor-tionate share, based upon factors that reason-ably reflect relative use, of costs incurred for the common benefit of more than 1 route. 
‘‘(b) I
NVOICES AND REPORTS .—Not later than 
April 15, 2016, and monthly thereafter, Amtrak shall provide to each State that sponsors a State-supported route a monthly invoice of the cost of operating such route, including fixed costs and third-party costs. The Committee shall determine the frequency and contents of finan-cial and performance reports that Amtrak shall provide to the States, as well as the planning and demand reports that the States shall pro-vide to Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If a 
dispute arises with respect to the rules and pro-cedures implemented under subsection (a)(4), an invoice or a report provided under subsection (b), implementation or compliance with the cost allocation methodology developed under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) or amended under subsection (a)(6) of this section, either Amtrak or the State may request that the Surface Transportation Board conduct dispute resolution under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The Surface Transpor-
tation Board shall establish procedures for reso-lution of disputes brought before it under this subsection, which may include provision of pro-fessional mediation services. 
‘‘(3) B
INDING EFFECT .—A decision of the Sur-
face Transportation Board under this subsection shall be binding on the parties to the dispute. 
‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall affect the obligation of a State to pay an amount not in dispute. 
‘‘(d) A
SSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may provide 
assistance to the parties in the course of nego-tiations for a contract for operation of a State- supported route. 
‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—From among 
available funds, the Secretary shall provide— 
‘‘(A) financial assistance to Amtrak or 1 or 
more States to perform requested independent technical analysis of issues before the Com-mittee; and 
‘‘(B) administrative expenses that the Sec-
retary determines necessary. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .—In negotiating 
a contract for operation of a State-supported route, Amtrak and the State or States that spon-sor the route shall consider including provisions that provide penalties and incentives for per-formance. 
‘‘(f) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND OBJECTIVES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall de-
velop a statement of goals, objectives, and asso-ciated recommendations concerning the future of State-supported routes operated by Amtrak. The statement shall identify the roles and re-sponsibilities of Committee members and any other relevant entities, such as host railroads, in meeting the identified goals and objectives, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8763 December 1, 2015 
carrying out the recommendations. The Com-
mittee may consult with such relevant entities, as the Committee considers appropriate, when developing the statement. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS  
AND OBJECTIVES .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Re-form and Investment Act of 2015, the Committee shall transmit the statement developed under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The decisions 
of the Committee— 
‘‘(1) shall pertain to the rail operations of Am-
trak and related activities of trains operated by Amtrak on State-sponsored routes; and 
‘‘(2) shall not pertain to the rail operations or 
related activities of services operated by other rail carriers on State-supported routes. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITION OF STATE.—In this section, 
the term ‘State’ means any of the 50 States, in-cluding the District of Columbia, that sponsor the operation of trains by Amtrak on a State- supported route, or a public entity that sponsors such operation on such a route.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for chapter 247 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘24712. State-supported routes operated by Am-
trak.’’. 
(2) P
ASSENGER RAIL INVESTMENT AND IMPROVE -
MENT ACT .—Section 209 of the Passenger Rail 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (b) and (c), respectively. 
SEC. 11205. COMPOSITION OF AMTRAK’S BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS. 
Section 24302 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘9 directors’’ and inserting ‘‘10 
directors’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, who 
shall serve as a nonvoting member of the Board’’ after ‘‘Amtrak’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘7’’ and 
inserting ‘‘8’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘who are el-
igible to vote’’ after ‘‘serving’’. 
SEC. 11206. ROUTE AND SERVICE PLANNING DECI-
SIONS. 
Section 208 of the Passenger Rail Investment 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 208. METHODOLOGIES FOR AMTRAK ROUTE 
AND SERVICE PLANNING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) M ETHODOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall obtain the services of an independent entity to develop and recommend objective methodologies for Amtrak to use in de-termining what intercity rail passenger trans-portation routes and services it should provide, including the establishment of new routes, the elimination of existing routes, and the contrac-tion or expansion of services or frequencies over such routes. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Amtrak shall require 
the independent entity, in developing the meth-odologies described in subsection (a), to con-sider— 
‘‘(1) the current and expected performance 
and service quality of intercity rail passenger transportation operations, including cost recov-ery, on-time performance, ridership, on-board services, stations, facilities, equipment, and other services; 
‘‘(2) the connectivity of a route with other 
routes; ‘‘(3) the transportation needs of communities 
and populations that are not well served by intercity rail passenger transportation service or by other forms of intercity transportation; 
‘‘(4) the methodologies of Amtrak and major 
intercity rail passenger transportation service providers in other countries for determining intercity passenger rail routes and services; 
‘‘(5) the financial and operational effects on 
the overall network, including the effects on di-rect and indirect costs; 
‘‘(6) the views of States, rail carriers that own 
infrastructure over which Amtrak operates, Interstate Compacts established by Congress and States, Amtrak employee representatives, stakeholder organizations, and other interested parties; and 
‘‘(7) the funding levels that will be available 
under authorization levels that have been en-acted into law. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Pas-senger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the recommendations developed by the inde-pendent entity under subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 90 days after the date on which the recommendations are transmitted under sub-section (c), the Amtrak Board of Directors shall consider the adoption of each recommendation and transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port explaining the reasons for adopting or not adopting each recommendation.’’. 
SEC. 11207. FOOD AND BEVERAGE REFORM. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 243 of title 49, 
United States Code, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24321. Food and beverage reform 
‘‘(a) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall de-velop and begin implementing a plan to elimi-nate, within 5 years of such date of enactment, the operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on board Amtrak trains. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing and im-
plementing the plan, Amtrak shall consider a combination of cost management and revenue generation initiatives, including— 
‘‘(1) scheduling optimization; ‘‘(2) on-board logistics; ‘‘(3) product development and supply chain 
efficiency; 
‘‘(4) training, awards, and accountability; ‘‘(5) technology enhancements and process im-
provements; and 
‘‘(6) ticket revenue allocation. ‘‘(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Amtrak shall ensure 
that no Amtrak employee holding a position as of the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 is involun-tarily separated because of— 
‘‘(1) the development and implementation of 
the plan required under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(2) any other action taken by Amtrak to im-
plement this section. 
‘‘(d) N
OFEDERAL FUNDING FOR OPERATING  
LOSSES .—Beginning on the date that is 5 years 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, no Fed-eral funds may be used to cover any operating loss associated with providing food and bev-erage service on a route operated by Amtrak or a rail carrier that operates a route in lieu of Amtrak pursuant to section 24711. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Re-form and Investment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter for 5 years, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report con-taining the plan developed pursuant to sub-section (a) and a description of progress in the implementation of the plan.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘24321. Food and beverage reform.’’. 
SEC. 11208. ROLLING STOCK PURCHASES. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 243 of title 49, 
United States Code, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24322. Rolling stock purchases 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Prior to entering into any 
contract in excess of $100,000,000 for rolling stock and locomotive procurements Amtrak shall submit a business case analysis to the Secretary of Transportation, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, on the utility of such procurements. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The business case analysis 
shall— 
‘‘(1) include a cost and benefit comparison 
that describes the total lifecycle costs and the anticipated benefits related to revenue, oper-ational efficiency, reliability, and other factors; 
‘‘(2) set forth the total payments by fiscal 
year; 
‘‘(3) identify the specific source and amounts 
of funding for each payment, including Federal funds, State funds, Amtrak profits, Federal, State, or private loans or loan guarantees, and other funding; 
‘‘(4) include an explanation of whether any 
payment under the contract will increase Am-trak’s funding request in its general and legisla-tive annual report required under section 24315(b) in a particular fiscal year; and 
‘‘(5) describe how Amtrak will adjust the pro-
curement if future funding is not available. 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as requiring Amtrak to disclose confidential information regarding a potential vendor’s proposed pricing or other sen-sitive business information prior to contract exe-cution or prohibiting Amtrak from entering into a contract after submission of a business case analysis under subsection (a).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘24322. Rolling stock purchases.’’. 
SEC. 11209. LOCAL PRODUCTS AND PRO-
MOTIONAL EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall establish a pilot program for a State or States that sponsor a State-supported route op-erated by Amtrak to facilitate— 
(1) onboard purchase and sale of local food 
and beverage products; and 
(2) partnerships with local entities to hold 
promotional events on trains or in stations. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DESIGN .—The pilot program 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(1) allow a State or States to nominate and se-
lect a local food and beverage products supplier or suppliers or local promotional event partner; 
(2) allow a State or States to charge a reason-
able price or fee for local food and beverage products or promotional events and related ac-tivities to help defray the costs of program ad-ministration and State-supported routes; and 
(3) provide a mechanism to ensure that State 
products can effectively be handled and inte-grated into existing food and beverage services, including compliance with all applicable regula-tions and standards governing such services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8764 December 1, 2015 
(c) P ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—The pilot pro-
gram shall— 
(1) for local food and beverage products, en-
sure the products are integrated into existing food and beverage services, including compli-ance with all applicable regulations and stand-ards; 
(2) for promotional events, ensure the events 
are held in compliance with all applicable regu-lations and standards, including terms to ad-dress insurance requirements; and 
(3) require an annual report that documents 
revenues and costs and indicates whether the products or events resulted in a reduction in the financial contribution of a State or States to the applicable State-supported route. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on which States have participated in the pilot programs under this section. The report shall summarize the fi-nancial and operational outcomes of the pilot programs and include any plan for future ac-tion. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as limiting Amtrak’s ability to operate special trains in accordance with section 216 of the Passenger Rail Invest-ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24308 note). 
SEC. 11210. AMTRAK PILOT PROGRAM FOR PAS-
SENGERS TRANSPORTING DOMES-TICATED CATS AND DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall develop a pilot program that allows passengers to transport domesticated cats or dogs on cer-tain trains operated by Amtrak. 
(b) P
ETPOLICY .—In developing the pilot pro-
gram required under subsection (a), Amtrak shall— 
(1) in the case of a passenger train that is 
comprised of more than 1 car, designate, where feasible, at least 1 car in which a ticketed pas-senger may transport a domesticated cat or dog in the same manner as carry-on baggage if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet ken-
nel; 
(B) the pet kennel complies with Amtrak size 
requirements for carriage of carry-on baggage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train oper-
ating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(7) of title 49, United States Code; and 
(D) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); 
(2) allow a ticketed passenger to transport a 
domesticated cat or dog on a train in the same manner as cargo if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet ken-
nel; 
(B) the pet kennel complies with Amtrak size 
requirements for carriage of carry-on baggage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train oper-
ating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(7) of title 49, United States Code; 
(D) the cargo area is temperature controlled in 
a manner protective of cat and dog safety and health; and 
(E) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); and 
(3) collect fees for each cat or dog transported 
by a ticketed passenger in an amount that, in the aggregate and at a minimum, covers the full costs of the pilot program. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
pilot program required under subsection (a) is first implemented, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing an eval-uation of the pilot program. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— (1) S ERVICE ANIMALS .—The pilot program 
under subsection (a) shall be separate from and in addition to the policy governing Amtrak pas-sengers traveling with service animals. Nothing in this section may be interpreted to limit or waive the rights of passengers to transport serv-ice animals. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAIN CARS .—Nothing in this 
section may be interpreted to require Amtrak to add additional train cars or modify existing train cars. 
(3) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—No Federal funds may 
be used to implement the pilot program required under this section. 
SEC. 11211. RIGHT-OF-WAY LEVERAGING. 
(a) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seeking qualified persons or entities to utilize right-of-way and real estate owned, controlled, or managed by Amtrak for telecommunications systems, energy distribution systems, and other activities consid-ered appropriate by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Request for Proposals 
shall provide sufficient information on the right-of-way and real estate assets to enable re-spondents to propose an arrangement that will monetize or generate additional revenue from such assets through revenue sharing or leasing agreements with Amtrak, to the extent possible. 
(3) D
EADLINE .—Amtrak shall set a deadline 
for the submission of proposals that is not later than 1 year after the issuance of the Request for Proposals under paragraph (1). 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the deadline for the receipt of proposals under subsection (a), the Amtrak Board of Directors shall review and consider each qualified proposal. Amtrak may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified proposal. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
deadline for the receipt of proposals under sub-section (a), Amtrak shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the Request for Proposals required by this section, including summary information of any proposals sub-mitted to Amtrak and any proposals accepted by the Amtrak Board of Directors. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to utilize right-of-way or real estate assets that it currently owns, controls, or manages or con-strain Amtrak’s ability to enter into agreements with other parties to utilize such assets. 
SEC. 11212. STATION DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OPTIONS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
(1) options to enhance economic development 
and accessibility of and around Amtrak stations and terminals, for the purposes of— 
(A) improving station condition, functionality, 
capacity, and customer amenities; 
(B) generating additional investment capital 
and development-related revenue streams; 
(C) increasing ridership and revenue; and (D) strengthening multimodal connections, in-
cluding transit, intercity buses, roll-on and roll- off bicycles, and airports, as appropriate; and 
(2) options for additional Amtrak stops that 
would have a positive incremental financial im-pact to Amtrak, based on Amtrak feasibility studies that demonstrate a financial benefit to Amtrak by generating additional revenue that exceeds any incremental costs. 
(b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date the report is sub-mitted under subsection (a), Amtrak shall issue a Request for Information for 1 or more owners 
of stations served by Amtrak to formally express an interest in completing the requirements of this section. 
(c) P
ROPOSALS .— 
(1) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date the Request for Informa-tion is issued under subsection (b), Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals from qualified per-sons, including small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals and veteran-owned small businesses, to lead, participate, or partner with Amtrak, a station owner that responded under subsection (b), and other entities in en-hancing development in and around such sta-tions and terminals using applicable options identified under subsection (a) at facilities se-lected by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date the Request for Pro-posals is issued under paragraph (1), the Am-trak Board of Directors shall review and con-sider qualified proposals submitted under para-graph (1). Amtrak or a station owner that re-sponded under subsection (b) may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified proposal. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the Request for Proposals process re-quired under this section, including summary information of any qualified proposals sub-mitted to Amtrak and any proposals acted upon by Amtrak or a station owner that responded under subsection (b). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘small business concern’’, ‘‘socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individual’’, and ‘‘vet-eran-owned small business’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 11310(c) of this Act. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to 
develop its stations, terminals, or other assets, to constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into and carry out agreements with other parties to en-hance development at or around Amtrak sta-tions or terminals, or to affect any station devel-opment initiatives ongoing as of the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 11213. AMTRAK BOARDING PROCEDURES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Amtrak Office of Inspector General shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) evaluates Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
for passengers, including passengers using or transporting nonmotorized transportation, such as bicycles, at its 15 stations through which the most people pass; 
(2) compares Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
to— 
(A) boarding procedures of providers of com-
muter railroad passenger transportation at sta-tions shared with Amtrak; 
(B) international intercity passenger rail 
boarding procedures; and 
(C) fixed guideway transit boarding proce-
dures; and 
(3) makes recommendations, as appropriate, to 
improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures, includ-ing recommendations regarding the queuing of passengers and free-flow of all station users and facility improvements needed to achieve the rec-ommendations. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 6 months after the report is sub-mitted under subsection (a), the Amtrak Board of Directors shall consider each recommendation provided under subsection (a)(3) for implementa-tion at appropriate locations across the Amtrak system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8765 December 1, 2015 
SEC. 11214. AMTRAK DEBT. 
Section 205 of the Passenger Rail Investment 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enactment of 
this Act’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent provided in 
advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘Am-trak’s indebtedness’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; (3) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation’’ and in-serting ‘‘To the extent amounts are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘, to the ex-
tent provided in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘as appropriate’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘by section 
102 of this division’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘by section 
102’’ and inserting ‘‘for Amtrak’’; 
(6) in subsection (g) by inserting ‘‘, unless 
that debt receives credit assistance, including direct loans and loan guarantees, under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code or title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and 
(7) by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 11215. ELIMINATION OF DUPLICATIVE RE-
PORTING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) review existing Amtrak reporting require-
ments and identify where the existing require-ments are duplicative with the business line and asset plans required by section 24320 of title 49, United States Code, or any other planning or re-porting requirements under Federal law or regu-lation; 
(2) if the duplicative requirements identified 
under paragraph (1) are administrative, elimi-nate such requirements; and 
(3) submit to Congress a report with any rec-
ommendations for repealing any other duplica-tive requirements. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
SEC. 11301. CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUC-
TURE AND SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24407. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this section to an eligi-ble recipient to assist in financing the cost of improving passenger and freight rail transpor-tation systems in terms of safety, efficiency, or reliability. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The following en-
tities are eligible to receive a grant under this section: 
‘‘(1) A State. ‘‘(2) A group of States. ‘‘(3) An Interstate Compact. 
‘‘(4) A public agency or publicly chartered au-
thority established by 1 or more States. 
‘‘(5) A political subdivision of a State. ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail carrier that pro-
vides intercity rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102). 
‘‘(7) A Class II railroad or Class III railroad 
(as those terms are defined in section 20102). 
‘‘(8) Any rail carrier or rail equipment manu-
facturer in partnership with at least 1 of the en-tities described in paragraphs (1) through (5). 
‘‘(9) The Transportation Research Board and 
any entity with which it contracts in the devel-opment of rail-related research, including coop-erative research programs. 
‘‘(10) A University transportation center en-
gaged in rail-related research. 
‘‘(11) A non-profit labor organization rep-
resenting a class or craft of employees of rail carriers or rail carrier contractors. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—The following 
projects are eligible to receive grants under this section: 
‘‘(1) Deployment of railroad safety tech-
nology, including positive train control and rail integrity inspection systems. 
‘‘(2) A capital project as defined in section 
24401(2), except that a project shall not be re-quired to be in a State rail plan developed under chapter 227. 
‘‘(3) A capital project identified by the Sec-
retary as being necessary to address congestion challenges affecting rail service. 
‘‘(4) A capital project identified by the Sec-
retary as being necessary to reduce congestion and facilitate ridership growth in intercity pas-senger rail transportation along heavily traveled rail corridors. 
‘‘(5) A highway-rail grade crossing improve-
ment project, including installation, repair, or improvement of grade separations, railroad crossing signals, gates, and related technologies, highway traffic signalization, highway lighting and crossing approach signage, roadway im-provements such as medians or other barriers, railroad crossing panels and surfaces, and safe-ty engineering improvements to reduce risk in quiet zones or potential quiet zones. 
‘‘(6) A rail line relocation and improvement 
project. 
‘‘(7) A capital project to improve short-line or 
regional railroad infrastructure. 
‘‘(8) The preparation of regional rail and cor-
ridor service development plans and cor-responding environmental analyses. 
‘‘(9) Any project that the Secretary considers 
necessary to enhance multimodal connections or facilitate service integration between rail service and other modes, including between intercity rail passenger transportation and intercity bus service or commercial air service. 
‘‘(10) The development and implementation of 
a safety program or institute designed to im-prove rail safety. 
‘‘(11) Any research that the Secretary con-
siders necessary to advance any particular as-pect of rail-related capital, operations, or safety improvements. 
‘‘(12) Workforce development and training ac-
tivities, coordinated to the extent practicable with the existing local training programs sup-ported by the Department of Transportation, the Department of Labor, and the Department of Education. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall prescribe the form and manner of filing an application under this section. 
‘‘(e) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In selecting a recipient of a 
grant for an eligible project, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) give preference to a proposed project for 
which the proposed Federal share of total project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
‘‘(B) after factoring in preference to projects 
under subparagraph (A), select projects that will maximize the net benefits of the funds ap-propriated for use under this section, consid-ering the cost-benefit analysis of the proposed project, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project and factoring in the other considerations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall also consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential pri-vate sector participation in the financing, con-struction, or operation of the project. 
‘‘(B) The recipient’s past performance in de-
veloping and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions. 
‘‘(C) Whether the recipient has or will have 
the legal, financial, and technical capacity to carry out the proposed project, satisfactory con-tinuing control over the use of the equipment or facilities, and the capability and willingness to maintain the equipment or facilities. ‘‘(D) If applicable, the consistency of the pro-
posed project with planning guidance and docu-ments set forth by the Secretary or required by law or State rail plans developed under chapter 227. 
‘‘(E) If applicable, any technical evaluation 
ratings the proposed project received under pre-vious competitive grant programs administered by the Secretary. 
‘‘(F) Such other factors as the Secretary con-
siders relevant to the successful delivery of the project. 
‘‘(3) B
ENEFITS .—The benefits described in 
paragraph (1)(B) may include the effects on sys-tem and service performance, including meas-ures such as improved safety, competitiveness, reliability, trip or transit time, resilience, effi-ciencies from improved integration with other modes, the ability to meet existing or anticipated demand, and any other benefits. 
‘‘(f) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Secretary 
shall establish performance measures for each grant recipient to assess progress in achieving strategic goals and objectives. The Secretary may require a grant recipient to periodically re-port information related to such performance measures. 
‘‘(g) R
URAL AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-
priated under this section, at least 25 percent shall be available for projects in rural areas. The Secretary shall consider a project to be in a rural area if all or the majority of the project (determined by the geographic location or loca-tions where the majority of the project funds will be spent) is located in a rural area. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF RURAL AREA .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘rural area’ means any area not in an urbanized area, as defined by the Bu-reau of the Census. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COSTS .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total costs of a project under this section based on the best available informa-tion, including any available engineering stud-ies, studies of economic feasibility, environ-mental analyses, and information on the ex-pected use of equipment or facilities. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total project costs under this section shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF PASSENGER RAIL REV -
ENUE.—If Amtrak or another rail carrier is an 
applicant under this section, Amtrak or the other rail carrier, as applicable, may use ticket and other revenues generated from its oper-ations and other sources to satisfy the non-Fed-eral share requirements. 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICABILITY .—Except as specifically 
provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements of this chapter. 
‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated for 
carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(k) L
IMITATION .—The requirements of sec-
tions 24402, 24403, and 24404 and the definition contained in 24401(1) shall not apply to this sec-tion. 
‘‘(l) S
PECIAL TRANSPORTATION CIR-
CUMSTANCES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out this chap-
ter, the Secretary shall allocate an appropriate portion of the amounts available to programs in this chapter to provide grants to States— 
‘‘(A) in which there is no intercity passenger 
rail service, for the purpose of funding freight rail capital projects that are on a State rail plan developed under chapter 227 that provide public benefits (as defined in chapter 227), as deter-mined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) in which the rail transportation system 
is not physically connected to rail systems in the continental United States or may not otherwise qualify for a grant under this section due to the unique characteristics of the geography of that State or other relevant considerations, for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8766 December 1, 2015 
purpose of funding transportation-related cap-
ital projects. 
‘‘(2) D EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the term ‘appropriate portion’ means a share, for each State subject to paragraph (1), not less than the share of the total railroad route miles in such State of the total railroad route miles in the United States, excluding from all totals the route miles exclusively used for tourist, scenic, and excursion railroad oper-ations.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relat-ing to section 24406 the following: 
‘‘24407. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements.’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .— 
(1) Sections 20154 and 20167 of chapter 201 of 
title 49, United States Code, and the items relat-ing to such sections in the table of contents of such chapter, are repealed. 
(2) Section 24105 of chapter 241 of title 49, 
United States Code, and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such chapter, is repealed. 
(3) Chapter 225 of title 49, United States Code, 
and the item relating to such chapter in the table of contents of subtitle V of such title, is re-pealed. 
(4) Section 22108 of chapter 221 of title 49, 
United States Code, and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such chapter, are repealed. 
SEC. 11302. FEDERAL-STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR 
STATE OF GOOD REPAIR. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 249 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 24910 the following: 
‘‘§ 24911. Federal-State partnership for state 
of good repair 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘applicant’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a State (including the District of Colum-
bia); 
‘‘(B) a group of States; ‘‘(C) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(D) a public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States; 
‘‘(E) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(F) Amtrak, acting on its own behalf or 
under a cooperative agreement with 1 or more States; or 
‘‘(G) any combination of the entities described 
in subparagraphs (A) through (F). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL PROJECT .—The term ‘capital 
project’ means— 
‘‘(A) a project primarily intended to replace, 
rehabilitate, or repair major infrastructure as-sets utilized for providing intercity rail pas-senger service, including tunnels, bridges, sta-tions, and other assets, as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) a project primarily intended to improve 
intercity passenger rail performance, including reduced trip times, increased train frequencies, higher operating speeds, and other improve-ments, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) I
NTERCITY RAIL PASSENGER TRANSPOR -
TATION .—The term ‘intercity rail passenger 
transportation’ has the meaning given the term in section 24102. 
‘‘(4) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—The term ‘North-
east Corridor’ means— 
‘‘(A) the main rail line between Boston, Mas-
sachusetts and the District of Columbia; 
‘‘(B) the branch rail lines connecting to Har-
risburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachu-setts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York; and 
‘‘(C) facilities and services used to operate 
and maintain lines described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED RAILROAD ASSET .—The term 
‘qualified railroad asset’ means infrastructure, equipment, or a facility that— 
‘‘(A) is owned or controlled by an eligible ap-
plicant; ‘‘(B) is contained in the planning document 
developed under section 24904 and for which a cost-allocation policy has been developed under section 24905(c), or is contained in an equivalent planning document and for which a similar cost-allocation policy has been developed; and 
‘‘(C) was not in a state of good repair on the 
date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation shall develop and im-plement a program for issuing grants to appli-cants, on a competitive basis, to fund capital projects that reduce the state of good repair backlog with respect to qualified railroad assets. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Projects eligible for 
grants under this section include capital projects to replace or rehabilitate qualified rail-road assets, including— 
‘‘(1) capital projects to replace existing assets 
in-kind; 
‘‘(2) capital projects to replace existing assets 
with assets that increase capacity or provide a higher level of service; 
‘‘(3) capital projects to ensure that service can 
be maintained while existing assets are brought to a state of good repair; and 
‘‘(4) capital projects to bring existing assets 
into a state of good repair. 
‘‘(d) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .—In select-
ing an applicant for a grant under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) give preference to eligible projects for 
which— 
‘‘(A) Amtrak is not the sole applicant; ‘‘(B) applications were submitted jointly by 
multiple applicants; and 
‘‘(C) the proposed Federal share of total 
project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
‘‘(2) take into account— ‘‘(A) the cost-benefit analysis of the proposed 
project, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project, including— 
‘‘(i) effects on system and service performance; ‘‘(ii) effects on safety, competitiveness, reli-
ability, trip or transit time, and resilience; 
‘‘(iii) efficiencies from improved integration 
with other modes; and 
‘‘(iv) ability to meet existing or anticipated de-
mand; 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential pri-vate sector participation in the financing, con-struction, or operation of the proposed project; 
‘‘(C) the applicant’s past performance in de-
veloping and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions; 
‘‘(D) whether the applicant has, or will 
have— 
‘‘(i) the legal, financial, and technical capac-
ity to carry out the project; 
‘‘(ii) satisfactory continuing control over the 
use of the equipment or facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) the capability and willingness to main-
tain the equipment or facilities; 
‘‘(E) if applicable, the consistency of the 
project with planning guidance and documents set forth by the Secretary or required by law; and 
‘‘(F) any other relevant factors, as determined 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLIANCE WITH USAGE AGREEMENTS .— 
Grant funds may not be provided under this sec-tion to an eligible recipient for an eligible project located on the Northeast Corridor unless Amtrak and the public authorities providing commuter rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor are in compliance with sec-tion 24905(c)(2). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—When select-
ing projects located on the Northeast Corridor, the Secretary shall consider the appropriate se-quence and phasing of projects as contained in the Northeast Corridor capital investment plan developed pursuant to section 24904(a). 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— ‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COST .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total cost of a project under this section based on the best available informa-tion, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, environmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equip-ment or facilities. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total costs for a project under this section shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF AMTRAK REVENUE .—If Am-
trak is an applicant under this section, Amtrak may use ticket and other revenues generated from its operations and other sources to satisfy the non-Federal share requirements. 
‘‘(g) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, to the 
maximum extent practicable, issue a letter of in-tent to a grantee under this section that— 
‘‘(A) announces an intention to obligate, for a 
major capital project under this section, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the project; and 
‘‘(B) states that the contingent commitment— ‘‘(i) is not an obligation of the Federal Gov-
ernment; and 
‘‘(ii) is subject to the availability of appropria-
tions for grants under this section and subject to Federal laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment. 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days be-
fore issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit written notification to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The notification submitted 
pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the proposed letter; ‘‘(ii) the criteria used under subsection (d) for 
selecting the project for a grant award; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the project meets 
such criteria. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIRED .—An obliga-
tion or administrative commitment may be made under this section only when amounts are ap-propriated for such purpose. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(i) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—Except as specifi-
cally provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this sec-tion shall be subject to the grant conditions under section 24405.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 249 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 24910 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘24911. Federal-State partnership for state of 
good repair.’’. 
SEC. 11303. RESTORATION AND ENHANCEMENT 
GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244 of title 49, 
United States Code, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24408. Restoration and enhancement grants 
‘‘(a) A
PPLICANT DEFINED .—Notwithstanding 
section 24401(1), in this section, the term ‘appli-cant’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State, including the District of Colum-
bia; 
‘‘(2) a group of States; ‘‘(3) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(4) a public agency or publicly chartered au-
thority established by 1 or more States; 
‘‘(5) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail carrier that pro-
vides intercity rail passenger transportation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8767 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(7) Any rail carrier in partnership with at 
least 1 of the entities described in paragraphs (1) through (5); and 
‘‘(8) any combination of the entities described 
in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of 
Transportation shall develop and implement a program for issuing operating assistance grants to applicants, on a competitive basis, for the purpose of initiating, restoring, or enhancing intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—An applicant for a grant 
under this section shall submit to the Sec-retary— 
‘‘(1) a capital and mobilization plan that— ‘‘(A) describes any capital investments, service 
planning actions (such as environmental re-views), and mobilization actions (such as quali-fication of train crews) required for initiation of intercity rail passenger transportation; and 
‘‘(B) includes the timeline for undertaking 
and completing each of the investments and ac-tions referred to in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(2) an operating plan that describes the 
planned operation of the service, including— 
‘‘(A) the identity and qualifications of the 
train operator; 
‘‘(B) the identity and qualifications of any 
other service providers; 
‘‘(C) service frequency; ‘‘(D) the planned routes and schedules; ‘‘(E) the station facilities that will be utilized; ‘‘(F) projected ridership, revenues, and costs; ‘‘(G) descriptions of how the projections under 
subparagraph (F) were developed; 
‘‘(H) the equipment that will be utilized, how 
such equipment will be acquired or refurbished, and where such equipment will be maintained; and 
‘‘(I) a plan for ensuring safe operations and 
compliance with applicable safety regulations; 
‘‘(3) a funding plan that— ‘‘(A) describes the funding of initial capital 
costs and operating costs for the first 3 years of operation; 
‘‘(B) includes a commitment by the applicant 
to provide the funds described in subparagraph (A) to the extent not covered by Federal grants and revenues; and 
‘‘(C) describes the funding of operating costs 
and capital costs, to the extent necessary, after the first 3 years of operation; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the status of negotiations 
and agreements with— 
‘‘(A) each of the railroads or regional trans-
portation authorities whose tracks or facilities would be utilized by the service; 
‘‘(B) the anticipated railroad carrier, if such 
entity is not part of the applicant group; and 
‘‘(C) any other service providers or entities ex-
pected to provide services or facilities that will be used by the service, including any required access to Amtrak systems, stations, and facilities if Amtrak is not part of the applicant group. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITIES .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applications— 
‘‘(1) for which planning, design, any environ-
mental reviews, negotiation of agreements, ac-quisition of equipment, construction, and other actions necessary for initiation of service have been completed or nearly completed; 
‘‘(2) that would restore service over routes for-
merly operated by Amtrak, including routes de-scribed in section 11304 of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015; 
‘‘(3) that would provide daily or daytime serv-
ice over routes where such service did not pre-viously exist; 
‘‘(4) that include funding (including funding 
from railroads), or other significant participa-tion by State, local, and regional governmental and private entities; 
‘‘(5) that include a funding plan that dem-
onstrates the intercity rail passenger service will be financially sustainable beyond the 3-year grant period; 
‘‘(6) that would provide service to regions and 
communities that are underserved or not served by other intercity public transportation; ‘‘(7) that would foster economic development, 
particularly in rural communities and for dis-advantaged populations; 
‘‘(8) that would provide other non-transpor-
tation benefits; and 
‘‘(9) that would enhance connectivity and ge-
ographic coverage of the existing national net-work of intercity rail passenger service. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D URATION .—Federal operating assistance 
grants authorized under this section for any in-dividual intercity rail passenger transportation route may not provide funding for more than 3 years and may not be renewed. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 6 of the op-
erating assistance grants awarded pursuant to subsection (b) may be simultaneously active. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM FUNDING .—Grants described in 
paragraph (1) may not exceed— 
‘‘(A) 80 percent of the projected net operating 
costs for the first year of service; 
‘‘(B) 60 percent of the projected net operating 
costs for the second year of service; and 
‘‘(C) 40 percent of the projected net operating 
costs for the third year of service. 
‘‘(f) U SEWITHCAPITAL GRANTS AND OTHER 
FEDERAL FUNDING .—A recipient of an operating 
assistance grant under subsection (b) may use that grant in combination with other Federal grants awarded that would benefit the applica-ble service. 
‘‘(g) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION WITHAMTRAK .—If the 
Secretary awards a grant under this section to a rail carrier other than Amtrak, Amtrak may be required consistent with section 24711(c)(1) of this title to provide access to its reservation sys-tem, stations, and facilities that are directly re-lated to operations to such carrier, to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion. The Secretary may award an appropriate portion of the grant to Amtrak as compensation for this access. 
‘‘(i) C
ONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT AGREEMENT .—The Secretary shall 
require a grant recipient under this section to enter into a grant agreement that requires such recipient to provide similar information regard-ing the route performance, financial, and rider-ship projections, and capital and business plans that Amtrak is required to provide, and such other data and information as the Secretary considers necessary. 
‘‘(2) I
NSTALLMENTS ; TERMINATION .—The Sec-
retary may— 
‘‘(A) award grants under this section in in-
stallments, as the Secretary considers appro-priate; and 
‘‘(B) terminate any grant agreement upon— ‘‘(i) the cessation of service; or ‘‘(ii) the violation of any other term of the 
grant agreement. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall 
require each recipient of a grant under this sec-tion to comply with the grant requirements of section 24405. 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary, after consultation with grant recipients under this section, shall submit to Congress a report that describes— 
‘‘(1) the implementation of this section; ‘‘(2) the status of the investments and oper-
ations funded by such grants; 
‘‘(3) the performance of the routes funded by 
such grants; 
‘‘(4) the plans of grant recipients for contin-
ued operation and funding of such routes; and 
‘‘(5) any legislative recommendations.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) C HAPTER 244 .—Chapter 244 of title 49, 
United States Code, is further amended— 
(A) in the table of contents by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘24408. Restoration and enhancement grants.’’; (B) in the chapter heading by striking 
‘‘INTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL SERVICE 
CORRIDOR CAPITAL ASSISTANCE ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘ RAIL IMPROVEMENT GRANTS ’’; 
(C) in section 24402 by striking subsection (j); 
and 
(D) in section 24405— (i) in subsection (b)(2) by striking ‘‘(43’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(45’’; 
(ii) in subsection (c)(2)(B) by striking ‘‘protec-
tive arrangements established’’ and inserting ‘‘protective arrangements that are equivalent to the protective arrangements established’’; 
(iii) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or un-less Amtrak ceased providing intercity passenger railroad transportation over the affected route more than 3 years before the commencement of new service’’ after ‘‘unless such service was pro-vided solely by Amtrak to another entity’’; and 
(iv) in subsection (f) by striking ‘‘under this 
chapter for commuter rail passenger transpor-tation, as defined in section 24102(4) of this title.’’ and inserting ‘‘under this chapter for commuter rail passenger transportation (as de-fined in section 24102(3)).’’; and 
(2) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS AMENDMENT .—The 
item relating to chapter 244 in the table of chap-ters of subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Intercity passenger rail service corridor capital assistance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Rail improvement grants’’. 
SEC. 11304. GULF COAST RAIL SERVICE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to evaluate the restoration of intercity rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region between New Orleans, Louisiana, and Orlando, Florida. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group con-
vened pursuant to subsection (a) shall consist of representatives of— 
(1) the Federal Railroad Administration, 
which shall serve as chair of the working group; 
(2) Amtrak; (3) the States along the proposed route or 
routes; 
(4) regional transportation planning organiza-
tions and metropolitan planning organizations, municipalities, and communities along the pro-posed route or routes, which shall be selected by the Administrator; 
(5) the Southern Rail Commission; (6) railroad carriers whose tracks may be used 
for such service; and 
(7) other entities determined appropriate by 
the Secretary, which may include other railroad carriers that express an interest in Gulf Coast service. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall— 
(1) evaluate all options for restoring intercity 
rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region, including options outlined in the report trans-mitted to Congress pursuant to section 226 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432); 
(2) select a preferred option for restoring such 
service; 
(3) develop a prioritized inventory of capital 
projects and other actions required to restore such service and cost estimates for such projects or actions; and 
(4) identify Federal and non-Federal funding 
sources required to restore such service, includ-ing options for entering into public-private part-nerships to restore such service. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that includes— 
(1) the preferred option selected under sub-
section (c)(2) and the reasons for selecting such option; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8768 December 1, 2015 
(2) the information described in subsection 
(c)(3); 
(3) the funding sources identified under sub-
section (c)(4); 
(4) the costs and benefits of restoring intercity 
rail passenger transportation in the region; and 
(5) any other information the working group 
determines appropriate. 
(e) F UNDING .—From funds made available 
under section 11101(d), the Secretary shall pro-vide— 
(1) financial assistance to the working group 
to perform requested independent technical analysis of issues before the working group; and 
(2) administrative expenses that the Secretary 
determines necessary. 
SEC. 11305. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION. 
(a) C OMPOSITION .—Section 24905(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by inserting ‘‘, infrastructure investments,’’ after ‘‘rail operations’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) members representing the Department of 
Transportation, including the Office of the Sec-retary, the Federal Railroad Administration, and the Federal Transit Administration;’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D) by inserting ‘‘and 
commuter’’ after ‘‘freight’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(6) The members of the Commission shall 
elect co-chairs consisting of 1 member described in paragraph (1)(B) and 1 member described in paragraph (1)(C).’’. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Section 24905(b) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘and periodi-
cally update’’ after ‘‘develop’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘beyond 
those specified in the state-of-good-repair plan under section 211 of the Passenger Rail Invest-ment and Improvement Act of 2008’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS , 
RECOMMENDATIONS , AND PERFORMANCE RE -
PORTS .—The Commission shall submit to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives— 
‘‘(A) any updates made to the statement of 
goals developed under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after such updates are made; and 
‘‘(B) annual performance reports and rec-
ommendations for improvements, as appropriate, issued not later than March 31 of each year, for the prior fiscal year, which summarize— 
‘‘(i) the operations and performance of com-
muter, intercity, and freight rail transportation along the Northeast Corridor; and 
‘‘(ii) the delivery of the capital investment 
plan described in section 24904.’’. 
(c) C
OST ALLOCATION POLICY .—Section 
24905(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘A
C-
CESS COSTS’’ and inserting ‘‘A LLOCATION OF  
COSTS’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading by striking 
‘‘
FORMULA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ POLICY ’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
by striking ‘‘Within 2 years after the date of en-actment of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘for-
mula’’ and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(D) by striking subparagraphs (B) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) develop a proposed timetable for imple-
menting the policy; 
‘‘(C) submit the policy and the timetable de-
veloped under subparagraph (B) to the Surface Transportation Board, the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(D) not later than October 1, 2015, adopt and 
implement the policy in accordance with the timetable; and 
‘‘(E) with the consent of a majority of its 
members, petition the Surface Transportation Board to appoint a mediator to assist the Com-mission members through nonbinding mediation to reach an agreement under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘formula proposed in’’ and in-
serting ‘‘policy developed under’’; and 
(B) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘the timetable, the Commission 
shall petition the Surface Transportation Board to’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(D) or fail to comply with the policy thereafter, the Surface Transportation Board shall’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘amounts for such services in 
accordance with section 24904(c) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘for such usage in accordance with the procedures and procedural schedule applicable to a proceeding under section 24903(c), after taking into consideration the pol-icy developed under paragraph (1)(A), as appli-cable’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘formula’’ 
and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If a 
dispute arises with the implementation of, or compliance with, the policy developed under paragraph (1), the Commission, Amtrak, or pub-lic authorities providing commuter rail pas-senger transportation on the Northeast Corridor may request that the Surface Transportation Board conduct dispute resolution. The Surface Transportation Board shall establish procedures for resolution of disputes brought before it under this paragraph, which may include the provision of professional mediation services.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) T ITLE 49 .—Section 24905 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ INFRA -
STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS ADVISORY ’’; 
(B) in subsection (a)— (i) in the heading by striking ‘‘I
NFRASTRUC -
TURE AND OPERATIONS ADVISORY ’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Infrastructure and Oper-
ations Advisory’’; 
(C) by striking subsection (d); (D) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(E) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘to the Commission’’ and in-
serting ‘‘to the Secretary for the use of the Com-mission and the Northeast Corridor Safety Com-mittee’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘for the period encompassing 
fiscal years 2009 through 2013 to carry out this section’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this section during fiscal years 2016 through 2020, in addi-tion to any amounts withheld under section 11101(g) of the Passenger Rail Reform and In-vestment Act of 2015’’; and 
(F) in subsection (e)(2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘on the main line.’’ and inserting ‘‘on the main line and meet annually with the Com-mission on the topic of Northeast Corridor safe-ty and security.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for chapter 249 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 24905 and inserting the following: 
‘‘24905. Northeast Corridor Commission.’’. 
SEC. 11306. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR PLANNING. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 249 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 24904 as section 
24903; and 
(2) by inserting after section 24903, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘§ 24904. Northeast Corridor planning 
‘‘(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR CAPITAL INVEST -
MENT PLAN.— ‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than May 1 of 
each year, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 (referred to in this section as the ‘Commission’) shall— 
‘‘(A) develop a capital investment plan for the 
Northeast Corridor; and 
‘‘(B) submit the capital investment plan to the 
Secretary of Transportation and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The capital investment plan 
shall— 
‘‘(A) reflect coordination and network optimi-
zation across the entire Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(B) integrate the individual capital and serv-
ice plans developed by each operator using the methods described in the cost allocation policy developed under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) cover a period of 5 fiscal years, beginning 
with the first fiscal year after the date on which the plan is completed; 
‘‘(D) notwithstanding section 24902(b), iden-
tify, prioritize, and phase the implementation of projects and programs to achieve the service outcomes identified in the Northeast Corridor service development plan and the asset condi-tion needs identified in the Northeast Corridor asset management plans, once available, and consider— 
‘‘(i) the benefits and costs of capital invest-
ments in the plan; 
‘‘(ii) project and program readiness; ‘‘(iii) the operational impacts; and ‘‘(iv) Federal and non-Federal funding avail-
ability; 
‘‘(E) categorize capital projects and programs 
as primarily associated with— 
‘‘(i) normalized capital replacement and basic 
infrastructure renewals; 
‘‘(ii) replacement or rehabilitation of major 
Northeast Corridor infrastructure assets, includ-ing tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets; 
‘‘(iii) statutory, regulatory, or other legal 
mandates; 
‘‘(iv) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; or 
‘‘(v) strategic initiatives that will improve 
overall operational performance or lower costs; 
‘‘(F) identify capital projects and programs 
that are associated with more than 1 category described in subparagraph (E); 
‘‘(G) describe the anticipated outcomes of each 
project or program, including an assessment of— 
‘‘(i) the potential effect on passenger accessi-
bility, operations, safety, reliability, and resil-iency; 
‘‘(ii) the ability of infrastructure owners and 
operators to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
‘‘(iii) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(H) include a financial plan. ‘‘(3) F
INANCIAL PLAN .—The financial plan 
under paragraph (2)(H) shall— 
‘‘(A) identify funding sources and financing 
methods; 
‘‘(B) identify the expected allocated shares of 
costs pursuant to the cost allocation policy de-veloped under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) identify the projects and programs that 
the Commission expects will receive Federal fi-nancial assistance; and 
‘‘(D) identify the eligible entity or entities 
that the Commission expects will receive the Federal financial assistance described under subparagraph (C) and implement each capital project. 
‘‘(b) F
AILURE TODEVELOP A CAPITAL INVEST -
MENT PLAN.—If a capital investment plan has 
not been developed by the Commission for a given fiscal year, then the funds assigned to the Northeast Corridor account established under section 24317(b) for that fiscal year may be spent only on— 
‘‘(1) capital projects described in clause (i) or 
(iii) of subsection (a)(2)(E) of this section; or 
‘‘(2) capital projects described in subsection 
(a)(2)(E)(iv) or (v) of this section that are for the sole benefit of Amtrak. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8769 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(c) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ASSET MANAGE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—With regard to its infrastruc-
ture, Amtrak and each State and public trans-portation entity that owns infrastructure that supports or provides for intercity rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor shall develop an asset management system and de-velop and update, as necessary, a Northeast Corridor asset management plan for each service territory described in subsection (a) that— 
‘‘(A) is consistent with the Federal Transit 
Administration process, as authorized under section 5326, when implemented; and 
‘‘(B) includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) an inventory of all capital assets owned 
by the developer of the asset management plan; 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of asset condition; ‘‘(iii) a description of the resources and proc-
esses necessary to bring or maintain those assets in a state of good repair, including decision-sup-port tools and investment prioritization meth-ods; and 
‘‘(iv) a description of changes in asset condi-
tion since the previous version of the plan. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Each entity described in 
paragraph (1) shall transmit to the Commis-sion— 
‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and In-vestment Act of 2015, a Northeast Corridor asset management plan developed under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) at least biennially thereafter, an update 
to such plan. 
‘‘(d) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SERVICE DEVELOP -
MENT PLANUPDATES .—Not less frequently than 
once every 10 years, the Commission shall up-date the Northeast Corridor service development plan. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITION OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR .— 
In this section, the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the main line between Boston, Massachu-setts, and the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massa-chusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, in-cluding the facilities and services used to oper-ate and maintain those lines.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) N OTE AND MORTGAGE .—Section 24907(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 24904 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24903’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for chapter 249 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating the item relating to sec-
tion 24904 as relating to section 24903; and 
(B) by inserting after the item relating to sec-
tion 24903, as so redesignated, the following: 
‘‘24904. Northeast Corridor planning.’’. 
(3) R
EPEAL .—Section 211 of the Passenger Rail 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24902 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 11307. COMPETITION. 
(a) C OMPETITIVE PASSENGER RAILSERVICE  
PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 24711 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 24711. Competitive passenger rail service 
pilot program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate a rule to implement a pilot program for competi-tive selection of eligible petitioners described in subsection (b)(3) in lieu of Amtrak to operate not more than 3 long-distance routes (as defined in section 24102) operated by Amtrak on the date of enactment of such Act. 
‘‘(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The pilot program shall— 
‘‘(A) allow a petitioner described in paragraph 
(3) to petition the Secretary to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over a long-dis-tance route described in subsection (a) for an 
operation period of 4 years from the date of com-mencement of service by the winning bidder and, at the option of the Secretary, consistent with the rule promulgated under subsection (a), allow the contract to be renewed for 1 addi-tional operation period of 4 years; 
‘‘(B) require the Secretary to— ‘‘(i) notify the petitioner and Amtrak of re-
ceipt of the petition under subparagraph (A) and to publish in the Federal Register a notice of receipt not later than 30 days after the date of receipt; 
‘‘(ii) establish a deadline, of not more than 120 
days after the notice of receipt is published in the Federal Register under clause (i), by which both the petitioner and Amtrak, if Amtrak chooses to do so, would be required to submit a complete bid to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over the applicable route; and 
‘‘(iii) upon selecting a winning bid, publish in 
the Federal Register the identity of the winning bidder, the long distance route that the bidder will operate, a detailed justification of the rea-sons why the Secretary selected the bid, and any other information the Secretary determines appropriate for public comment for a reasonable period of time not to exceed 30 days after the date on which the Secretary selects the bid; 
‘‘(C) require that each bid— ‘‘(i) describe the capital needs, financial pro-
jections, and operational plans, including staff-ing plans, for the service, and such other factors as the Secretary considers appropriate; and 
‘‘(ii) be made available by the winning bidder 
to the public after the bid award with any ap-propriate redactions for confidential or propri-etary information; 
‘‘(D) for a route that receives funding from a 
State or States, require that for each bid re-ceived from a petitioner described in paragraph (3), other than such State or States, the Sec-retary have the concurrence of the State or States that provide funding for that route; and 
‘‘(E) for a winning bidder that is not or does 
not include Amtrak, require the Secretary to execute a contract not later than 270 days after the deadline established under subparagraph (B)(ii) and award to the winning bidder— 
‘‘(i) subject to paragraphs (4) and (5), the 
right and obligation to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over that route subject to such performance standards as the Secretary may require; and 
‘‘(ii) an operating subsidy, as determined by 
the Secretary, for— 
‘‘(I) the first year at a level that does not ex-
ceed 90 percent of the level in effect for that spe-cific route during the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in which the petition was received, adjusted for inflation; and 
‘‘(II) any subsequent years at the level cal-
culated under subclause (I), adjusted for infla-tion. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1)(E), including the amounts of op-erating subsidies in the first and any subsequent years under paragraph (1)(E)(ii), shall not apply to a winning bidder that is or includes Amtrak. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PETITIONERS .—The following 
parties are eligible to submit petitions under paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) A rail carrier or rail carriers that own 
the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route, or another rail carrier that has a written agreement with a rail carrier or rail carriers that own such infrastructure. 
‘‘(B) A State, group of States, or State-sup-
ported joint powers authority or other sub-State governance entity responsible for provision of intercity rail passenger transportation with a written agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(C) A State, group of States, or State-sup-
ported joint powers authority or other sub-State governance entity responsible for provision of 
intercity rail passenger transportation and a rail carrier with a written agreement with an-other rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(4) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—The perform-
ance standards required under paragraph (1)(E)(i) shall meet or exceed the performance required of or achieved by Amtrak on the appli-cable route during the last fiscal year. 
‘‘(5) A
GREEMENT GOVERNING ACCESS ISSUES .— 
Unless the winning bidder already has applica-ble access rights or agreements in place or in-cludes a rail carrier that owns the infrastruc-ture used in the operation of the route, a win-ning bidder that is not or does not include Am-trak shall enter into a written agreement gov-erning access issues between the winning bidder and the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which the winning bidder would operate and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(c) A
CCESS TO FACILITIES ; EMPLOYEES .—If 
the Secretary awards the right and obligation to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over a route described in this section to an eligi-ble petitioner— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary shall, if necessary to carry 
out the purposes of this section, require Amtrak to provide access to the Amtrak-owned reserva-tion system, stations, and facilities directly re-lated to operations of the awarded routes to the eligible petitioner awarded a contract under this section, in accordance with subsection (g); 
‘‘(2) an employee of any person, except as pro-
vided in a collective bargaining agreement, used by such eligible petitioner in the operation of a route under this section shall be considered an employee of that eligible petitioner and subject to the applicable Federal laws and regulations governing similar crafts or classes of employees of Amtrak; and 
‘‘(3) the winning bidder shall provide hiring 
preference to qualified Amtrak employees dis-placed by the award of the bid, consistent with the staffing plan submitted by the bidder, and shall be subject to the grant conditions under section 24405. 
‘‘(d) C
ESSATION OF SERVICE .—If an eligible pe-
titioner awarded a route under this section ceases to operate the service or fails to fulfill an obligation under a contract required under sub-section (b)(1)(E), the Secretary, in collaboration with the Surface Transportation Board, shall take any necessary action consistent with this title to enforce the contract and ensure the con-tinued provision of service, including— 
‘‘(1) the installment of an interim rail carrier; 
‘‘(2) providing to the interim rail carrier under 
paragraph (1) an operating subsidy necessary to provide service; and 
‘‘(3) rebidding the contract to operate the 
intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(e) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide 
to a winning bidder that is not or does not in-clude Amtrak and that is selected under this section any appropriations withheld under sec-tion 11101(e) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any subsequent ap-propriation for the same purpose, necessary to cover the operating subsidy described in sub-section (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(2) A
TTRIBUTABLE COSTS .—If the Secretary 
selects a winning bidder that is not or does not include Amtrak, the Secretary shall provide to Amtrak an appropriate portion of the appro-priations under section 11101(b) of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any subsequent appropriation for the same purpose, to cover any cost directly attributable to the ter-mination of Amtrak service on the route and any indirect costs to Amtrak imposed on other Amtrak routes as a result of losing service on the route operated by the winning bidder. Any amount provided by the Secretary to Amtrak 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8770 December 1, 2015 
under this paragraph shall not be deducted from 
or have any effect on the operating subsidy de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTING .—If the Secretary does not 
promulgate the final rule before the deadline under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, not later than 19 months after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 and every 90 days thereafter until the rule is complete, notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives in writing— 
‘‘(1) the reasons why the rule has not been 
issued; 
‘‘(2) a plan for completing the rule as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and 
‘‘(3) the estimated date of completion of the 
rule. 
‘‘(g) D
ISPUTES .— 
‘‘(1) P ETITIONING SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
BOARD .—If Amtrak and the eligible petitioner 
awarded a route under this section cannot agree upon terms to carry out subsection (c)(1), either party may petition the Surface Transportation Board for a determination as to— 
‘‘(A) whether access to Amtrak’s facility or 
equipment, or the provisions of services by Am-trak, is necessary under subsection (c)(1); and 
‘‘(B) whether the operation of Amtrak’s other 
services will not be unreasonably impaired by such access. 
‘‘(2) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD DETER -
MINATION .—If the Surface Transportation Board 
determines access to Amtrak’s facilities or equip-ment, or the provision of services by Amtrak, is necessary under paragraph (1)(A) and the oper-ation of Amtrak’s other services will not be un-reasonably impaired under paragraph (1)(B), the Board shall issue an order that— 
‘‘(A) requires Amtrak to provide the applicable 
facilities, equipment, and services; and 
‘‘(B) determines reasonable compensation, li-
ability, and other terms for the use of the facili-ties and equipment and the provision of the services. 
‘‘(h) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 3 long-dis-
tance routes may be selected under this section for operation by a winning bidder that is not or does not include Amtrak. 
‘‘(i) P
RESERVATION OF RIGHT TO COMPETITION  
ONSTATE-SUPPORTED ROUTES .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as prohibiting a State from introducing competition for intercity rail passenger transportation or services on its State-supported route or routes. 
‘‘(j) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall affect Amtrak’s access rights to railroad rights-of-way and facilities.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for section 24711 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘24711. Competitive passenger rail service pilot 
program.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of implementation of the pilot program under section 24711 of title 49, United States Code, and quadrennially thereafter until the pilot program is discontinued, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on the results of the pilot program to date and any recommendations for further action. 
SEC. 11308. PERFORMANCE-BASED PROPOSALS. 
(a) S OLICITATION OF PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for projects for the financing, design, construction, oper-ation, and maintenance of a high-speed pas-senger rail system operating within a high-speed rail corridor, including— 
(A) the Northeast Corridor; (B) the California Corridor; (C) the Empire Corridor; 
(D) the Pacific Northwest Corridor; (E) the South Central Corridor; (F) the Gulf Coast Corridor; (G) the Chicago Hub Network; (H) the Florida Corridor; (I) the Keystone Corridor; (J) the Northern New England Corridor; and (K) the Southeast Corridor. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Proposals shall be submitted 
to the Secretary not later than 180 days after the publication of the request for proposals under paragraph (1). 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARD .—Proposals sub-
mitted under paragraph (2) shall meet any standards established by the Secretary. For cor-ridors with existing intercity passenger rail serv-ice, proposals shall also be designed to achieve a reduction of existing minimum intercity rail service trip times between the main corridor city pairs by a minimum of 25 percent. In the case of a proposal submitted with respect to paragraph (1)(A), the proposal shall be designed to achieve a 2-hour or less express service between Wash-ington, District of Columbia, and New York City, New York. 
(4) C
ONTENTS .—A proposal submitted under 
this subsection shall include— 
(A) the names and qualifications of the per-
sons submitting the proposal and the entities proposed to finance, design, construct, operate, and maintain the railroad, railroad equipment, and related facilities, stations, and infrastruc-ture; 
(B) a detailed description of the proposed rail 
service, including possible routes, required in-frastructure investments and improvements, equipment needs and type, train frequencies, peak and average operating speeds, and trip times; 
(C) a description of how the project would 
comply with all applicable Federal rail safety and security laws, orders, and regulations; 
(D) the locations of proposed stations, which 
maximize the usage of existing infrastructure to the extent possible, and the populations such stations are intended to serve; 
(E) the type of equipment to be used, includ-
ing any technologies, to achieve trip time goals; 
(F) a description of any proposed legislation 
needed to facilitate all aspects of the project; 
(G) a financing plan identifying— (i) projected revenue, and sources thereof; (ii) the amount of any requested public con-
tribution toward the project, and proposed sources; 
(iii) projected annual ridership projections for 
the first 10 years of operations; 
(iv) annual operations and capital costs; (v) the projected levels of capital investments 
required both initially and in subsequent years to maintain a state-of-good-repair necessary to provide the initially proposed level of service or higher levels of service; 
(vi) projected levels of private investment and 
sources thereof, including the identity of any person or entity that has made or is expected to make a commitment to provide or secure funding and the amount of such commitment; and 
(vii) projected funding for the full fair market 
compensation for any asset, property right or interest, or service acquired from, owned, or held by a private person or Federal entity that would be acquired, impaired, or diminished in value as a result of a project, except as other-wise agreed to by the private person or entity; 
(H) a description of how the project would 
contribute to the development of a national high-speed passenger rail system and an inter-modal plan describing how the system will fa-cilitate convenient travel connections with other transportation services; 
(I) a description of how the project will ensure 
compliance with Federal laws governing the rights and status of employees associated with the route and service, including those specified in section 24405 of title 49, United States Code; 
(J) a description of how the design, construc-
tion, implementation, and operation of the project will accommodate and allow for future 
growth of existing and projected intercity, com-muter, and freight rail service; 
(K) a description of how the project would 
comply with Federal and State environmental laws and regulations, of what environmental impacts would result from the project, and of how any adverse impacts would be mitigated; and 
(L) a description of the project’s impacts on 
highway and aviation congestion, energy con-sumption, land use, and economic development in the service area. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION AND ESTABLISHMENT OF  
COMMISSIONS .—Not later than 90 days after re-
ceipt of the proposals under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) make a determination as to whether any 
such proposals— 
(A) contain the information required under 
paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (a); 
(B) are sufficiently credible to warrant further 
consideration; 
(C) are likely to result in a positive impact on 
the Nation’s transportation system; and 
(D) are cost-effective and in the public inter-
est; 
(2) establish a commission for each corridor 
with 1 or more proposals that the Secretary de-termines satisfy the requirements of paragraph (1); and 
(3) forward to each commission established 
under paragraph (2) the applicable proposals for review and consideration. 
(c) C
OMMISSIONS .— 
(1) M EMBERS .—Each commission established 
under subsection (b)(2) shall include— 
(A) the Governors of the affected States, or 
their respective designees; 
(B) mayors of appropriate municipalities with 
stops along the proposed corridor, or their re-spective designees; 
(C) a representative from each freight railroad 
carrier using the relevant corridor, if applicable; 
(D) a representative from each transit author-
ity using the relevant corridor, if applicable; 
(E) representatives of nonprofit employee 
labor organizations representing affected rail-road employees; and 
(F) the President of Amtrak or his or her des-
ignee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT AND SELECTION .—The Sec-
retary shall appoint the members under para-graph (1). In selecting each commission’s mem-bers to fulfill the requirements under subpara-graphs (B) and (E) of paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall consult with the Chairperson and Ranking Member of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE -CHAIRPERSON SE -
LECTION .—The Chairperson and Vice-Chair-
person shall be elected from among members of each commission. 
(4) Q
UORUM AND VACANCY .— 
(A) Q UORUM .—A majority of the members of 
each commission shall constitute a quorum. 
(B) V ACANCY .—Any vacancy in each commis-
sion shall not affect its powers and shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. 
(d) C
OMMISSION CONSIDERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each commission established 
under subsection (b)(2) shall be responsible for reviewing the proposal or proposals forwarded to it under that subsection and, not later than 90 days after the establishment of the commis-sion, shall transmit to the Secretary a report, in-cluding— 
(A) a summary of each proposal received; (B) services to be provided under each pro-
posal, including projected ridership, revenues, and costs; 
(C) proposed public and private contributions 
for each proposal; 
(D) the advantages offered by the proposal 
over existing intercity passenger rail services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8771 December 1, 2015 
(E) public operating subsidies or assets needed 
for the proposed project; 
(F) possible risks to the public associated with 
the proposal, including risks associated with project financing, implementation, completion, safety, and security; 
(G) a ranked list of the proposals rec-
ommended for further consideration under sub-section (e) in accordance with each proposal’s projected positive impact on the Nation’s trans-portation system; 
(H) an identification of any proposed Federal 
legislation that would facilitate implementation of the projects and Federal legislation that would be required to implement the projects; and 
(I) any other recommendations by the commis-
sion concerning the proposed projects. 
(2) V
ERBAL PRESENTATION .—Proposers shall be 
given an opportunity to make a verbal presen-tation to the commission to explain their pro-posals. 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of each commission estab-lished under subsection (b)(2) such sums as are necessary to carry out this section. 
(e) S
ELECTION BY SECRETARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
receiving the recommended proposals of the com-missions established under subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
(A) review such proposals and select any pro-
posal that provides substantial benefits to the public and the national transportation system, is cost-effective, offers significant advantages over existing services, and meets other relevant factors determined appropriate by the Secretary; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port containing any proposal with respect to subsection (a)(1)(A) that is selected by the Sec-retary under subparagraph (A) of this para-graph, all the information regarding the pro-posal provided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers relevant. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT REPORT .—Following the sub-
mission of the report under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report containing any proposal with re-spect to subparagraphs (B) through (K) of sub-section (a)(1) that are selected by the Secretary under paragraph (1) of this subsection, all the information regarding the proposal provided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers rel-evant. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON REPORT SUBMISSION .—The 
report required under paragraph (2) shall not be submitted by the Secretary until the report sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(B) has been consid-ered through a hearing by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives on the report submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(f) N
OACTIONS WITHOUT ADDITIONAL AU-
THORITY .—No Federal agency may take any ac-
tion to implement, establish, facilitate, or other-wise act upon any proposal submitted under this section, other than those actions specifi-cally authorized by this section, without explicit statutory authority enacted after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(g) A
DEQUATE RESOURCES .—Before taking any 
action authorized under this section the Sec-retary shall certify to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that the Secretary has sufficient resources that are adequate to undertake the program estab-
lished under this section. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) I NTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL .—The term 
‘‘intercity passenger rail’’ has the meaning given the term in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of 
the 50 States or the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 11309. LARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
Section 24402 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(j) L
ARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a grant awarded under 
this chapter for an amount in excess of $1,000,000,000, the following conditions shall apply: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary may not obligate any 
funding unless the applicant demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that the appli-cant has committed, and will be able to fulfill, the non-Federal share required for the grant within the applicant’s proposed project comple-tion timetable. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary may not obligate any 
funding for work activities that occur after the completion of final design unless— 
‘‘(i) the applicant submits a financial plan to 
the Secretary that generally identifies the sources of the non-Federal funding required for any subsequent segments or phases of the cor-ridor service development program covering the project for which the grant is awarded; 
‘‘(ii) the grant will result in a useable seg-
ment, a transportation facility, or equipment, that has operational independence; and 
‘‘(iii) the intercity passenger rail benefits an-
ticipated to result from the grant, such as in-creased speed, improved on-time performance, reduced trip time, increased frequencies, new service, safety improvements, improved accessi-bility, or other significant enhancements, are detailed by the grantee and approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C)(i) The Secretary shall ensure that the 
project is maintained to the level of utility that is necessary to support the benefits approved under subparagraph (B)(iii) for a period of 20 years from the date on which the useable seg-ment, transportation facility, or equipment de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii) is placed in serv-ice. 
‘‘(ii) If the project property is not maintained 
as required under clause (i) for a 12-month pe-riod, the grant recipient shall refund a pro-rata share of the Federal contribution, based upon the percentage remaining of the 20-year period that commenced when the project property was placed in service. 
‘‘(2) E
ARLY WORK .—The Secretary may allow 
a grantee subject to this subsection to engage in at-risk work activities subsequent to the conclu-sion of final design if the Secretary determines that such work activities are reasonable and necessary.’’. 
SEC. 11310. SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION 
STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a na-
tionwide disparity and availability study on the availability and use of small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals and veteran- owned small businesses in publicly funded inter-city rail passenger transportation projects. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report containing the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term 
‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 632), except that the term does not in-clude any concern or group of concerns con-trolled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted annually by the Secretary for infla-tion. 
(2) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘socially and eco-
nomically disadvantaged individual’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and rel-evant subcontracting regulations issued pursu-ant to such Act, except that women shall be pre-sumed to be socially and economically disadvan-taged individuals for purposes of this section. 
(3) V
ETERAN -OWNED SMALL BUSINESS .—The 
term ‘‘veteran-owned small business’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’’ in section 3(q)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(3)), except that the term does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same veterans that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted annually by the Secretary for inflation. 
SEC. 11311. SHARED-USE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with Amtrak, commuter rail pas-senger transportation authorities, other railroad carriers, railroad carriers that own rail infra-structure over which both passenger and freight trains operate, States, the Surface Transpor-tation Board, the Northeast Corridor Commis-sion established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code, the State-Supported Route Committee established under section 24712 of such title, and groups representing rail pas-sengers and customers, as appropriate, shall complete a study that evaluates— 
(1) the shared use of right-of-way by pas-
senger and freight rail systems; and 
(2) the operational, institutional, and legal 
structures that would best support improvements to the systems referred to in paragraph (1). 
(b) A
REAS OF STUDY .—In conducting the 
study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— 
(1) the access and use of railroad right-of-way 
by a rail carrier that does not own the right-of- way, such as passenger rail services that oper-ate over privately-owned right-of-way, includ-ing an analysis of— 
(A) access agreements; (B) costs of access; and (C) the resolution of disputes relating to such 
access or costs; 
(2) the effectiveness of existing contractual, 
statutory, and regulatory mechanisms for estab-lishing, measuring, and enforcing train perform-ance standards, including— 
(A) the manner in which passenger train 
delays are recorded; 
(B) the assignment of responsibility for such 
delays; and 
(C) the use of incentives and penalties for per-
formance; 
(3) the strengths and weaknesses of the exist-
ing mechanisms described in paragraph (2) and possible approaches to address the weaknesses; 
(4) mechanisms for measuring and maintain-
ing public benefits resulting from publicly fund-ed freight or passenger rail improvements, in-cluding improvements directed towards shared- use right-of-way by passenger and freight rail; 
(5) approaches to operations, capacity, and 
cost estimation modeling that— 
(A) allow for transparent decisionmaking; and (B) protect the proprietary interests of all par-
ties; 
(6) liability requirements and arrangements, 
including— 
(A) whether to expand statutory liability lim-
its to additional parties; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8772 December 1, 2015 
(B) whether to revise the current statutory li-
ability limits; 
(C) whether current insurance levels of pas-
senger rail operators are adequate and whether to establish minimum insurance requirements for such passenger rail operators; and 
(D) whether to establish alternative insurance 
models, including other models administered by the Federal Government; 
(7) the effect on rail passenger services, oper-
ations, liability limits, and insurance levels of the assertion of sovereign immunity by a State; and 
(8) other issues identified by the Secretary. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the 
study under subsection (a) is complete, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(1) the results of the study; and (2) any recommendations for further action, 
including any legislative proposals consistent with such recommendations. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall in-
tegrate, as appropriate, the recommendations submitted under subsection (c) into the financial assistance programs under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, and section 502 of the Rail-road Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822). 
SEC. 11312. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR THROUGH- 
TICKETING AND PROCUREMENT EF-FICIENCIES. 
(a) T HROUGH -TICKETING STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905(a) of title 49, United States Code (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’), in con-sultation with Amtrak and the commuter rail passenger transportation providers along the Northeast Corridor, shall complete a study on the feasibility of and options for permitting through-ticketing between Amtrak service and commuter rail services on the Northeast Cor-ridor. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study under 
paragraph (1), the Northeast Corridor Commis-sion shall— 
(A) examine the current state of intercity and 
commuter rail ticketing technologies, policies, and other relevant aspects on the Northeast Corridor; 
(B) consider and recommend technology, proc-
ess, policy, or other options that would permit through-ticketing to allow intercity and com-muter rail passengers to purchase, in a single transaction, travel that utilizes Amtrak and connecting commuter rail services; 
(C) consider options to expand through- 
ticketing to include local transit services; 
(D) summarize costs, benefits, opportunities, 
and impediments to developing such through- ticketing options; and 
(E) develop a proposed methodology, includ-
ing cost and schedule estimates, for carrying out a pilot program on through-ticketing on the Northeast Corridor. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date the study under paragraph (1) is complete, the Commission shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further action. (4) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after re-
ceipt of the report under paragraph (3), the Sec-retary shall review the report and recommend best practices in developing through ticketing for other areas outside of the Northeast Cor-ridor. The Secretary shall transmit the best practices to the State-Supported Route Com-mittee established under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code. (b) J
OINT PROCUREMENT STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Commission, Amtrak, and commuter rail transportation authorities on the Northeast Corridor, shall complete a study of the potential benefits resulting from Amtrak and such authorities undertaking select joint procurements for common materials, assets, and equipment when expending Federal funds for such joint procurements. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— 
(A) the types of materials, assets, and equip-
ment that are regularly purchased by Amtrak and such authorities that are similar and could be jointly procured; 
(B) the potential benefits of such joint pro-
curements, including lower procurement costs, better pricing, greater market relevancy, and other efficiencies; 
(C) the potential costs of such joint procure-
ments; 
(D) any significant impediments to under-
taking joint procurements, including any nec-essary harmonization and reconciliation of Fed-eral and State procurement or safety regulations or standards and other requirements; and 
(E) whether to create Federal incentives or re-
quirements relating to considering or carrying out joint procurements when expending Federal funds. 
(3) T
RANSMISSION .—Not later than 60 days 
after completing the study required under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further action. (c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘Northeast Corridor’’ means the North-east Corridor main line between Boston, Massa-chusetts, and the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massa-chusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, in-cluding the facilities and services used to oper-ate and maintain those lines. 
SEC. 11313. DATA AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) D ATA.—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Surface Transportation Board, Amtrak, freight railroads, State and local governments, and regional business, tour-ism, and economic development agencies shall conduct a data needs assessment to— 
(1) support the development of an efficient 
and effective intercity passenger rail network; 
(2) identify the data needed to conduct cost- 
effective modeling and analysis for intercity passenger rail development programs; 
(3) determine limitations to the data used for 
inputs; 
(4) develop a strategy to address such limita-
tions; 
(5) identify barriers to accessing existing data; (6) develop recommendations regarding wheth-
er the authorization of additional data collec-tion for intercity passenger rail travel is war-ranted; and 
(7) determine which entities should be respon-
sible for generating or collecting needed data. 
(b) B
ENEFIT -COSTANALYSIS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enhance the usefulness of assessments of benefits and costs for intercity passenger rail and freight rail projects by— 
(1) providing ongoing guidance and training 
on developing benefit and cost information for rail projects; 
(2) providing more direct and consistent re-
quirements for assessing benefits and costs across transportation funding programs, includ-ing the appropriate use of discount rates; 
(3) requiring applicants to clearly commu-
nicate the methodology used to calculate the project benefits and costs, including non-propri-
etary information on— 
(A) assumptions underlying calculations; (B) strengths and limitations of data used; 
and 
(C) the level of uncertainty in estimates of 
project benefits and costs; and 
(4) ensuring that applicants receive clear and 
consistent guidance on values to apply for key 
assumptions used to estimate potential project benefits and costs. 
(c) C
ONFIDENTIAL DATA.—The Secretary shall 
protect all sensitive and confidential informa-tion to the greatest extent permitted by law. Nothing in this section shall require any entity to provide information to the Secretary in the absence of a voluntary agreement. 
SEC. 11314. AMTRAK INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall have the authority available to other Inspectors General, as necessary in car-rying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), to inves-tigate any alleged violation of sections 286, 287, 371, 641, 1001, 1002 and 1516 of title 18, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY .—For purposes of sections 286, 287, 
371, 641, 1001, 1002, and 1516 of title 18, United States Code, Amtrak and the Amtrak Office of Inspector General, shall be considered a cor-poration in which the United States has a pro-prietary interest as set forth in section 6 of such title. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall— 
(1) not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, initiate an assessment to de-termine whether current expenditures or pro-curements involving Amtrak’s fulfillment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) utilize competitive, market- driven provisions that are applicable throughout the entire term of such related expenditures or procurements; and 
(2) not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives the assessment under paragraph (1). 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The authority provided by 
subsection (a) shall be effective only with re-spect to a fiscal year for which Amtrak receives a Federal subsidy. 
SEC. 11315. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ITLE49 A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Section 22702(b)(4) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘5 years for reapproval by the Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘4 years for acceptance by the Sec-retary’’. 
(2) C
ONTENTS OF STATE RAIL PLANS .—Section 
22705(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (12). 
(b) P
ASSENGER RAILINVESTMENT AND IM-
PROVEMENT ACTAMENDMENTS .—Section 305 of 
the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by inserting after ‘‘equip-
ment manufacturers,’’ the following: ‘‘nonprofit organizations representing employees who per-form overhaul and maintenance of passenger railroad equipment,’’; 
(2) in subsection (c) by striking ‘‘, and may es-
tablish a corporation, which may be owned or jointly-owned by Amtrak, participating States, or other entities, to perform these functions’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e) by striking ‘‘and estab-
lishing a jointly-owned corporation to manage that equipment’’. 
(c) C
ERTAIN PROJECTS .—A project described in 
1307(a)(3) of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59) may be eligible for the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing program if the Sec-retary determines such project meets the require-ments of sections 502 and 503 of the Railroad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8773 December 1, 2015 
Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 
1976. 
(d) C LARIFICATION .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Section 20157(g) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) C
LARIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) P ROHIBITIONS .—The Secretary is prohib-
ited from— 
‘‘(i) approving or disapproving a revised plan 
submitted under subsection (a)(1); 
‘‘(ii) considering a revised plan under sub-
section (a)(1) as a request for amendment under section 236.1021 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations; or 
‘‘(iii) requiring the submission, as part of the 
revised plan under subsection (a)(1), of— 
‘‘(I) only a schedule and sequence under sub-
section (a)(2)(A)(iii)(VII); or 
‘‘(II) both a schedule and sequence under sub-
section (a)(2)(A)(iii)(VII) and an alternative schedule and sequence under subsection (a)(2)(B). 
‘‘(B) C
IVIL PENALTY AUTHORITY .—Except as 
provided in paragraph (2) and this paragraph, nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the Secretary’s authority to assess civil penalties pursuant to subsection (e), consistent with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(C) R
ETAINED REVIEW AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary retains the authority to review revised plans submitted under subsection (a)(1) and is authorized to require modifications of those plans to the extent necessary to ensure that such plans include the descriptions under sub-section (a)(2)(A)(i), the contents under sub-section (a)(2)(A)(ii), and the year or years, to-tals, and summary under subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(I) through (VI).’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
20157(g)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘by paragraph (2) and sub-section (k)’’ and inserting ‘‘to conform with this section’’. 
SEC. 11316. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO FAMILIES OF PASSENGERS  
INVOLVED IN RAILPASSENGER ACCIDENTS .—Sec-
tion 1139 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘phone 
number’’ and inserting ‘‘telephone number’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘post trau-
ma communication with families’’ and inserting ‘‘post-trauma communication with families’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘railroad pas-
senger accident’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘rail passenger accident’’. 
(b) S
OLID WASTE RAILTRANSFER FACILITY  
LAND-USEEXEMPTION .—Section 10909 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Clean Railroad Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘Clean Railroads Act of 2008’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Upon the 
granting of petition from the State’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Upon the granting of a petition from the State’’. 
(c) R
ULEMAKING PROCESS .—Section 20116 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(2)’’ before ‘‘the code, rule, 
standard, requirement, or practice has been sub-ject to notice and comment under a rule or order issued under this part.’’ and indenting accord-ingly; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘unless’’ and in-
denting accordingly; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘order, or’’ and inserting ‘‘order; or’’; and 
(4) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), as 
redesignated, by striking ‘‘unless’’ and inserting ‘‘unless—’’. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT REPORT .—Section 20120(a) 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘accident 
and incidence reporting’’ and inserting ‘‘acci-dent and incident reporting’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)(G), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(4) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘Adminis-
trative Hearing Officer or Administrative Law Judge’’ and inserting ‘‘administrative hearing officer or administrative law judge’’. 
(e) R
AILROAD SAFETY RISKREDUCTION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 20156 of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by inserting a comma 
after ‘‘In developing its railroad safety risk re-duction program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) by inserting a comma after ‘‘good faith’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘non-profit’’ and inserting 
‘‘nonprofit’’. 
(f) R
OADWAY USERSIGHT DISTANCE AT HIGH-
WAY-RAILGRADE CROSSINGS .—Section 20159 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary of Transportation’’. 
(g) N
ATIONAL CROSSING INVENTORY .—Section 
20160 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘con-
cerning each previously unreported crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’ and inserting ‘‘concerning each previously unreported cross-ing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘con-
cerning each crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it op-erates’’ and inserting ‘‘concerning each crossing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’. 
(h) M
INIMUM TRAINING STANDARDS AND  
PLANS.—Section 20162(a)(3) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘railroad compliance with Federal standards’’ and insert-ing ‘‘railroad carrier compliance with Federal standards’’. 
(i) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF RAILSAFETY  
TECHNOLOGY .—Section 20164(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘after enactment of the Railroad Safety En-hancement Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008’’. 
(j) R
AILSAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2008.— 
(1) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—Section 1(b) of divi-
sion A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4848) is amended— 
(A) in the item relating to section 307 by strik-
ing ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; 
(B) in the item relating to title VI by striking 
‘‘solid waste facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facilities’’; and 
(C) in the item relating to section 602 by strik-
ing ‘‘solid waste transfer facilities’’ and insert-ing ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facilities’’. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2(a)(1) of division A 
of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4849) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting a comma after ‘‘at grade’’. 
(3) R
AILROAD SAFETY STRATEGY .—Section 
102(a)(6) of title I of division A of the Rail Safe-ty Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Improving the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fatalities caused by catastrophic failures and other bridge and tunnel failures.’’ and inserting ‘‘Improving the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fa-talities caused by catastrophic and other fail-ures of such infrastructure.’’. 
(4) O
PERATION LIFESAVER .—Section 206(a) of 
title II of division A of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Public Service Announcements’’ 
and inserting ‘‘public service announcements’’. 
(5) U
PDATE OF FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINIS -
TRATION ’S WEB SITE .—Section 307 of title III of 
division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 103 note) is amended— 
(A) in the heading by striking ‘‘
FEDERAL RAIL -
ROAD ADMINISTRATION ’S WEBSITE ’’ and inserting 
‘‘FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION WEB  
SITE’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘website’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘website’s’’ and inserting 
‘‘Web site’s’’. 
(6) A LCOHOL AND CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE  
TESTING FOR MAINTENANCE -OF-WAY EMPLOY -
EES.—Section 412 of title IV of division A of the 
Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20140 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
(7) T
UNNEL INFORMATION .—Section 414 of title 
IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘parts 171.8, 173.115’’ and in-
serting ‘‘sections 171.8, 173.115’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘part 1520.5’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 1520.5’’. 
(8) S
AFETY INSPECTIONS IN MEXICO .—Section 
416 of title IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20107 note) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘subsection’’ 
and inserting ‘‘section’’. 
(9) H
EADING OF TITLE VI .—The heading of title 
VI of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘ SOLID WASTE FACILITIES ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘ SOLID WASTE RAIL TRANSFER FA-
CILITIES ’’. 
(10) H
EADING OF SECTION 602 .—The heading of 
section 602 of title VI of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘
SOLID WASTE TRANSFER  
FACILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SOLID WASTE RAIL  
TRANSFER FACILITIES ’’. 
(k) C ONTINGENT INTEREST RECOVERIES .—Sec-
tion 22106(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘interest thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘interest thereon’’. 
(l) M
ISSION .—Section 24101(b) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘set forth in sub-section (c)’’. 
(m) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 24316 and inserting the following: 
‘‘24316. Plans to address the needs of families of 
passengers involved in rail pas-senger accidents.’’. 
(n) A
MTRAK .—Chapter 247 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 24706— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘a discontinu-
ance under section 24704 or or’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘section 24704 
or’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘section 24704 
or’’; and 
(2) in section 24709 by striking ‘‘The Secretary 
of the Treasury and the Attorney General,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity,’’. 
(o) R
AILCOOPERATIVE RESEARCH PROGRAM .— 
Section 24910(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (12) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (13) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) to improve overall safety of intercity 
passenger and freight rail operations.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8774 December 1, 2015 
(p) S ECRETARIAL OVERSIGHT .—Section 24403 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsection (b). 
Subtitle D—Safety 
SEC. 11401. HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSING 
SAFETY. 
(a) M ODEL STATE HIGHWAY -RAIL GRADE  
CROSSING ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall develop a model of a State-specific high-way-rail grade crossing action plan and dis-tribute the plan to each State. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan developed under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) methodologies, tools, and data sources for 
identifying and evaluating highway-rail grade crossing safety risks, including the public safety risks posed by blocked highway-rail grade cross-ings due to idling trains; 
(B) best practices to reduce the risk of high-
way-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents and to alleviate the blockage of highway-rail grade crossings due to idling trains, including strategies for— 
(i) education, including model stakeholder en-
gagement plans or tools; 
(ii) engineering, including the benefits and 
costs of different designs and technologies used to mitigate highway-rail grade crossing safety risks; and 
(iii) enforcement, including the strengths and 
weaknesses associated with different enforce-ment methods; 
(C) for each State, a customized list and data 
set of the highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents in that State over the past 3 years, including the location, number of deaths, and number of injuries for each accident or incident, and a list of highway-rail grade crossings in that State that have experienced multiple acci-dents or incidents over the past 3 years; and 
(D) contact information of a Department of 
Transportation safety official available to assist the State in adapting the model plan to satisfy the requirements under subsection (b). 
(b) S
TATE HIGHWAY -RAILGRADE CROSSING AC-
TION PLANS.— 
(1) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 18 months 
after the Administrator develops and distributes the model plan under subsection (a), the Admin-istrator shall promulgate a rule that requires— 
(A) each State, except the 10 States identified 
under section 202 of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to de-velop and implement a State highway-rail grade crossing action plan; and 
(B) each State identified under section 202 of 
the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note) to— 
(i) update the State action plan under such 
section; and 
(ii) submit to the Administrator— (I) the updated State action plan; and (II) a report describing what the State did to 
implement its previous State action plan under such section and how the State will continue to reduce highway-rail grade crossing safety risks. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each State plan required 
under this subsection shall— 
(A) identify highway-rail grade crossings that 
have experienced recent highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents or multiple high-way-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents, or are at high-risk for accidents or incidents; 
(B) identify specific strategies for improving 
safety at highway-rail grade crossings, includ-ing highway-rail grade crossing closures or grade separations; and 
(C) designate a State official responsible for 
managing implementation of the State action plan under subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (1), as applicable. 
(3) A
SSISTANCE .—The Administrator shall pro-
vide assistance to each State in developing and carrying out, as appropriate, the State action plan under this subsection. (4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each State shall 
submit a final State plan under this subsection to the Administrator for publication. The Ad-ministrator shall make each approved State plan publicly available on an official Internet Web site. 
(5) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary may condition 
the awarding of a grant to a State under chap-ter 244 of title 49, United States Code, on that State submitting an acceptable State action plan under this subsection. 
(6) R
EVIEW OF ACTION PLANS .—Not later than 
60 days after the date of receipt of a State ac-tion plan under this subsection, the Adminis-trator shall— 
(A) if the State action plan is approved, notify 
the State and publish the State action plan under paragraph (4); and 
(B) if the State action plan is incomplete or 
deficient, notify the State of the specific areas in which the plan is deficient and allow the State to complete the plan or correct the defi-ciencies and resubmit the plan under paragraph (1). 
(7) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of a notice under paragraph (6)(B), a State shall complete the plan or correct the defi-ciencies and resubmit the plan. 
(8) F
AILURE TO COMPLETE OR CORRECT PLAN .— 
If a State fails to meet the deadline under para-graph (7), the Administrator shall post on the Web site under paragraph (4) a notice that the State has an incomplete or deficient highway- rail grade crossing action plan. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than the date that is 3 
years after the Administrator publishes the final rule under subsection (b)(1), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port on— 
(1) the specific strategies identified by States 
to improve safety at highway-rail grade cross-ings, including crossings with multiple accidents or incidents; and 
(2) the progress each State described under 
subsection (b)(1)(B) has made in implementing its action plan. 
(d) R
AILWAY -HIGHWAY CROSSINGS FUNDS.— 
The Secretary may use funds made available to carry out section 130 of title 23, United States Code, to provide States with funds to develop a State highway-rail grade crossing action plan under subsection (b)(1)(A) or to update a State action plan under subsection (b)(1)(B). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H IGHWAY -RAIL GRADE CROSSING .—The term 
‘‘highway-rail grade crossing’’ means a location within a State, other than a location where 1 or more railroad tracks cross 1 or more railroad tracks at grade, where— 
(A) a public highway, road, or street, or a pri-
vate roadway, including associated sidewalks and pathways, crosses 1 or more railroad tracks either at grade or grade-separated; or 
(B) a pathway explicitly authorized by a pub-
lic authority or a railroad carrier that is dedi-cated for the use of non-vehicular traffic, in-cluding pedestrians, bicyclists, and others, that is not associated with a public highway, road, or street, or a private roadway, crosses 1 or more railroad tracks either at grade or grade-sepa-rated. 
(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means a State of 
the United States or the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 11402. PRIVATE HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE 
CROSSINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with railroad carriers, shall conduct a study to— 
(1) determine whether limitations or weak-
nesses exist regarding the availability and use-fulness for safety purposes of data on private highway-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) evaluate existing engineering practices on 
private highway-rail grade crossings. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall make rec-ommendations as necessary to improve— 
(1) the utility of the data on private highway- 
rail grade crossings; and 
(2) the implementation of private highway-rail 
crossing safety measures, including signage and warning systems. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port of the findings of the study and any rec-ommendations for further action. 
SEC. 11403. STUDY ON USE OF LOCOMOTIVE 
HORNS AT HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSINGS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall submit a report to Congress containing the results of a study evaluating the final rule issued on August 17, 2006, entitled ‘‘Use of Locomotive Horns at Highway-Rail Grade Crossings’’ (71 Fed. Reg. 47614), includ-ing— 
(1) the effectiveness of such final rule; (2) the benefits and costs of establishing quiet 
zones; and 
(3) any barriers to establishing quiet zones. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit or preclude any planned retrospective review by the Secretary of the final rule described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 11404. POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL AT GRADE 
CROSSINGS EFFECTIVENESS STUDY. 
After the Secretary certifies that each Class I 
railroad carrier and each entity providing regu-larly scheduled intercity or commuter rail pas-senger transportation is in compliance with the positive train control requirements under section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Sec-retary shall— 
(1) conduct a study of the possible effective-
ness of positive train control and related tech-nologies on reducing collisions at highway-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) submit a report containing the results of 
the study conducted under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 11405. BRIDGE INSPECTION REPORTS. 
Section 417(d) of the Rail Safety Improvement 
Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF BRIDGE CONDITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State or political sub-
division of a State may file a request with the Secretary for a public version of a bridge inspec-tion report generated under subsection (b)(5) for a bridge located in such State or political sub-division’s jurisdiction. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC VERSION OF REPORT .—If the Sec-
retary determines that the request is reasonable, the Secretary shall require a railroad to submit a public version of the most recent bridge in-spection report, such as a summary form, for a bridge subject to a request under subparagraph (A). The public version of a bridge inspection re-port shall include the date of last inspection, length of bridge, location of bridge, type of bridge, type of structure, feature crossed by bridge, and railroad contact information, along with a general statement on the condition of the bridge. 
‘‘(C) P
ROVISION OF REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall provide to a State or political subdivision of a State a public version of a bridge inspection report submitted under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary, 
upon the reasonable request of State or political subdivision of a State, shall provide technical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8775 December 1, 2015 
assistance to such State or political subdivision 
of a State to facilitate the understanding of a bridge inspection report.’’. 
SEC. 11406. SPEED LIMIT ACTION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, each railroad carrier providing intercity rail passenger trans-portation or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation, in consultation with any applicable host railroad carrier, shall survey its entire system and identify each main track location where there is a reduction of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve, bridge, or tunnel and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve, bridge, or tunnel. 
(b) A
CTION PLANS.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date that the survey under subsection (a) is complete, a railroad carrier described in subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary an action plan that— 
(1) identifies each main track location where 
there is a reduction of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve, bridge, or tunnel and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve, bridge, or tunnel; 
(2) describes appropriate actions to enable 
warning and enforcement of the maximum au-thorized speed for passenger trains at each loca-tion identified under paragraph (1), including— 
(A) modification to automatic train control 
systems, if applicable, or other signal systems; 
(B) increased crew size; (C) installation of signage alerting train crews 
of the maximum authorized speed for passenger trains in each location identified under para-graph (1); 
(D) installation of alerters; (E) increased crew communication; and (F) other practices; (3) contains milestones and target dates for 
implementing each appropriate action described under paragraph (2); and 
(4) ensures compliance with the maximum au-
thorized speed at each location identified under paragraph (1). 
(c) A
PPROVAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date on which an action plan is submitted under subsection (b), the Secretary shall ap-prove, approve with conditions, or disapprove the action plan. 
(d) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the requirements of this section each segment of track for which op-erations are governed by a positive train control system certified under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety tech-nology or practice that would achieve an equiv-alent or greater level of safety in reducing de-railment risk. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port that describes— 
(1) the actions railroad carriers have taken in 
response to Safety Advisory 2013–08, entitled ‘‘Operational Tests and Inspections for Compli-ance With Maximum Authorized Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; 
(2) the actions railroad carriers have taken in 
response to Safety Advisory 2015–03, entitled ‘‘Operational and Signal Modifications for Com-pliance with Maximum Authorized Passenger Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; and 
(3) the actions the Federal Railroad Adminis-
tration has taken to evaluate or incorporate the information and findings arising from the safety advisories referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) into the development of regulatory action and oversight activities. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall prohibit the Secretary from applying the requirements of this section to other segments of 
track at high risk of overspeed derailment. 
SEC. 11407. ALERTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall promul-
gate a rule to require a working alerter in the controlling locomotive of each passenger train in intercity rail passenger transportation (as de-fined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code). 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may promul-
gate a rule to specify the essential functionalities of a working alerter, including the manner in which the alerter can be reset. 
(2) A
LTERNATE PRACTICE OR TECHNOLOGY .— 
The Secretary may require or allow a tech-nology or practice in lieu of a working alerter if the Secretary determines that the technology or practice would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in enhancing or ensuring appro-priate locomotive control. 
SEC. 11408. SIGNAL PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall initiate a rulemaking to require that on-track safety regulations, whenever prac-ticable and consistent with other safety require-ments and operational considerations, include requiring implementation of redundant signal protection for maintenance-of-way work crews who depend on a train dispatcher to provide sig-nal protection. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary shall consider exempting from any final requirements of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a positive train control system certified under sec-tion 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in providing additional signal protection. 
SEC. 11409. COMMUTER RAIL TRACK INSPEC-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall evaluate 
track inspection regulations to determine if a railroad carrier providing commuter rail pas-senger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines should be required to inspect the lines in the same manner as is required for other commuter railroad lines. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Considering safety, includ-
ing railroad carrier employee and contractor safety, system capacity, and other relevant fac-tors, the Secretary may promulgate a rule for high density commuter railroad lines. If, after the evaluation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary determines that it is necessary to promul-gate a rule, the Secretary shall specifically con-sider the following regulatory requirements for high density commuter railroad lines: 
(1) At least once every 2 weeks— (A) traverse each main line by vehicle; or (B) inspect each main line on foot. (2) At least once each month, traverse and in-
spect each siding by vehicle or by foot. 
(c) R
EPORT .—If, after the evaluation under 
subsection (a), the Secretary determines it is not necessary to revise the regulations under this section, the Secretary, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port explaining the reasons for not revising the regulations. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to promulgate regulations or issue or-ders under any other law. 
SEC. 11410. POST-ACCIDENT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in coopera-
tion with the National Transportation Safety Board and Amtrak, shall conduct a post-acci-dent assessment of the Amtrak Northeast Re-gional Train #188 crash on May 12, 2015. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted 
pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with the 
plan for addressing the needs of the families of passengers involved in any rail passenger acci-dent, which was submitted pursuant to section 24316 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with the 
emergency preparedness plan required under section 239.101(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; 
(3) a determination of any additional action 
items that should be included in the plans re-ferred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) to meet the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families, including— 
(A) notification of emergency contacts; (B) dedicated and trained staff to manage 
family assistance; 
(C) the establishment of a family assistance 
center at the accident locale or other appro-priate location; 
(D) a system for identifying and recovering 
items belonging to passengers that were lost in the crash; and 
(E) the establishment of a single customer 
service entity within Amtrak to coordinate the response to the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families; and 
(4) recommendations for any additional train-
ing needed by Amtrak staff to better implement the plans referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2), including the establishment of a regular sched-ule for training drills and exercises. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes— 
(1) Amtrak’s plan to achieve the recommenda-
tions referred to in subsection (b)(4); and 
(2) any steps that have been taken to address 
any deficiencies identified through the assess-ment. 
SEC. 11411. RECORDING DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 201 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 20168. Installation of audio and image re-
cording devices 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate regulations to require each railroad carrier that provides regularly scheduled intercity rail pas-senger or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation to the public to install inward- and out-ward-facing image recording devices in all con-trolling locomotive cabs and cab car operating compartments in such passenger trains. 
‘‘(b) D
EVICE STANDARDS .—Each inward- and 
outward-facing image recording device shall— 
‘‘(1) have a minimum 12-hour continuous re-
cording capability; 
‘‘(2) have crash and fire protections for any 
in-cab image recordings that are stored only within a controlling locomotive cab or cab car operating compartment; and 
‘‘(3) have recordings accessible for review dur-
ing an accident or incident investigation. 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall establish a 
process to review and approve or disapprove an inward- or outward-facing image recording de-vice for compliance with the standards described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(d) U
SES.—A railroad carrier subject to the 
requirements of subsection (a) that has installed an inward- or outward-facing image recording device approved under subsection (c) may use recordings from that inward- or outward-facing image recording device for the following pur-poses: 
‘‘(1) Verifying that train crew actions are in 
accordance with applicable safety laws and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8776 December 1, 2015 
railroad carrier’s operating rules and proce-
dures, including a system-wide program for such verification. 
‘‘(2) Assisting in an investigation into the 
causation of a reportable accident or incident. 
‘‘(3) Documenting a criminal act or moni-
toring unauthorized occupancy of the control-ling locomotive cab or car operating compart-ment. 
‘‘(4) Other purposes that the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
‘‘(e) D
ISCRETION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) require in-cab audio recording devices 
for the purposes described in subsection (d); and 
‘‘(B) define in appropriate technical detail the 
essential features of the devices required under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) E
XEMPTIONS .—The Secretary may exempt 
any railroad carrier subject to the requirements of subsection (a) or any part of the carrier’s op-erations from the requirements under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the carrier has implemented an alternative technology or practice that provides an equivalent or greater safety benefit or that is better suited to the risks of the operation. 
‘‘(f) T
AMPERING .—A railroad carrier subject to 
the requirements of subsection (a) may take ap-propriate enforcement or administrative action against any employee that tampers with or dis-ables an audio or inward- or outward-facing image recording device installed by the railroad carrier. 
‘‘(g) P
RESERVATION OF DATA.—Each railroad 
carrier subject to the requirements of subsection (a) shall preserve recording device data for 1 year after the date of a reportable accident or incident. 
‘‘(h) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may not disclose publicly any part of an in-cab audio or image recording or transcript of oral communications by or among train employ-ees or other operating employees responsible for the movement and direction of the train, or be-tween such operating employees and company communication centers, related to an accident or incident investigated by the Secretary. The Secretary may make public any part of a tran-script or any written depiction of visual infor-mation that the Secretary determines is relevant to the accident at the time a majority of the other factual reports on the accident or incident are released to the public. 
‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITED USE.—An in-cab audio or 
image recording obtained by a railroad carrier under this section may not be used to retaliate against an employee. 
‘‘(j) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed as requiring a railroad carrier to cease or restrict operations upon a technical failure of an inward- or outward-facing image recording device or in-cab audio device. Such railroad carrier shall repair or replace the failed inward- or outward-facing image recording de-vice as soon as practicable.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter II of chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘20168. Installation of audio and image record-
ing devices.’’. 
SEC. 11412. RAILROAD POLICE OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 28101 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘or agent, 
as applicable,’’ after ‘‘an employee’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a railroad police officer 
directly employed by or contracted by a rail car-rier and certified or commissioned as a police of-ficer under the laws of a State transfers primary employment or residence from the certifying or commissioning State to another State or jurisdic-
tion, the railroad police officer, not later than 1 year after the date of transfer, shall apply to be certified or commissioned as a police office under the laws of the State of new primary em-ployment or residence. 
‘‘(2) I
NTERIM PERIOD .—During the period be-
ginning on the date of transfer and ending 1 year after the date of transfer, a railroad police officer directly employed by or contracted by a rail carrier and certified or commissioned as a police officer under the laws of a State may en-force the laws of the new jurisdiction in which the railroad police officer resides, to the same extent as provided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) T
RAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State may recognize as 
meeting that State’s basic police officer certifi-cation or commissioning requirements for quali-fication as a rail police officer under this section any individual who successfully completes a program at a State-recognized police training academy in another State or at a Federal law enforcement training center and who is certified or commissioned as a police officer by that other State. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed as superseding or affecting any State training requirements re-lated to criminal law, criminal procedure, motor vehicle code, any other State law, or State-man-dated comparative or annual in-service training academy or Federal law enforcement training center.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the regulations in part 207 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to rail-road police officers), to permit a railroad to des-ignate an individual, who is commissioned in the individual’s State of legal residence or State of primary employment and directly employed by or contracted by a railroad to enforce State laws for the protection of railroad property, per-sonnel, passengers, and cargo, to serve in the States in which the railroad owns property. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A MTRAK RAIL POLICE .—Section 24305(e) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting 
‘‘may directly employ or contract with’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and inserting 
‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘employed without’’ and in-
serting ‘‘directly employed or contracted with-out’’. 
(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Section 922(z)(2)(B) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and inserting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’. 
SEC. 11413. REPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DAM-
AGED TRACK INSPECTION EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 201 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment 
‘‘The Secretary of Transportation may receive 
and expend cash, or receive and utilize spare parts and similar items, from non-United States Government sources to repair damages to or re-place United States Government-owned auto-mated track inspection cars and equipment as a result of third-party liability for such damages, and any amounts collected under this section shall be credited directly to the Railroad Safety and Operations account of the Federal Railroad Administration and shall remain available until expended for the repair, operation, and mainte-nance of automated track inspection cars and equipment in connection with the automated track inspection program.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter I of chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment.’’. 
SEC. 11414. REPORT ON VERTICAL TRACK DE-
FLECTION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a re-port detailing research conducted or procured by the Federal Railroad Administration on de-veloping a system that measures vertical track deflection (in this section referred to as ‘‘VTD’’) from a moving rail car, including the ability of such system to identify poor track support from fouled ballast, deteriorated cross ties, or other conditions. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) the findings and results of testing of VTD 
instrumentation during field trials on revenue service track; 
(2) the findings and results of subsequent test-
ing of VTD instrumentation on a Federal Rail-road Administration automated track inspection program geometry car; 
(3) if considered appropriate by the Secretary 
based on the report and related research, a plan for developing quantitative inspection criteria for poor track support using existing VTD in-strumentation on Federal Railroad Administra-tion automated track inspection program geom-etry cars; and 
(4) if considered appropriate by the Secretary 
based on the report and related research, a plan for installing VTD instrumentation on all re-maining Federal Railroad Administration auto-mated track inspection program geometry cars not later than 3 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11415. RAIL PASSENGER LIABILITY. 
(a) A MTRAK INCIDENT .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the aggregate allowable awards to all rail passengers, against all de-fendants, for all claims, including claims for pu-nitive damages, arising from a single accident or incident involving Amtrak occurring on May 12, 2015, shall not exceed $295,000,000. 
(b) A
DJUSTMENT BASED ON CONSUMER PRICE 
INDEX .—The liability cap under section 
28103(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, shall be adjusted on the date of enactment of this Act to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index-All Urban Consumers between such date and December 2, 1997, and the Secretary shall provide appropriate public notice of such ad-justment. The adjustment of the liability cap shall be effective 30 days after such notice. Every fifth year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall adjust such liability cap to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index-All Urban Consumers since the last ad-justment. The Secretary shall provide appro-priate public notice of each such adjustment, and the adjustment shall become effective 30 days after such notice. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
SEC. 11501. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Track, Rail-
road, and Infrastructure Network Act’’ or the ‘‘TRAIN Act’’. 
SEC. 11502. TREATMENT OF IMPROVEMENTS TO 
RAIL AND TRANSIT UNDER PRESER-VATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 138 of title 
23, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Improvements to, or the 
maintenance, rehabilitation, or operation of, railroad or rail transit lines or elements thereof that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or passengers shall not be considered a use of a historic site under sub-section (a), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element thereof is listed on, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8777 December 1, 2015 
eligible for listing on, the National Register of 
Historic Places. 
‘‘(2) E XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(i) stations; or ‘‘(ii) bridges or tunnels located on— ‘‘(I) railroad lines that have been abandoned; 
or 
‘‘(II) transit lines that are not in use. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN  
BRIDGES AND TUNNELS .—The bridges and tunnels 
referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) do not in-clude bridges or tunnels located on railroad or transit lines— 
‘‘(i) over which service has been discontinued; 
or 
‘‘(ii) that have been railbanked or otherwise 
reserved for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 303 of title 
49, United States Code, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) and (h)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Improvements to, or the 
maintenance, rehabilitation, or operation of, railroad or rail transit lines or elements thereof that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or passengers shall not be considered a use of a historic site under sub-section (c), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element thereof is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of Historic Places. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(i) stations; or ‘‘(ii) bridges or tunnels located on— 
‘‘(I) railroad lines that have been abandoned; 
or 
‘‘(II) transit lines that are not in use. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN  
BRIDGES AND TUNNELS .—The bridges and tunnels 
referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) do not in-clude bridges or tunnels located on railroad or transit lines— 
‘‘(i) over which service has been discontinued; 
or 
‘‘(ii) that have been railbanked or otherwise 
reserved for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers.’’. 
SEC. 11503. EFFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 241 the following new chapter: 
‘‘CHAPTER 242—PROJECT DELIVERY 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘24201. Efficient environmental reviews. 
‘‘§ 24201. Efficient environmental reviews 
‘‘(a) E
FFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall apply the project development pro-cedures, to the greatest extent feasible, described in section 139 of title 23 to any railroad project that requires the approval of the Secretary under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS AND PROCEDURES .—In car-
rying out paragraph (1), the Secretary shall in-corporate into agency regulations and proce-dures pertaining to railroad projects described in paragraph (1) aspects of such project develop-ment procedures, or portions thereof, determined appropriate by the Secretary in a manner con-sistent with this section, that increase the effi-ciency of the review of railroad projects. 
‘‘(3) D
ISCRETION .—The Secretary may choose 
not to incorporate into agency regulations and procedures pertaining to railroad projects de-scribed in paragraph (1) such project develop-ment procedures that could only feasibly apply to highway projects, public transportation cap-ital projects, and multimodal projects. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (l) of section 
139 of title 23 shall apply to railroad projects de-scribed in paragraph (1), except that the limita-tion on claims of 150 days shall be 2 years. 
‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enact-ment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Invest-ment Act of 2015, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) survey the use by the Federal Railroad 
Administration of categorical exclusions in transportation projects since 2005; and 
‘‘(2) publish in the Federal Register for notice 
and public comment a review of the survey that includes a description of— 
‘‘(A) the types of actions categorically ex-
cluded; and 
‘‘(B) any actions the Secretary is considering 
for new categorical exclusions, including those that would conform to those of other modal ad-ministrations. 
‘‘(c) N
EW CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary shall publish a notice of proposed rulemaking to propose new and exist-ing categorical exclusions for railroad projects that require the approval of the Secretary under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), including those identi-fied under subsection (b), and develop a process for considering new categorical exclusions to the extent that the categorical exclusions meet the criteria for a categorical exclusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary shall 
maintain and make publicly available, including on the Internet, a database that identifies project-specific information on the use of a cat-egorical exclusion on any railroad project car-ried out under this title. 
‘‘(e) P
ROTECTIONS FOR EXISTING AGREEMENTS  
ANDNEPA.—Nothing in subtitle E of the Pas-
senger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any amendment made by such subtitle, shall affect any existing environmental review proc-ess, program, agreement, or funding arrange-ment approved by the Secretary under title 49, as that title was in effect on the day preceding the date of enactment of such subtitle.’’. 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Except as expressly pro-
vided in section 41003(f) and subsection (o) of section 139 of title 23, United States Code, the requirements and other provisions of title 41 of this Act shall not apply to— 
(1) programs administered now and in the fu-
ture by the Department of Transportation or its operating administrations under title 23, 46, or 49, United States Code, including direct loan and loan guarantee programs, or other Federal statutes or programs or projects administered by an agency pursuant to their authority under title 49, United States Code; or 
(2) any project subject to section 2045 of the 
Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348). 
(c) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of chapters of subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 241 the following: 
‘‘242. Project delivery .......................... 24201’’. 
SEC. 11504. RAILROAD RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 242 of title 49, 
United States Code, (as added by this Act) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24202. Railroad rights-of-way 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Re-form and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary shall submit a proposed exemption of railroad rights-of-way from the review under section 306108 of title 54 to the Advisory Council on His-toric Preservation for consideration, consistent with the exemption for interstate highways ap-proved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928). 
‘‘(b) F
INAL EXEMPTION .—Not later than 180 
days after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits the proposed exemption under subsection (a) to the Council, the Council shall issue a 
final exemption of railroad rights-of-way from review under chapter 3061 of title 54 consistent with the exemption for interstate highways ap-proved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 242 of title 49, United States Code, (as added by this Act) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘24202. Railroad rights-of-way.’’. 
Subtitle F—Financing 
SEC. 11601. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited 
as the ‘‘Railroad Infrastructure Financing Im-provement Act’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES TO THE RAILROAD REVITAL -
IZATION AND REGULATORY REFORM ACT OF  
1976.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this subtitle an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Railroad Revi-talization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
SEC. 11602. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 501 (45 U.S.C. 821) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (10); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as 
paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘investment-grade rating’ means 
a rating of BBB minus, Baa 3, bbb minus, BBB(low), or higher assigned by a rating agen-cy.’’; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (8), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘master credit agreement’ means 
an agreement to make 1 or more direct loans or loan guarantees at future dates for a program of related projects on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) The term ‘project obligation’ means a 
note, bond, debenture, or other debt obligation issued by a borrower in connection with the fi-nancing of a project, other than a direct loan or loan guarantee under this title. 
‘‘(12) The term ‘railroad’ has the meaning 
given the term ‘railroad carrier’ in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
‘‘(13) The term ‘rating agency’ means a credit 
rating agency registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a nationally recog-nized statistical rating organization (as defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))). 
‘‘(14) The term ‘substantial completion’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) the opening of a project to passenger or 
freight traffic; or 
‘‘(B) a comparable event, as determined by the 
Secretary and specified in the terms of the direct loan or loan guarantee provided by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 11603. ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS. 
Section 502(a) (45 U.S.C. 822(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘one rail-
road’’ and inserting ‘‘1 of the entities described in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), or (6)’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(6) solely for the purpose of constructing a 
rail connection between a plant or facility and a railroad, limited option freight shippers that own or operate a plant or other facility.’’. 
SEC. 11604. ELIGIBLE PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 502(b)(1) (45 U.S.C. 
822(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, and 
costs related to these activities, including pre- construction costs’’ after ‘‘shops’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A); or’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A) or (C);’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8778 December 1, 2015 
(3) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) reimburse planning and design expenses 
relating to activities described in subparagraph (A) or (C); or 
‘‘(E) finance economic development, including 
commercial and residential development, and re-lated infrastructure and activities, that— 
‘‘(i) incorporates private investment; ‘‘(ii) is physically or functionally related to a 
passenger rail station or multimodal station that includes rail service; 
‘‘(iii) has a high probability of the applicant 
commencing the contracting process for con-struction not later than 90 days after the date on which the direct loan or loan guarantee is obligated for the project under this title; and 
‘‘(iv) has a high probability of reducing the 
need for financial assistance under any other Federal program for the relevant passenger rail station or service by increasing ridership, tenant lease payments, or other activities that generate revenue exceeding costs.’’. 
(b) R
EQUIRED NON-FEDERAL MATCH FOR  
TRANSIT -ORIENTED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS .— 
Section 502(h) (45 U.S.C. 822(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary shall require each recipient 
of a direct loan or loan guarantee under this section for a project described in subsection (b)(1)(E) to provide a non-Federal match of not less than 25 percent of the total amount ex-pended by the recipient for such project.’’. 
(c) S
UNSET .—Section 502(b) (45 U.S.C. 822(b)) 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) S UNSET .—The Secretary may provide a 
direct loan or loan guarantee under this section for a project described in paragraph (1)(E) only during the 4-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 11605. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURES .— 
Section 502(i) (45 U.S.C. 822(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION STATUS NOTICES .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date that the Secretary receives an application under this section, or additional information and material under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary shall provide the applicant written notice as to whether the application is complete or incomplete. 
‘‘(2) I
NCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS .—If the Sec-
retary determines that an application is incom-plete, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide the applicant with a description 
of all of the specific information or material that is needed to complete the application, including any information required by an independent fi-nancial analyst; and 
‘‘(B) allow the applicant to resubmit the ap-
plication with the information and material de-scribed under subparagraph (A) to complete the application. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION APPROVALS AND DIS -
APPROVALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date the Secretary notifies an appli-cant that an application is complete under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide the applicant written notice as to whether the Sec-retary has approved or disapproved the applica-tion. 
‘‘(B) A
CTIONS BY THE OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
AND BUDGET .—In order to enable compliance 
with the time limit under subparagraph (A), the Office of Management and Budget shall take any action required with respect to the applica-tion within that 60-day period. 
‘‘(4) E
XPEDITED PROCESSING .—The Secretary 
shall implement procedures and measures to economize the time and cost involved in obtain-ing an approval or a disapproval of an applica-tion for a direct loan or loan guarantee under this title. ‘‘(5) D
ASHBOARD .—The Secretary shall post on 
the Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site a monthly report that includes, for each application— 
‘‘(A) the applicant type; ‘‘(B) the location of the project; ‘‘(C) a brief description of the project, includ-
ing its purpose; 
‘‘(D) the requested direct loan or loan guar-
antee amount; 
‘‘(E) the date on which the Secretary provided 
application status notice under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(F) the date that the Secretary provided no-
tice of approval or disapproval under paragraph (3).’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF DIRECT LOANS AND  
LOANGUARANTEES .—Section 503 (45 U.S.C. 823) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘, including a program guide, a standard term sheet, and specific time-tables.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) through (l) 
as subsections (d) through (m), respectively; 
(3) by striking ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF LOAN 
GUARANTEES .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) A SSIGNMENT  
OFLOANGUARANTEES .—’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (2) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the modification cost has been covered 
under section 502(f).’’; and 
(5) by striking subsection (l), as so redesig-
nated, and inserting the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HARGES AND LOANSERVICING .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSES .—The Secretary may collect 
from each applicant, obligor, or loan party a reasonable charge for— 
‘‘(A) the cost of evaluating the application, 
amendments, modifications, and waivers, in-cluding for evaluating project viability, appli-cant creditworthiness, and the appraisal of the value of the equipment or facilities for which the direct loan or loan guarantee is sought, and for making necessary determinations and find-ings; 
‘‘(B) the cost of award management and 
project management oversight; 
‘‘(C) the cost of services from expert firms, in-
cluding counsel, and independent financial ad-visors to assist in the underwriting, auditing, servicing, and exercise of rights with respect to direct loans and loan guarantees; and 
‘‘(D) the cost of all other expenses incurred as 
a result of a breach of any term or condition or any event of default on a direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary may charge 
different amounts under this subsection based on the different costs incurred under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
ERVICER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may appoint 
a financial entity to assist the Secretary in serv-icing a direct loan or loan guarantee under this title. 
‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—A servicer appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall act as the agent of the Secretary in serving a direct loan or loan guar-antee under this title. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A servicer appointed under sub-
paragraph (A) shall receive a servicing fee from the obligor or other loan party, subject to ap-proval by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) S
AFETY AND OPERATIONS ACCOUNT .— 
Amounts collected under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) be credited directly to the Safety and Op-
erations account of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration; and 
‘‘(B) remain available until expended to pay 
for the costs described in this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 11606. LOAN TERMS AND REPAYMENT. 
(a) P REREQUISITES FOR ASSISTANCE .—Section 
502(g)(1) (45 U.S.C. 822(g)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘35 years from the date of its execu-
tion’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) 35 years after the date of substantial 
completion of the project; or 
‘‘(B) the estimated useful life of the rail equip-
ment or facilities to be acquired, rehabilitated, improved, developed, or established’’. 
(b) R
EPAYMENT SCHEDULES .—Section 502(j) (45 
U.S.C. 822(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘the sixth an-
niversary date of the original loan disburse-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years after the date of substantial completion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFERRED PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If at any time after the 
date of substantial completion the obligor is un-able to pay the scheduled loan repayments of principal and interest on a direct loan provided under this section, the Secretary, subject to sub-paragraph (B), may allow, for a maximum ag-gregate time of 1 year over the duration of the direct loan, the obligor to add unpaid principal and interest to the outstanding balance of the direct loan. 
‘‘(B) I
NTEREST .—A payment deferred under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) continue to accrue interest under para-
graph (2) until the loan is fully repaid; and 
‘‘(ii) be scheduled to be amortized over the re-
maining term of the loan. 
‘‘(4) P REPAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF EXCESS REVENUES .—With respect 
to a direct loan provided by the Secretary under this section, any excess revenues that remain after satisfying scheduled debt service require-ments on the project obligations and direct loan and all deposit requirements under the terms of any trust agreement, bond resolution, or similar agreement securing project obligations may be applied annually to prepay the direct loan with-out penalty. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PROCEEDS OF REFINANCING .—The 
direct loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty from the proceeds of refinancing from non-Federal funding sources.’’. 
(c) S
ALE OF DIRECT LOANS.—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) S
ALE OF DIRECT LOANS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) 
and as soon as practicable after substantial completion of a project, the Secretary, after no-tifying the obligor, may sell to another entity or reoffer into the capital markets a direct loan for the project if the Secretary determines that the sale or reoffering has a high probability of being made on favorable terms. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSENT OF OBLIGOR .—In making a sale 
or reoffering under paragraph (1), the Secretary may not change the original terms and condi-tions of the secured loan without the prior writ-ten consent of the obligor.’’. 
(d) N
ONSUBORDINATION .—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) N
ONSUBORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), a direct loan provided by the Sec-retary under this section shall not be subordi-nated to the claims of any holder of project obli-gations in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation of the obligor. 
‘‘(2) P
REEXISTING INDENTURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement under paragraph (1) for a pub-lic agency borrower that is financing ongoing capital programs and has outstanding senior bonds under a preexisting indenture if— 
‘‘(i) the direct loan is rated in the A category 
or higher; 
‘‘(ii) the direct loan is secured and payable 
from pledged revenues not affected by project performance, such as a tax-based revenue pledge or a system-backed pledge of project reve-nues; and 
‘‘(iii) the program share, under this title, of el-
igible project costs is 50 percent or less. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8779 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(B) L IMITATION .—The Secretary may impose 
limitations for the waiver of the nonsubordina-tion requirement under this paragraph if the Secretary determines that such limitations would be in the financial interest of the Federal Government.’’. 
SEC. 11607. CREDIT RISK PREMIUMS. 
(a) I NFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS .—Section 
502(f) (45 U.S.C. 822(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking the first sen-
tence and inserting the following: ‘‘In lieu of or in combination with appropriations of budget authority to cover the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees as required under section 504(b)(1) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661c(b)(1)), including the cost of a modification thereof, the Secretary may accept on behalf of an applicant for assistance under this section a commitment from a non-Federal source, including a State or local government or agency or public benefit corporation or public authority thereof, to fund in whole or in part credit risk premiums and modification costs with respect to the loan that is the subject of the ap-plication or modification.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as sub-
paragraph (E); 
(3) by striking paragraph (4); (4) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
REDITWORTHINESS .—An applicant may 
propose and the Secretary shall accept as a basis for determining the amount of the credit risk premium under paragraph (2) any of the following in addition to the value of any tan-gible asset: 
‘‘(A) The net present value of a future stream 
of State or local subsidy income or other dedi-cated revenues to secure the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(B) Adequate coverage requirements to en-
sure repayment, on a non-recourse basis, from cash flows generated by the project or any other dedicated revenue source, including— 
‘‘(i) tolls; ‘‘(ii) user fees; or ‘‘(iii) payments owing to the obligor under a 
public-private partnership. 
‘‘(C) An investment-grade rating on the direct 
loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, except that if the total amount of the direct loan or loan guarantee is greater than $75,000,000, the applicant shall have an investment-grade rating from at least 2 rating agencies on the direct loan or loan guarantee.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘amounts (and in the case of a modification, before the modifica-tion is executed), to the extent appropriations are not available to the Secretary to meet the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees, in-cluding costs of modifications thereof’’. 
(b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—All provisions under 
sections 502 through 504 of the Railroad Revital-ization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) as they existed on the day be-fore enactment of this Act shall apply to direct loans provided by the Secretary prior to the date of enactment of this Act, and nothing in this title may be construed to limit the payback of a credit risk premium, with interest accrued there-on, if a direct loan provided by the Secretary under such sections has been paid back in full, prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11608. MASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS. 
Section 502 (45 U.S.C. 822) is further amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) M ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d) 
and paragraph (2) of this subsection, the Sec-retary may enter into a master credit agreement that is contingent on all of the conditions for 
the provision of a direct loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, under this title and other applica-ble requirements being satisfied prior to the issuance of the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS .—Each master credit agree-
ment shall— 
‘‘(A) establish the maximum amount and gen-
eral terms and conditions of each applicable di-rect loan or loan guarantee; 
‘‘(B) identify 1 or more dedicated non-Federal 
revenue sources that will secure the repayment of each applicable direct loan or loan guar-antee; 
‘‘(C) provide for the obligation of funds for 
the direct loans or loan guarantees contingent on and after all requirements have been met for the projects subject to the master credit agree-ment; and 
‘‘(D) provide 1 or more dates, as determined by 
the Secretary, before which the master credit agreement results in each of the direct loans or loan guarantees or in the release of the master credit agreement.’’. 
SEC. 11609. PRIORITIES AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) P RIORITY PROJECTS .—Section 502(c) (45 
U.S.C. 822(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including 
projects for the installation of a positive train control system (as defined in section 20157(i) of title 49, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘public safe-ty’’; 
(2) by moving paragraph (3) to appear before 
paragraph (2), and redesignating those para-graphs accordingly; 
(3) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘or chapter 
227 of title 49’’ after ‘‘section 135 of title 23’’; 
(4) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through 
(8) as paragraphs (7) through (9), respectively; and 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) improve railroad stations and passenger 
facilities and increase transit-oriented develop-ment;’’. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS OF ASSISTANCE .—Section 
502(h)(2) (45 U.S.C. 822(h)(2)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, if applicable’’ after ‘‘project’’. 
SEC. 11610. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b) and section 11607(b), this subtitle, and the amendments made by this subtitle, shall not affect any direct loan (or direct loan obliga-tion) or an outstanding loan guarantee (or loan guarantee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. Any such transaction entered into before the date of en-actment of this Act shall be administered until completion under its terms as if this Act were not enacted. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION COSTS.—At the discretion of 
the Secretary, the authority to accept modifica-tion costs on behalf of an applicant under sec-tion 502(f) of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(f)), as amended by section 11607 of this Act, may apply with respect to any direct loan (or direct loan obligation) or an outstanding loan guar-antee (or loan guarantee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11611. REPORT ON LEVERAGING RRIF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that analyzes how the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing Program can be used to improve passenger rail infrastructure. 
(b) R
EPORT CONTENTS .—The report required 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) illustrative examples of projects that could 
be financed under such Program; 
(2) potential repayment sources for such 
projects, including tax-increment financing, user fees, tolls, and other dedicated revenue 
sources; and 
(3) estimated costs and benefits of using the 
Program relative to other options, including a comparison of the length of time such projects would likely be completed without Federal cred-it assistance. 
DIVISION B—COMPREHENSIVE TRANS-
PORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTEC-TION ACT OF 2015 
TITLE XXIV—MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Vehicle Safety 
SEC. 24101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, amounts as follows: 
(1) $132,730,000 for fiscal year 2016. (2) $135,517,330 for fiscal year 2017. (3) $138,363,194 for fiscal year 2018. (4) $141,268,821 for fiscal year 2019. (5) $144,235,466 for fiscal year 2020. (b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO-
PRIATIONS IF A CERTIFICATION ISMADE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the amounts 
authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, if the certification described in paragraph (2) is made during a fiscal year there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for that pur-pose for that fiscal year and subsequent fiscal years an additional amount as follows: 
(A) $46,270,000 for fiscal year 2016. (B) $51,537,670 for fiscal year 2017. (C) $57,296,336 for fiscal year 2018. (D) $62,999,728 for fiscal year 2019. (E) $69,837,974 for fiscal year 2020. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .—The certifi-
cation described in this paragraph is a certifi-cation made by the Secretary and submitted to Congress that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has implemented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST– 2015–063). As part of the certification, the Sec-retary shall review the actions the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has taken to implement the recommendations and issue a report to Congress detailing how the rec-ommendations were implemented. The Secretary shall not delegate or assign the responsibility under this paragraph. 
SEC. 24102. INSPECTOR GENERAL RECOMMENDA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and periodi-cally thereafter until the completion date, the Department of Transportation Inspector Gen-eral shall report to the appropriate committees of Congress on whether and what progress has been made to implement the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PROGRESS .—The Admin-
istrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall— 
(1) not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the actions the Administrator has taken to imple-ment the recommendations in the audit report described in subsection (a), including a plan for implementing any remaining recommendations; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, issue a final report to the appropriate committees of Congress on the im-plementation of all of the recommendations in the audit report described in subsection (a). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8780 December 1, 2015 
Transportation of the Senate and the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(2) C
OMPLETION DATE .—The term ‘‘completion 
date’’ means the date that the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration has imple-mented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
SEC. 24103. IMPROVEMENTS IN AVAILABILITY OF 
RECALL INFORMATION. 
(a) V EHICLE RECALL INFORMATION .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement current in-formation technology, web design trends, and best practices that will help ensure that motor vehicle safety recall information available to the public on the Federal website is readily acces-sible and easy to use, including— 
(1) by improving the organization, avail-
ability, readability, and functionality of the website; 
(2) by accommodating high-traffic volume; 
and 
(3) by establishing best practices for sched-
uling routine website maintenance. 
(b) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
PUBLIC AWARENESS REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
shall study the current use by consumers, deal-ers, and manufacturers of the safety recall in-formation made available to the public, includ-ing the usability and content of the Federal and manufacturers’ websites and the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration’s efforts to publicize and educate consumers about safety recall information. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall issue a report with the findings of the study under paragraph (1), including recom-mending any actions the Secretary can take to improve public awareness and use of the websites for safety recall information. 
(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .—Sec-
tion 31301(c) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30166 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .—The 
Secretary shall improve public awareness of safety recall information made publicly avail-able by periodically updating the method of con-veying that information to consumers, dealers, and manufacturers, such as through public service announcements.’’. 
(d) C
ONSUMER GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet detailed guidance for consumers submitting safety complaints, including— 
(1) a detailed explanation of what information 
a consumer should include in a complaint; and 
(2) a detailed explanation of the possible ac-
tions the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration can take to address a complaint and respond to the consumer, including infor-mation on— 
(A) the consumer records, such as photo-
graphs and police reports, that could assist with an investigation; and 
(B) the length of time a consumer should re-
tain the records described in subparagraph (A). 
(e) V
INSEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordina-
tion with industry, including manufacturers and dealers, shall study— 
(A) the feasibility of searching multiple vehi-
cle identification numbers at a time to retrieve motor vehicle safety recall information; and 
(B) the feasibility of making the search mech-
anism described under subparagraph (A) pub-licly available. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the study 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider the potential costs, and potential risks to privacy and security in implementing such a search mechanism. 
SEC. 24104. RECALL PROCESS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION IMPROVEMENT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe a final rule revising the regula-tions under section 577.7 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to include notification by elec-tronic means in addition to notification by first class mail. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF ELECTRONIC MEANS .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘electronic means’’ includes electronic mail and may include such other means of electronic notification, such as social media or targeted online campaigns, as deter-mined by the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION BY MANUFACTURER .—Sec-
tion 30118(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or electronic mail’’ after ‘‘certified mail’’. 
(c) R
ECALL COMPLETION RATES REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and bienni-ally thereafter for 4 years, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct an analysis of vehicle safety re-
call completion rates to assess potential actions by the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration to improve vehicle safety recall comple-tion rates; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the analysis. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report shall include— 
(A) the annual recall completion rate by man-
ufacturer, model year, component (such as brakes, fuel systems, and air bags), and vehicle type (passenger car, sport utility vehicle, pas-senger van, and pick-up truck) for each of the 5 years before the year the report is submitted; 
(B) the methods by which the Secretary has 
conducted analyses of these recall completion rates to determine trends and identify risk fac-tors associated with lower recall rates; and 
(C) the actions the Secretary has planned to 
improve recall completion rates based on the re-sults of this data analysis. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT OF VEHICLE  
RECALLS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Trans-
portation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s management of vehicle safety recalls. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The audit shall include a de-
termination of whether the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration— 
(A) appropriately monitors recalls to ensure 
the appropriateness of scope and adequacy of recall completion rates and remedies; 
(B) ensures manufacturers provide safe rem-
edies, at no cost to consumers; 
(C) is capable of coordinating recall remedies 
and processes; and 
(D) can improve its policy on consumer notice 
to combat effects of recall fatigue. 
SEC. 24105. PILOT GRANT PROGRAM FOR STATE 
NOTIFICATION TO CONSUMERS OF MOTOR VEHICLE RECALL STATUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 
2016, the Secretary shall implement a 2-year pilot program to evaluate the feasibility and ef-fectiveness of a State process for informing con-sumers of open motor vehicle recalls at the time of motor vehicle registration in the State. 
(b) G
RANTS .—To carry out this program, the 
Secretary may make a grant to each eligible State, but not more than 6 eligible States in total, that agrees to comply with the require-ments under subsection (c). Funds made avail-able to a State under this section shall be used by the State for the pilot program described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant, a 
State shall— 
(1) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary prescribes; 
(2) agree to notify, at the time of registration, 
each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle pre-sented for registration in the State of any open recall on that vehicle; (3) provide the open motor vehicle recall infor-
mation at no cost to each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle presented for registration in the State; and 
(4) provide such other information as the Sec-
retary may require. 
(d) A
WARDS .—In selecting an applicant for an 
award under this section, the Secretary shall consider the State’s methodology for deter-mining open recalls on a motor vehicle, for in-forming consumers of the open recalls, and for determining performance. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE PERIOD .—Each grant 
awarded under this section shall require a 2- year performance period. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
completion of the performance period under sub-section (e), a grantee shall provide to the Sec-retary a report of performance containing such information as the Secretary considers necessary to evaluate the extent to which open recalls have been remedied. 
(g) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall evaluate the extent to which open recalls identified have been remedied. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONSUMER .—The term ‘‘consumer’’ in-
cludes owner and lessee. 
(2) M OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘motor vehi-
cle’’ has the meaning given the term under sec-tion 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) O
PEN RECALL .—The term ‘‘open recall’’ 
means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
(4) R
EGISTRATION .—The term ‘‘registration’’ 
means the process for registering motor vehicles in the State. 
(5) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning 
given the term under section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 24106. RECALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER BANK-
RUPTCY. 
Section 30120A of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of title 11,’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 7 or chapter 11 of title 11’’. 
SEC. 24107. DEALER REQUIREMENT TO CHECK 
FOR OPEN RECALL. 
Section 30120(f) of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘ (1) IN GENERAL . A manufac-
turer’’ and indenting appropriately; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by strik-
ing the period at the end and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘if— 
‘‘(A) at the time of providing service for each 
of the manufacturer’s motor vehicles it services, the dealer notifies the owner or the individual requesting the service of any open recall; and 
‘‘(B) the notification requirement under sub-
paragraph (A) is specified in a franchise, oper-ating, or other agreement between the dealer and the manufacturer.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF OPEN RECALL .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘open recall’ means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under section 30119 and that has not been remedied under this section.’’. 
SEC. 24108. EXTENSION OF TIME PERIOD FOR 
REMEDY OF TIRE DEFECTS. 
Section 30120(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘60 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘180 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60-day’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘180-day’’. 
SEC. 24109. RENTAL CAR SAFETY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited 
as the ‘‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 30102(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8781 December 1, 2015 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and (11) 
as paragraphs (12) and (13), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respectively; 
(3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) ‘covered rental vehicle’ means a motor ve-
hicle that— 
‘‘(A) has a gross vehicle weight rating of 
10,000 pounds or less; 
‘‘(B) is rented without a driver for an initial 
term of less than 4 months; and 
‘‘(C) is part of a motor vehicle fleet of 35 or 
more motor vehicles that are used for rental pur-poses by a rental company.’’; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (10), as redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(11) ‘rental company’ means a person who— 
‘‘(A) is engaged in the business of renting cov-
ered rental vehicles; and 
‘‘(B) uses for rental purposes a motor vehicle 
fleet of 35 or more covered rental vehicles, on average, during the calendar year.’’. 
(c) R
EMEDIES FOR DEFECTS AND NONCOMPLI -
ANCE.—Section 30120(i) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by adding ‘‘, OR 
RENTAL ’’ at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) If notification’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If notification’’; 
(B) by indenting subparagraphs (A) and (B) 
four ems from the left margin; 
(C) by inserting ‘‘or the manufacturer has 
provided to a rental company notification about a covered rental vehicle in the company’s pos-session at the time of notification’’ after ‘‘time of notification’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘the dealer may sell or lease,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the dealer or rental company may sell, lease, or rent’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sale or 
lease’’ and inserting ‘‘sale, lease, or rental agreement’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection may be construed to prohibit a dealer or rental company from offering the vehicle or equipment for sale, lease, or rent.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC RULES FOR RENTAL COMPANIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided under this paragraph, a rental company shall comply with the limitations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in subparagraph (C) and paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 24 hours after the earliest receipt of the notice to owner under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 (including the vehicle identifica-tion number for the covered vehicle) by the rent-al company, whether by electronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR LARGE VEHICLE  
FLEETS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), if 
a rental company receives a notice to owner cov-ering more than 5,000 motor vehicles in its fleet, the rental company shall comply with the limi-tations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in sub-paragraph (C) and paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 48 hours after the earliest receipt of the notice to owner under sub-section (b) or (c) of section 30118 (including the vehicle identification number for the covered ve-hicle) by the rental company, whether by elec-tronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR WHEN REMEDIES NOT  
IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE .—If a notification re-
quired under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 indicates that the remedy for the defect or noncompliance is not immediately available and specifies actions to temporarily alter the vehicle that eliminate the safety risk posed by the defect or noncompliance, the rental company, after causing the specified actions to be performed, may rent (but may not sell or lease) the motor vehicle. Once the remedy for the rental vehicle becomes available to the rental company, the 
rental company may not rent the vehicle until the vehicle has been remedied, as provided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(D) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO JUNK AUTO -
MOBILES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), this 
subsection does not prohibit a rental company from selling a covered rental vehicle if such ve-hicle— 
‘‘(i) meets the definition of a junk automobile 
under section 201 of the Anti-Car Theft Act of 1992 (49 U.S.C. 30501); 
‘‘(ii) is retitled as a junk automobile pursuant 
to applicable State law; and 
‘‘(iii) is reported to the National Motor Vehi-
cle Information System, if required under sec-tion 204 of such Act (49 U.S.C. 30504).’’. 
(d) M
AKING SAFETY DEVICES AND ELEMENTS  
INOPERATIVE .—Section 30122(b) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘rental company,’’ after ‘‘dealer,’’ each place such term appears. 
(e) I
NSPECTIONS , I NVESTIGATIONS , AND 
RECORDS .—Section 30166 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘or dealer’’ 
each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘or dealer’’ 
each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘or to own-
ers’’ and inserting ‘‘, rental companies, or other owners’’. 
(f) R
ESEARCH AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
Transportation may conduct a study of— 
(1) the effectiveness of the amendments made 
by this section; and 
(2) other activities of rental companies (as de-
fined in section 30102(a)(11) of title 49, United States Code) related to their use and disposition of motor vehicles that are the subject of a notifi-cation required under section 30118 of title 49, United States Code. 
(g) S
TUDY .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Section 
32206(b)(2) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 785) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as sub-
paragraph (G); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) evaluate the completion of safety recall 
remedies on rental trucks; and’’. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Section 32206(c) of such Act is 
amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (E) and (G) of subsection (b)(2)’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(C) by striking ‘‘R
EPORT . Not later’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(c) R EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
AFETY RECALL REMEDY REPORT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the ‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’, the Secretary shall sub-mit a report to the congressional committees set forth in paragraph (1) that contains— 
‘‘(A) the findings of the study conducted pur-
suant to subsection (b)(2)(F); and 
‘‘(B) any recommendations for legislation that 
the Secretary determines to be appropriate.’’. 
(h) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
solicit comments regarding the implementation of this section from members of the public, in-cluding rental companies, consumer organiza-tions, automobile manufacturers, and auto-mobile dealers. 
(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section or the amendments made by this sec-tion— (1) may be construed to create or increase any 
liability, including for loss of use, for a manu-facturer as a result of having manufactured or imported a motor vehicle subject to a notifica-tion of defect or noncompliance under sub-section (b) or (c) of section 30118 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(2) shall supersede or otherwise affect the con-
tractual obligations, if any, between such a manufacturer and a rental company (as defined in section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code). 
(j) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary may promul-
gate rules, as appropriate, to implement this sec-tion and the amendments made by this section. 
(k) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 24110. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES FOR 
VIOLATIONS OF MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY. 
(a) I NCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES .—Section 
30165(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$21,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$105,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$21,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$105,000,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) of this section take effect on the date that the Secretary certifies to Congress that the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration has issued the final rule required by section 31203(b) of the Moving Ahead for Progress In the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 758; 49 U.S.C. 30165 note). 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF EFFECTIVE DATE.—The 
Secretary shall publish notice of the effective date under subsection (b) of this section in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 24111. ELECTRONIC ODOMETER DISCLO-
SURES. 
Section 32705(g) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Not later than’’ 
and indenting appropriately; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and sub-
ject to paragraph (3), a State, without approval from the Secretary under subsection (d), may allow for written disclosures or notices and re-lated matters to be provided electronically if— 
‘‘(A) in compliance with— ‘‘(i) the requirements of subchapter 1 of chap-
ter 96 of title 15; or 
‘‘(ii) the requirements of a State law under 
section 7002(a) of title 15; and 
‘‘(B) the disclosures or notices otherwise meet 
the requirements under this section, including appropriate authentication and security meas-ures. 
‘‘(3) Paragraph (2) ceases to be effective on 
the date the regulations under paragraph (1) be-come effective.’’. 
SEC. 24112. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
NHTSA REPORTS. 
Section 30166(o) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue a final rule under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 24113. DIRECT VEHICLE NOTIFICATION OF 
RECALLS. 
(a) R ECALL NOTIFICATION REPORT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8782 December 1, 2015 
Act, the Secretary shall issue a report on the 
feasibility of a technical system that would op-erate in each new motor vehicle to indicate when the vehicle is subject to an open recall. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF OPENRECALL .—In this sec-
tion the term ‘‘open recall’’ means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been rem-edied under section 30120 of that title. 
SEC. 24114. UNATTENDED CHILDREN WARNING. 
Section 31504(a) of the Moving Ahead for 
Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 24115. TIRE PRESSURE MONITORING SYS-
TEM. 
(a) P ROPOSED RULE.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall publish a proposed rule that— 
(1) updates the standards pertaining to tire 
pressure monitoring systems to ensure that a tire pressure monitoring system that is installed in a new motor vehicle after the effective date of such updated standards cannot be overridden, reset, or recalibrated in such a way that the sys-tem will no longer detect when the inflation pressure in one or more of the vehicle’s tires has fallen to or below a significantly underinflated pressure level; and 
(2) does not contain any provision that has 
the effect of prohibiting the availability of direct or indirect tire pressure monitoring systems that meet the requirements of the standards updated pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(b) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, after pro-viding the public with sufficient opportunity for notice and comment on the proposed rule pub-lished pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall issue a final rule based on the proposed rule described in subsection (a) that— 
(1) allows a manufacturer to install a tire 
pressure monitoring system that can be reset or recalibrated to accommodate— 
(A) the repositioning of tire sensor locations 
on vehicles with split inflation pressure rec-ommendations; 
(B) tire rotation; or (C) replacement tires or wheels of a different 
size than the original equipment tires or wheels; and 
(2) to address the accommodations described 
in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of para-graph (1), ensures that a tire pressure moni-toring system that is reset or recalibrated ac-cording to the manufacturer’s instructions would illuminate the low tire pressure warning telltale when a tire is significantly under-inflated until the tire is no longer significantly underinflated. 
(c) S
IGNIFICANTLY UNDERINFLATED PRESSURE  
LEVEL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘sig-
nificantly underinflated pressure level’’ means a pressure level that is— 
(1) below the level at which the low tire pres-
sure warning telltale must illuminate, consistent with the TPMS detection requirements con-tained in S4.2(a) of section 571.138 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any cor-responding similar or successor regulation or ruling (as determined by the Secretary); and 
(2) in the case of a replacement wheel or tire, 
below the recommended cold inflation pressure of the wheel or tire manufacturer. 
SEC. 24116. INFORMATION REGARDING COMPO-
NENTS INVOLVED IN RECALL. 
Section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) I NFORMATION REGARDING COMPONENTS  
INVOLVED IN RECALL .—A manufacturer that is 
required to furnish a report under section 573.6 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation) for a defect or noncompli-ance in a motor vehicle or in an item of original or replacement equipment shall, if such defect or noncompliance involves a specific component or components, include in such report, with respect 
to such component or components, the following information: 
‘‘(1) The name of the component or compo-
nents. 
‘‘(2) A description of the component or compo-
nents. 
‘‘(3) The part number of the component or 
components, if any.’’. 
Subtitle B—Research And Development And 
Vehicle Electronics 
SEC. 24201. REPORT ON OPERATIONS OF THE 
COUNCIL FOR VEHICLE ELEC-TRONICS, VEHICLE SOFTWARE, AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report regarding the operations of the Council for Vehicle Electronics, Vehicle Software, and Emerging Technologies estab-lished under section 31401 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 105 note). The report shall include information about the accomplishments of the Council, the role of the Council in integrating and aggre-gating electronic and emerging technologies ex-pertise across the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the role of the Council in coordinating with other Federal agencies, and the priorities of the Council over the next 5 years. 
SEC. 24202. COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN GOV-
ERNMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 30182(b) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) in coordination with Department of 
State, enter into cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agree-ments with foreign governments.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 403 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘for-
eign government (in coordination with the De-partment of State)’’ after ‘‘institution,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘for-
eign governments,’’ after ‘‘local governments,’’. 
(c) A
UDIT.—The Department of Transpor-
tation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the Secretary of Transportation’s manage-ment and oversight of cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agreements, including any cooperative agree-ments between the Secretary of Transportation and foreign governments under section 30182(b)(6) of title 49, United States Code, and subsections (b)(2)(C) and (c)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Provisions 
PART I—DRIVER PRIVACY ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 24301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Driver Privacy 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 24302. LIMITATIONS ON DATA RETRIEVAL 
FROM VEHICLE EVENT DATA RE-CORDERS. 
(a) O WNERSHIP OF DATA.—Any data retained 
by an event data recorder (as defined in section 563.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations), regardless of when the motor vehicle in which it is installed was manufactured, is the property of the owner, or, in the case of a leased vehicle, the lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data recorder is installed. 
(b) P
RIVACY .—Data recorded or transmitted by 
an event data recorder described in subsection (a) may not be accessed by a person other than an owner or a lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data recorder is installed un-
less— 
(1) a court or other judicial or administrative 
authority having jurisdiction— 
(A) authorizes the retrieval of the data; and (B) to the extent that there is retrieved data, 
the data is subject to the standards for admis-sion into evidence required by that court or other administrative authority; 
(2) an owner or a lessee of the motor vehicle 
provides written, electronic, or recorded audio consent to the retrieval of the data for any pur-pose, including the purpose of diagnosing, serv-icing, or repairing the motor vehicle, or by agreeing to a subscription that describes how data will be retrieved and used; 
(3) the data is retrieved pursuant to an inves-
tigation or inspection authorized under section 1131(a) or 30166 of title 49, United States Code, and the personally identifiable information of an owner or a lessee of the vehicle and the vehi-cle identification number is not disclosed in con-nection with the retrieved data, except that the vehicle identification number may be disclosed to the certifying manufacturer; 
(4) the data is retrieved for the purpose of de-
termining the need for, or facilitating, emer-gency medical response in response to a motor vehicle crash; or 
(5) the data is retrieved for traffic safety re-
search, and the personally identifiable informa-tion of an owner or a lessee of the vehicle and the vehicle identification number is not dis-closed in connection with the retrieved data. 
SEC. 24303. VEHICLE EVENT DATA RECORDER 
STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of a study conducted by the Administrator to determine the amount of time event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehicles should capture and record for re-trieval vehicle-related data in conjunction with an event in order to provide sufficient informa-tion to investigate the cause of motor vehicle crashes. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 2 years after 
submitting the report required under subsection (a), the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall promulgate regulations to establish the appropriate period during which event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehicles may capture and record for retrieval vehicle-related data to the time necessary to provide accident investigators with vehicle-related information pertinent to crashes involving such motor vehicles. 
PART II—SAFETY THROUGH INFORMED 
CONSUMERS ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 24321. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Safety 
Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 24322. PASSENGER MOTOR VEHICLE INFOR-
MATION. 
Section 32302 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by inserting after subsection (b) the following: 
‘‘(c) C
RASH AVOIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Safety Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015, the Secretary shall promulgate a rule to ensure that crash avoidance information is indicated next to crashworthiness information on stickers placed on motor vehicles by their manufacturers.’’. 
PART III—TIRE EFFICIENCY, SAFETY, AND 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 24331. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Tire Efficiency, 
Safety, and Registration Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘TESR Act’’. 
SEC. 24332. TIRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM 
PERFORMANCE STANDARDS. 
Section 32304A of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8783 December 1, 2015 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘AND 
STANDARDS’’ after ‘‘CONSUMER TIRE IN-FORMATION’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘Rulemaking’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Consumer Tire Information’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(referred 
to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (b) through 
(e) as subsections (e) though (h), respectively; and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREFUELEFFICIENCY MINIMUM PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, after con-
sultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall promulgate regulations for tire fuel efficiency minimum performance standards for— 
‘‘(A) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability equal to or less than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour; and 
‘‘(B) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM PER -
FORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TANDARD BASIS AND TEST PROCE -
DURES .—The minimum performance standards 
promulgated under paragraph (1) shall be ex-pressed in terms of the rolling resistance coeffi-cient measured using the test procedure speci-fied in section 575.106 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act). 
‘‘(B) N
O DISPARATE EFFECT ON HIGH PERFORM -
ANCE TIRES .—The Secretary shall ensure that 
the minimum performance standards promul-gated under paragraph (1) will not have a dis-proportionate effect on passenger car high per-formance tires with a maximum speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies to 
new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does not 
apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, win-ter-type snow tires, space-saver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diame-ters of 12 inches or less. 
‘‘(c) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREWETTRACTION MINIMUM PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate regulations for tire wet traction min-imum performance standards to ensure that pas-senger tire wet traction capability is not reduced to achieve improved tire fuel efficiency. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE WET TRACTION MINIMUM PERFORM -
ANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) B ASIS OF STANDARD .—The minimum per-
formance standards promulgated under para-graph (1) shall be expressed in terms of peak co-efficient of friction. 
‘‘(B) T
EST PROCEDURES .—Any test procedure 
promulgated under this subsection shall be con-sistent with any test procedure promulgated under subsection (a). 
‘‘(C) B
ENCHMARKING .—The Secretary shall 
conduct testing to benchmark the wet traction performance of tire models available for sale in the United States as of the date of enactment of this Act to ensure that the minimum perform-ance standards promulgated under paragraph (1) are tailored to— 
‘‘(i) tires sold in the United States; and ‘‘(ii) the needs of consumers in the United 
States. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies to 
new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does not 
apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, win-ter-type snow tires, space-saver or temporary 
use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diame-ters of 12 inches or less. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION AMONG REGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPATIBILITY .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the test procedures and requirements promulgated under subsections (a), (b), and (c) are compatible and consistent. 
‘‘(2) C
OMBINED EFFECT OF RULES .—The Sec-
retary shall evaluate the regulations promul-gated under subsections (b) and (c) to ensure that compliance with the minimum performance standards promulgated under subsection (b) will not diminish wet traction performance of af-fected tires. 
‘‘(3) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—The Secretary 
shall promulgate— 
‘‘(A) the regulations under subsections (b) and 
(c) not later than 24 months after the date of en-actment of this Act; and 
‘‘(B) the regulations under subsection (c) not 
later than the date of promulgation of the regu-lations under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 24333. TIRE REGISTRATION BY INDE-
PENDENT SELLERS. 
Paragraph (3) of section 30117(b) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(3) R
ULEMAKING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ini-
tiate a rulemaking to require a distributor or dealer of tires that is not owned or controlled by a manufacturer of tires to maintain records of— 
‘‘(i) the name and address of tire purchasers 
and lessors; 
‘‘(ii) information identifying the tire that was 
purchased or leased; and 
‘‘(iii) any additional records the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC TRANSMISSION .—The rule-
making carried out under subparagraph (A) shall require a distributor or dealer of tires that is not owned or controlled by a manufacturer of tires to electronically transmit the records de-scribed in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subpara-graph (A) to the manufacturer of the tires or the designee of the manufacturer by secure means at no cost to tire purchasers or lessors. 
‘‘(C) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS .—A reg-
ulation promulgated under subparagraph (A) may be considered to satisfy the requirements of paragraph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 24334. TIRE IDENTIFICATION STUDY AND RE-
PORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
study to examine the feasibility of requiring all manufacturers of tires subject to section 30117(b) of title 49, United States Code, to— 
(1) include electronic identification on every 
tire that reflects all of the information currently required in the tire identification number; and 
(2) ensure that the same type and format of 
electronic information technology is used on all tires. 
(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the results of the study required by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 24335. TIRE RECALL DATABASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a publicly available and searchable elec-tronic database of tire recall information that is reported to the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. 
(b) T
IREIDENTIFICATION NUMBER .—The data-
base established under subsection (a) shall be searchable by Tire Identification Number (TIN) and any other criteria that assists consumers in determining whether a tire is subject to a recall. 
PART IV—ALTERNATIVE FUEL VEHICLES 
SEC. 24341. REGULATORY PARITY FOR NATURAL 
GAS VEHICLES. 
The Administrator of the Environmental Pro-
tection Agency shall revise the regulations issued in sections 600.510-12(c)(2)(vi) and 600.510-12(c)(2) (vii)(A) of title 40, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations, to replace references to the year ‘‘2019’’ with the year ‘‘2016’’. 
PART V—MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY 
WHISTLEBLOWER ACT 
SEC. 24351. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Motor Vehicle 
Safety Whistleblower Act’’. 
SEC. 24352. MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY WHISTLE-
BLOWER INCENTIVES AND PROTEC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter IV of chapter 
301 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 30172. Whistleblower incentives and protec-
tions 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED ACTION .—The term ‘covered ac-
tion’ means any administrative or judicial ac-tion, including any related administrative or ju-dicial action, brought by the Secretary or the Attorney General under this chapter that in the aggregate results in monetary sanctions exceed-ing $1,000,000. 
‘‘(2) M
ONETARY SANCTIONS .—The term ‘mone-
tary sanctions’ means monies, including pen-alties and interest, ordered or agreed to be paid. 
‘‘(3) O
RIGINAL INFORMATION .—The term ‘origi-
nal information’ means information that— 
‘‘(A) is derived from the independent knowl-
edge or analysis of an individual; 
‘‘(B) is not known to the Secretary from any 
other source, unless the individual is the origi-nal source of the information; and 
‘‘(C) is not exclusively derived from an allega-
tion made in a judicial or an administrative ac-tion, in a governmental report, a hearing, an audit, or an investigation, or from the news media, unless the individual is a source of the information. 
‘‘(4) P
ART SUPPLIER .—The term ‘part supplier’ 
means a manufacturer of motor vehicle equip-ment. 
‘‘(5) S
UCCESSFUL RESOLUTION .—The term ‘suc-
cessful resolution’, with respect to a covered ac-tion, includes any settlement or adjudication of the covered action. 
‘‘(6) W
HISTLEBLOWER .—The term ‘whistle-
blower’ means any employee or contractor of a motor vehicle manufacturer, part supplier, or dealership who voluntarily provides to the Sec-retary original information relating to any motor vehicle defect, noncompliance, or any vio-lation or alleged violation of any notification or reporting requirement of this chapter, which is likely to cause unreasonable risk of death or se-rious physical injury. 
‘‘(b) A
WARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the original information 
that a whistleblower provided to the Secretary leads to the successful resolution of a covered action, the Secretary, subject to subsection (c), may pay an award or awards to one or more whistleblowers in an aggregate amount of— 
‘‘(A) not less than 10 percent, in total, of col-
lected monetary sanctions; and 
‘‘(B) not more than 30 percent, in total, of col-
lected monetary sanctions. 
‘‘(2) P
AYMENT OF AWARDS .—Any amount pay-
able under paragraph (1) shall be paid from the monetary sanctions collected, and any monetary sanctions so collected shall be available for such payment. 
‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATION OF AWARDS ; DENIAL OF  
AWARDS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION OF AWARDS .— 
‘‘(A) D ISCRETION .—The determination of 
whether, to whom, or in what amount to make an award shall be in the discretion of the Sec-retary subject to the provisions in subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—In determining an award 
made under subsection (b), the Secretary shall take into consideration— 
‘‘(i) if appropriate, whether a whistleblower 
reported or attempted to report the information internally to an applicable motor vehicle manu-facturer, part supplier, or dealership; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8784 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(ii) the significance of the original informa-
tion provided by the whistleblower to the suc-cessful resolution of the covered action; 
‘‘(iii) the degree of assistance provided by the 
whistleblower and any legal representative of the whistleblower in the covered action; and 
‘‘(iv) such additional factors as the Secretary 
considers relevant. 
‘‘(2) D
ENIAL OF AWARDS .—No award under 
subsection (b) shall be made— 
‘‘(A) to any whistleblower who is convicted of 
a criminal violation related to the covered ac-tion for which the whistleblower otherwise could receive an award under this section; 
‘‘(B) to any whistleblower who, acting with-
out direction from an applicable motor vehicle manufacturer, part supplier, or dealership, or agent thereof, deliberately causes or substan-tially contributes to the alleged violation of a re-quirement of this chapter; 
‘‘(C) to any whistleblower who submits infor-
mation to the Secretary that is based on the facts underlying the covered action submitted previously by another whistleblower; 
‘‘(D) to any whistleblower who fails to provide 
the original information to the Secretary in such form as the Secretary may require by regulation; or 
‘‘(E) if the applicable motor vehicle manufac-
turer, parts supplier, or dealership has an inter-nal reporting mechanism in place to protect em-ployees from retaliation, to any whistleblower who fails to report or attempt to report the in-formation internally through such mechanism, unless— 
‘‘(i) the whistleblower reasonably believed 
that such an internal report would have re-sulted in retaliation, notwithstanding section 30171(a); 
‘‘(ii) the whistleblower reasonably believed 
that the information— 
‘‘(I) was already internally reported; ‘‘(II) was already subject to or part of an in-
ternal inquiry or investigation; or 
‘‘(III) was otherwise already known to the 
motor vehicle manufacturer, part supplier, or dealership; or 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary has good cause to waive 
this requirement. 
‘‘(d) R
EPRESENTATION .—A whistleblower may 
be represented by counsel. 
‘‘(e) N OCONTRACT NECESSARY .—No contract 
with the Secretary is necessary for any whistle-blower to receive an award under subsection (b). 
‘‘(f) P
ROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS ; CON-
FIDENTIALITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
30167, and except as provided in paragraphs (4) and (5) of this subsection, the Secretary, and any officer or employee of the Department of Transportation, shall not disclose any informa-tion, including information provided by a whis-tleblower to the Secretary, which could reason-ably be expected to reveal the identity of a whis-tleblower, except in accordance with the provi-sions of section 552a of title 5, unless— 
‘‘(A) required to be disclosed to a defendant or 
respondent in connection with a public pro-ceeding instituted by the Secretary or any entity described in paragraph (5); 
‘‘(B) the whistleblower provides prior written 
consent for the information to be disclosed; or 
‘‘(C) the Secretary, or other officer or em-
ployee of the Department of Transportation, re-ceives the information through another source, such as during an inspection or investigation under section 30166, and has authority under other law to release the information. 
‘‘(2) R
EDACTION .—The Secretary, and any of-
ficer or employee of the Department of Trans-portation, shall take reasonable measures to not reveal the identity of the whistleblower when disclosing any information under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
ECTION 552(B)(3)(B) .—For purposes of sec-
tion 552 of title 5, paragraph (1) of this sub-section shall be considered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of that section. 
‘‘(4) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this subsection is in-
tended to limit the ability of the Attorney Gen-eral to present such evidence to a grand jury or 
to share such evidence with potential witnesses or defendants in the course of an ongoing crimi-nal investigation. 
‘‘(5) A
VAILABILITY TO GOVERNMENT AGEN -
CIES.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Without the loss of its sta-
tus as confidential in the hands of the Sec-retary, all information referred to in paragraph (1) may, in the discretion of the Secretary, when determined by the Secretary to be necessary or appropriate to accomplish the purposes of this chapter and in accordance with subparagraph (B), be made available to the following: 
‘‘(i) The Department of Justice. ‘‘(ii) An appropriate department or agency of 
the Federal Government, acting within the scope of its jurisdiction. 
‘‘(B) M
AINTENANCE OF INFORMATION .—Each 
entity described in subparagraph (A) shall maintain information described in that subpara-graph as confidential, in accordance with the requirements in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(g) P
ROVISION OF FALSE INFORMATION .—A 
whistleblower who knowingly and intentionally makes any false, fictitious, or fraudulent state-ment or representation, or who makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any false, fictitious, or fraudu-lent statement or entry, shall not be entitled to an award under this section and shall be subject to prosecution under section 1001 of title 18. 
‘‘(h) A
PPEALS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any determination made 
under this section, including whether, to whom, or in what amount to make an award, shall be in the discretion of the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) A
PPEALS .—Any determination made by 
the Secretary under this section may be ap-pealed by a whistleblower to the appropriate court of appeals of the United States not later than 30 days after the determination is issued by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) R
EVIEW .—The court shall review the de-
termination made by the Secretary in accord-ance with section 706 of title 5. 
‘‘(i) R
EGULATION .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations on the requirements of this section, consistent with this section.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
(1) O RIGINAL INFORMATION .—Information sub-
mitted to the Secretary of Transportation by a whistleblower in accordance with the require-ments of section 30172 of title 49, United States Code, shall not lose its status as original infor-mation solely because the whistleblower sub-mitted the information prior to the effective date of the regulations issued under subsection (i) of that section if that information was submitted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
WARDS .—A whistleblower may receive an 
award under section 30172 of title 49, United States Code, regardless of whether the violation underlying the covered action occurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act, and may re-ceive an award prior to the Secretary of Trans-portation promulgating the regulations under subsection (i) of that section. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents of subchapter IV of chapter 301 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘30172. Whistleblower incentives and protec-
tions.’’. 
Subtitle D—Additional Motor Vehicle 
Provisions 
SEC. 24401. REQUIRED REPORTING OF NHTSA 
AGENDA. 
Not later than December 1 of the year begin-
ning after the date of enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion shall publish on the public website of the Administration, and file with the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives 
and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an annual plan for the following calendar year detailing the Administration’s projected activities, includ-ing— 
(1) the Administrator’s policy priorities; (2) any rulemakings projected to be com-
menced; 
(3) any plans to develop guidelines; (4) any plans to restructure the Administra-
tion or to establish or alter working groups; 
(5) any planned projects or initiatives of the 
Administration, including the working groups and advisory committees of the Administration; and 
(6) any projected dates or timetables associ-
ated with any of the items described in para-graphs (1) through (5). 
SEC. 24402. APPLICATION OF REMEDIES FOR DE-
FECTS AND NONCOMPLIANCE. 
Section 30120(g)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10 calendar years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 calendar years’’. 
SEC. 24403. RETENTION OF SAFETY RECORDS BY 
MANUFACTURERS. 
(a) R ULE.—Not later than 18 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule pursuant to section 30117 of title 49, United States Code, requiring each manufacturer of motor vehicles or motor vehicle equipment to retain all motor vehicle safety records required to be maintained by manufacturers under section 576.6 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for a period of not less than 10 calendar years from the date on which they were generated or acquired by the manufacturer. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The rule required by sub-
section (a) shall apply with respect to any record described in such subsection that is in the possession of a manufacturer on the effective date of such rule. 
SEC. 24404. NONAPPLICATION OF PROHIBITIONS 
RELATING TO NONCOMPLYING MOTOR VEHICLES TO VEHICLES USED FOR TESTING OR EVALUATION. 
Section 30112(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(10) the introduction of a motor vehicle in 
interstate commerce solely for purposes of test-ing or evaluation by a manufacturer that agrees not to sell or offer for sale the motor vehicle at the conclusion of the testing or evaluation and that prior to the date of enactment of this para-graph— 
‘‘(A) has manufactured and distributed motor 
vehicles into the United States that are certified to comply with all applicable Federal motor ve-hicle safety standards; 
‘‘(B) has submitted to the Secretary appro-
priate manufacturer identification information under part 566 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations; and 
‘‘(C) if applicable, has identified an agent for 
service of process in accordance with part 551 of such title.’’. 
SEC. 24405. TREATMENT OF LOW-VOLUME MANU-
FACTURERS. 
(a) E XEMPTION FROMVEHICLE SAFETY STAND -
ARDS FOR LOW-VOLUME MANUFACTURERS .—Sec-
tion 30114 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘(
A) VEHI-
CLES USED FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSES . The’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) E XEMPTION FOR LOW-VOLUME MANUFAC -
TURERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8785 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(A) exempt from section 30112(a) of this title 
not more than 325 replica motor vehicles per year that are manufactured or imported by a low-volume manufacturer; and 
‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (4) of 
this subsection, limit any such exemption to the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards appli-cable to motor vehicles and not motor vehicle equipment. 
‘‘(2) R
EGISTRATION REQUIREMENT .—To qualify 
for an exemption under paragraph (1), a low- volume manufacturer shall register with the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and under such terms that the Secretary determines appropriate. The Secretary shall establish terms that ensure that no person may register as a low-volume manufacturer if the person is reg-istered as an importer under section 30141 of this title. 
‘‘(3) P
ERMANENT LABEL REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall require 
a low-volume manufacturer to affix a perma-nent label to a motor vehicle exempted under paragraph (1) that identifies the specified stand-ards and regulations for which such vehicle is exempt from section 30112(a), states that the ve-hicle is a replica, and designates the model year such vehicle replicates. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN NOTICE .—The Secretary may re-
quire a low-volume manufacturer of a motor ve-hicle exempted under paragraph (1) to deliver written notice of the exemption to— 
‘‘(i) the dealer; and ‘‘(ii) the first purchaser of the motor vehicle, 
if the first purchaser is not an individual that purchases the motor vehicle for resale. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—A low-volume 
manufacturer shall annually submit a report to the Secretary including the number and descrip-tion of the motor vehicles exempted under para-graph (1) and a list of the exemptions described on the label affixed under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(4) E
FFECT ON OTHER PROVISIONS .—Any 
motor vehicle exempted under this subsection shall also be exempted from sections 32304, 32502, and 32902 of this title and from section 3 of the Automobile Information Disclosure Act (15 U.S.C. 1232). 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION AND PUBLIC NOTICE .—The 
Secretary shall have 90 days to review and ap-prove or deny a registration submitted under paragraph (2). If the Secretary determines that any such registration submitted is incomplete, the Secretary shall have an additional 30 days for review. Any registration not approved or de-nied within 90 days after initial submission, or 120 days if the registration submitted is incom-plete, shall be deemed approved. The Secretary shall have the authority to revoke an existing registration based on a failure to comply with requirements set forth in this subsection or a finding by the Secretary of a safety-related de-fect or unlawful conduct under this chapter that poses a significant safety risk. The reg-istrant shall be provided a reasonable oppor-tunity to correct all deficiencies, if such are cor-rectable based on the sole discretion of the Sec-retary. An exemption granted by the Secretary to a low-volume manufacturer under this sub-section may not be transferred to any other per-son, and shall expire at the end of the calendar year for which it was granted with respect to any volume authorized by the exemption that was not applied by the low-volume manufac-turer to vehicles built during that calendar year. The Secretary shall maintain an up-to- date list of registrants and a list of the make and model of motor vehicles exempted under paragraph (1) on at least an annual basis and publish such list in the Federal Register or on a website operated by the Secretary. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR ORIGINAL  
MANUFACTURERS , LICENSORS OR OWNERS OF  
PRODUCT CONFIGURATION , TRADE DRESS , OR DE -
SIGN PATENTS .—The original manufacturer, its 
successor or assignee, or current owner, who grants a license or otherwise transfers rights to a low-volume manufacturer shall incur no li-ability to any person or entity under Federal or 
State statute, regulation, local ordinance, or under any Federal or State common law for such license or assignment to a low-volume man-ufacturer. 
‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) L OW-VOLUME MANUFACTURER .—The term 
‘low-volume manufacturer’ means a motor vehi-cle manufacturer, other than a person who is registered as an importer under section 30141 of this title, whose annual worldwide production, including by a parent or subsidiary of the man-ufacturer, if applicable, is not more than 5,000 motor vehicles. 
‘‘(B) R
EPLICA MOTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘rep-
lica motor vehicle’ means a motor vehicle pro-duced by a low-volume manufacturer and that— 
‘‘(i) is intended to resemble the body of an-
other motor vehicle that was manufactured not less than 25 years before the manufacture of the replica motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(ii) is manufactured under a license for the 
product configuration, trade dress, trademark, or patent, for the motor vehicle that is intended to be replicated from the original manufacturer, its successors or assignees, or current owner of such product configuration, trade dress, trade-mark, or patent rights. 
‘‘(8) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (1) and (4), a registrant shall be considered a motor vehicle manufacturer for purposes of parts A and C of subtitle VI of this title. Nothing shall be construed to exempt a registrant from complying with the requirements under sections 30116 through 30120A of this title if the motor vehicle excepted under paragraph (1) contains a defect related to motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(9) S
TATE REGISTRATION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to preempt, affect, or supersede any State titling or registration law or regulation for a replica motor vehicle, or ex-empt a person from complying with such law or regulation.’’. 
(b) V
EHICLE EMISSION COMPLIANCE STANDARDS  
FOR LOW-VOLUME MOTOR VEHICLE MANUFAC -
TURERS .—Section 206(a) of the Clean Air Act (42 
U.S.C. 7525(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5)(A) A motor vehicle engine (including all 
engine emission controls) may be installed in an exempted specially produced motor vehicle if the motor vehicle engine is from a motor vehicle that is covered by a certificate of conformity issued by the Administrator for the model year in which the exempted specially produced motor vehicle is produced, or the motor vehicle engine is covered by an Executive order subject to regu-lations promulgated by the California Air Re-sources Board for the model year in which the exempted specially produced motor vehicle is produced, and— 
‘‘(i) the manufacturer of the engine supplies 
written instructions to the Administrator and the manufacturer of the exempted specially pro-duced motor vehicle explaining how to install the engine and maintain functionality of the engine’s emission control system and the on- board diagnostic system (commonly known as ‘OBD’), except with respect to evaporative emis-sions; 
‘‘(ii) the manufacturer of the exempted spe-
cially produced motor vehicle installs the engine in accordance with such instructions and cer-tifies such installation in accordance with sub-paragraph (E); 
‘‘(iii) the installation instructions include 
emission control warranty information from the engine manufacturer in compliance with section 207, including where warranty repairs can be made, emission control labels to be affixed to the vehicle, and the certificate of conformity num-ber for the applicable vehicle in which the en-gine was originally intended or the applicable Executive order number for the engine; and 
‘‘(iv) the manufacturer of the exempted spe-
cially produced motor vehicle does not produce more than 325 such vehicles in the calendar year in which the vehicle is produced. ‘‘(B) A motor vehicle containing an engine 
compliant with the requirements of subpara-graph (A) shall be treated as meeting the re-quirements of section 202 applicable to new vehi-cles produced or imported in the model year in which the exempted specially produced motor vehicle is produced or imported. 
‘‘(C) Engine installations that are not per-
formed in accordance with installation instruc-tions provided by the manufacturer and alter-ations to the engine not in accordance with the installation instructions shall— 
‘‘(i) be treated as prohibited acts by the in-
staller under section 203 and any applicable reg-ulations; and 
‘‘(ii) subject to civil penalties under section 
205(a), civil actions under section 205(b), and administrative assessment of penalties under section 205(c). 
‘‘(D) The manufacturer of an exempted spe-
cially produced motor vehicle that has an en-gine compliant with the requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall provide to the purchaser of such vehicle all information received by the manufacturer from the engine manufacturer, in-cluding information regarding emissions war-ranties from the engine manufacturer and all emissions-related recalls by the engine manufac-turer. 
‘‘(E) To qualify to install an engine under this 
paragraph, and sell, offer for sale, introduce into commerce, deliver for introduction into commerce or import an exempted specially pro-duced motor vehicle, a manufacturer of exempt-ed specially produced motor vehicles shall reg-ister with the Administrator at such time and in such manner as the Administrator determines appropriate. The manufacturer shall submit an annual report to the Administrator that in-cludes— 
‘‘(i) a description of the exempted specially 
produced motor vehicles and engines installed in such vehicles; 
‘‘(ii) the certificate of conformity number 
issued to the motor vehicle in which the engine was originally intended or the applicable Execu-tive order number for the engine; and 
‘‘(iii) a certification that it produced all ex-
empted specially produced motor vehicles ac-cording to the written instructions from the en-gine manufacturer, and otherwise that the en-gine conforms in all material respects to the de-scription in the application for the applicable certificate of conformity or Executive order. 
‘‘(F) Exempted specially produced motor vehi-
cles compliant with this paragraph shall be ex-empted from— 
‘‘(i) motor vehicle certification testing under 
this section; and 
‘‘(ii) vehicle emission control inspection and 
maintenance programs required under section 110. 
‘‘(G)(i) Except as provided in subparagraphs 
(A) through (F), a person engaged in the manu-facturing or assembling of exempted specially produced motor vehicles shall be considered a manufacturer for purposes of this Act. 
‘‘(ii) Nothing in this paragraph shall be con-
strued to exempt any person from the prohibi-tions in section 203(a)(3) or the requirements in sections 208, 206(c), or 202(m)(5). 
‘‘(H) In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘exempted specially produced 
motor vehicle’ means a light-duty vehicle or light-duty truck produced by a low-volume man-ufacturer and that— 
‘‘(I) is intended to resemble the body of an-
other motor vehicle that was manufactured not less than 25 years before the manufacture of the exempted specially produced motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(II) is manufactured under a license for the 
product configuration, trade dress, trademark, or patent, for the motor vehicle that is intended to be replicated from the original manufacturer, its successors or assignees, or current owner of such product configuration, trade dress, trade-mark, or patent rights. 
‘‘(ii) The term ‘low-volume manufacturer’ 
means a motor vehicle manufacturer, other than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8786 December 1, 2015 
a person who is registered as an importer under 
section 30141 of title 49, United States Code, whose annual worldwide production, including by a parent or subsidiary of the manufacturer, if applicable, is not more than 5,000 motor vehi-cles.’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 12 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation and the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall issue such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b), respectively. 
SEC. 24406. MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY GUIDE-
LINES. 
Section 30111 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) M
OTOR VEHICLE SAFETY GUIDELINES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No guidelines issued by the 
Secretary with respect to motor vehicle safety shall confer any rights on any person, State, or locality, nor shall operate to bind the Secretary or any person to the approach recommended in such guidelines. In any enforcement action with respect to motor vehicle safety, the Secretary shall allege a violation of a provision of this subtitle, a motor vehicle safety standard issued under this subtitle, or another relevant statute or regulation. The Secretary may not base an enforcement action on, or execute a consent order based on, practices that are alleged to be inconsistent with any such guidelines, unless the practices allegedly violate a provision of this subtitle, a motor vehicle safety standard issued under this subtitle, or another relevant statute or regulation. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to confer any au-thority upon or negate any authority of the Sec-retary to issue guidelines under this chapter.’’. 
SEC. 24407. IMPROVEMENT OF DATA COLLECTION 
ON CHILD OCCUPANTS IN VEHICLE CRASHES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the crash investigation data collec-tion system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to include the collection of the following data in connection with vehicle crashes whenever a child restraint system was in use in a vehicle involved in a crash: 
(1) The type or types of child restraint systems 
in use during the crash in any vehicle involved in the crash, including whether a five-point harness or belt-positioning booster. 
(2) If a five-point harness child restraint sys-
tem was in use during the crash, whether the child restraint system was forward-facing or rear-facing in the vehicle concerned. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In implementing sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall work with law enforcement officials, safety advocates, the med-ical community, and research organizations to improve the recordation of data described in subsection (a) in police and other applicable in-cident reports. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on child occu-pant crash data collection in the crash inves-tigation data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration pursu-ant to the revision required by subsection (a). 
DIVISION C—FINANCE 
TITLE XXXI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
RELATED TAXES 
Subtitle A—Extension of Trust Fund 
Expenditure Authority and Related Taxes 
SEC. 31101. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘December 5, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2020’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation Ex-
tension Act of 2015, Part II’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘FAST Act’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation Ex-
tension Act of 2015, Part II’’ each place it ap-pears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘FAST Act’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘December 5, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Section 9508(e)(2) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘December 5, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’. 
SEC. 31102. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY-RELATED 
TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) Each of the following provisions of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’: 
(A) Section 4041(a)(1)(C)(iii)(I). (B) Section 4041(m)(1)(B). (C) Section 4081(d)(1). (2) Each of the following provisions of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’: 
(A) Section 4041(m)(1)(A). (B) Section 4051(c). (C) Section 4071(d). (D) Section 4081(d)(3). (b) E
XTENSION OF TAX, ETC., ONUSE OF CER-
TAIN HEAVY VEHICLES .—Each of the following 
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2023’’: 
(1) Section 4481(f). (2) Subsections (c)(4) and (d) of section 4482. (c) F
LOOR STOCKS REFUNDS .—Section 
6412(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘March 31, 2017’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2023’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘January 1, 2023’’. 
(d) E
XTENSION OF CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) Section 4221(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’. 
(2) Section 4483(i) of such Code is amended by 
striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2023’’. 
(e) E
XTENSION OF TRANSFERS OF CERTAIN  
TAXES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 9503 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place it 
appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘O
CTOBER 1 , 2016’’ in the head-
ing of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘O CTOBER 1 , 
2022’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ in para-
graph (2) and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’; and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘July 1, 2017’’ in paragraph 
(2) and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2023’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘July 1, 
2017’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2023’’. 
(2) M
OTORBOAT AND SMALL -ENGINE FUEL TAX  
TRANSFERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraphs (3)(A)(i) and 
(4)(A) of section 9503(c) of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO LAND AND  
WATER CONSERVATION FUND .—Section 200310 of 
title 54, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting 
‘‘October 1, 2022’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
Subtitle B—Additional Transfers to Highway 
Trust Fund 
SEC. 31201. FURTHER ADDITIONAL TRANSFERS 
TO TRUST FUND. 
Subsection (f) of section 9503 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesig-nating paragraph (8) as paragraph (10) and in-serting after paragraph (7) the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(8) F
URTHER TRANSFERS TO TRUST FUND .— 
Out of money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, there is hereby appropriated— 
‘‘(A) $51,900,000,000 to the Highway Account 
(as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the High-way Trust Fund; and 
‘‘(B) $18,100,000,000 to the Mass Transit Ac-
count in the Highway Trust Fund. 
‘‘(9) A
DDITIONAL INCREASE IN FUND BAL -
ANCE.—There is hereby transferred to the High-
way Account (as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund amounts appro-priated from the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund under section 9508(c)(4).’’. 
SEC. 31202. TRANSFER TO HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
OF CERTAIN MOTOR VEHICLE SAFE-TY PENALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (5) of section 
9503(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘There are hereby’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There are hereby’’, and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(B) P ENALTIES RELATED TO MOTOR VEHICLE  
SAFETY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—There are hereby appro-
priated to the Highway Trust Fund amounts equivalent to covered motor vehicle safety pen-alty collections. 
‘‘(ii) C
OVERED MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY PEN -
ALTY COLLECTIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
paragraph, the term ‘covered motor vehicle safe-ty penalty collections’ means any amount col-lected in connection with a civil penalty under section 30165 of title 49, United States Code, re-duced by any award authorized by the Sec-retary of Transportation to be paid to any per-son in connection with information provided by such person related to a violation of chapter 301 of such title which is a predicate to such civil penalty.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to amounts collected after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 31203. APPROPRIATION FROM LEAKING UN-
DERGROUND STORAGE TANK TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 
9508 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL TRANSFER TO HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—Out of amounts in the Leaking Under-
ground Storage Tank Trust Fund there is here-by appropriated— 
‘‘(A) on the date of the enactment of the 
FAST Act, $100,000,000, 
‘‘(B) on October 1, 2016, $100,000,000, and ‘‘(C) on October 1, 2017, $100,000,000, 
to be transferred under section 9503(f)(9) to the 
Highway Account (as defined in section 9503(e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
9508(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8787 December 1, 2015 
TITLE XXXII—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Tax Provisions 
SEC. 32101. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN UNPAID TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 75 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7345. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN TAX DE-LINQUENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary receives 
certification by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that an individual has a seriously de-linquent tax debt, the Secretary shall transmit such certification to the Secretary of State for action with respect to denial, revocation, or lim-itation of a passport pursuant to section 32101 of the FAST Act. 
‘‘(b) S
ERIOUSLY DELINQUENT TAXDEBT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘seriously delinquent tax debt’ means an unpaid, legally enforceable Federal tax liability of an individual— 
‘‘(A) which has been assessed, ‘‘(B) which is greater than $50,000, and ‘‘(C) with respect to which— ‘‘(i) a notice of lien has been filed pursuant to 
section 6323 and the administrative rights under section 6320 with respect to such filing have been exhausted or have lapsed, or 
‘‘(ii) a levy is made pursuant to section 6331. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term shall not in-
clude— 
‘‘(A) a debt that is being paid in a timely man-
ner pursuant to an agreement to which the indi-vidual is party under section 6159 or 7122, and 
‘‘(B) a debt with respect to which collection is 
suspended with respect to the individual— 
‘‘(i) because a due process hearing under sec-
tion 6330 is requested or pending, or 
‘‘(ii) because an election under subsection (b) 
or (c) of section 6015 is made or relief under sub-section (f) of such section is requested. 
‘‘(c) R
EVERSAL OF CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an individual 
with respect to whom the Commissioner makes a certification under subsection (a), the Commis-sioner shall notify the Secretary (and the Sec-retary shall subsequently notify the Secretary of State) if such certification is found to be erro-neous or if the debt with respect to such certifi-cation is fully satisfied or ceases to be a seri-ously delinquent tax debt by reason of sub-section (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) T
IMING OF NOTICE .— 
‘‘(A) F ULL SATISFACTION OF DEBT .—In the 
case of a debt that has been fully satisfied or has become legally unenforceable, such notifica-tion shall be made not later than the date re-quired for issuing the certificate of release of lien with respect to such debt under section 6325(a). 
‘‘(B) I
NNOCENT SPOUSE RELIEF .—In the case of 
an individual who makes an election under sub-section (b) or (c) of section 6015, or requests re-lief under subsection (f) of such section, such notification shall be made not later than 30 days after any such election or request. 
‘‘(C) I
NSTALLMENT AGREEMENT OR OFFER -IN- 
COMPROMISE .—In the case of an installment 
agreement under section 6159 or an offer-in-com-promise under section 7122, such notification shall be made not later than 30 days after such agreement is entered into or such offer is accept-ed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(D) E
RRONEOUS CERTIFICATION .—In the case 
of a certification found to be erroneous, such notification shall be made as soon as practicable after such finding. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTEMPORANEOUS NOTICE TO INDI-
VIDUAL .—The Commissioner shall contempora-
neously notify an individual of any certification under subsection (a), or any reversal of certifi-cation under subsection (c), with respect to such individual. Such notice shall include a descrip-tion in simple and nontechnical terms of the right to bring a civil action under subsection (e). ‘‘(e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—After the Commissioner no-
tifies an individual under subsection (d), the taxpayer may bring a civil action against the United States in a district court of the United States or the Tax Court to determine whether the certification was erroneous or whether the Commissioner has failed to reverse the certifi-cation. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—If the court determines 
that such certification was erroneous, then the court may order the Secretary to notify the Sec-retary of State that such certification was erro-neous. 
‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case 
of a calendar year beginning after 2016, the dol-lar amount in subsection (a) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment determined 
under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, de-termined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) there-of. 
If any amount as adjusted under the preceding 
sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. 
‘‘(g) D
ELEGATION OF CERTIFICATION .—A cer-
tification under subsection (a) or reversal of cer-tification under subsection (c) may only be dele-gated by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to the Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement, or the Commissioner of an oper-ating division, of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice.’’. 
(b) I
NFORMATION INCLUDED IN NOTICE OF LIEN 
ANDLEVY.— 
(1) N OTICE OF LIEN .—Section 6320(a)(3) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (D) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the provisions of section 7345 relating to 
the certification of seriously delinquent tax debts and the denial, revocation, or limitation of passports of individuals with such debts pursu-ant to section 32101 of the FAST Act.’’. 
(2) N
OTICE OF LEVY .—Section 6331(d)(4) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) the provisions of section 7345 relating to 
the certification of seriously delinquent tax debts and the denial, revocation, or limitation of passports of individuals with such debts pursu-ant to section 32101 of the FAST Act.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORITY FOR INFORMATION SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6103(k) of such Code 
is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION TO  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PURPOSES OF PASS -
PORT REVOCATION UNDER SECTION 7345.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, upon 
receiving a certification described in section 7345, disclose to the Secretary of State return in-formation with respect to a taxpayer who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. Such return information shall be limited to— 
‘‘(i) the taxpayer identity information with re-
spect to such taxpayer, and 
‘‘(ii) the amount of such seriously delinquent 
tax debt. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION ON DISCLOSURE .—Return in-
formation disclosed under subparagraph (A) may be used by officers and employees of the Department of State for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary in, carrying out the re-quirements of section 32101 of the FAST Act.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (4) 
of section 6103(p) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or (10)’’ each place it appears in sub-paragraph (F)(ii) and in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘, (10), or (11)’’. 
(d) T
IME FOR CERTIFICATION OF SERIOUSLY  
DELINQUENT TAXDEBTPOSTPONED BY REASON  
OFSERVICE IN COMBAT ZONE.—Section 7508(a) 
of such Code is amended by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’ and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) Any certification of a seriously delin-
quent tax debt under section 7345.’’. 
(e) A
UTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-
PORT.— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving a certification described in section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State shall not issue a passport to any individual who has a seriously delin-quent tax debt described in such section. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the 
Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emer-gency circumstances or for humanitarian rea-sons, to an individual described in such sub-paragraph. 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may 
revoke a passport previously issued to any indi-vidual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to re-
voke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only for 
return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only permits 
return travel to the United States. 
(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury, the Secretary of State, and any of their designees shall not be liable to an indi-vidual for any action with respect to a certifi-cation by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(f) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORT IN  
CASE OF INDIVIDUAL WITHOUT SOCIAL SECURITY  
ACCOUNT NUMBER .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving an applica-tion for a passport from an individual that ei-ther— 
(i) does not include the social security account 
number issued to that individual, or 
(ii) includes an incorrect or invalid social se-
curity number willfully, intentionally, neg-ligently, or recklessly provided by such indi-vidual, 
the Secretary of State is authorized to deny 
such application and is authorized to not issue a passport to the individual. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the 
Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emer-gency circumstances or for humanitarian rea-sons, to an individual described in subpara-graph (A). 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may 
revoke a passport previously issued to any indi-vidual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to re-
voke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only for 
return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only permits 
return travel to the United States. 
(g) R
EMOVAL OF CERTIFICATION FROMRECORD  
WHEN DEBTCEASES TO BESERIOUSLY DELIN-
QUENT .—If pursuant to subsection (c) or (e) of 
section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 the Secretary of State receives from the Sec-retary of the Treasury a notice that an indi-vidual ceases to have a seriously delinquent tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8788 December 1, 2015 
debt, the Secretary of State shall remove from 
the individual’s record the certification with re-spect to such debt. 
(h) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for subchapter D of chapter 75 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 7345. Revocation or denial of passport in 
case of certain tax delin-quencies.’’. 
(i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of, and 
amendments made by, this section shall take ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 32102. REFORM OF RULES RELATING TO 
QUALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CON-TRACTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TOCOLLECT CERTAIN INAC-
TIVE TAXRECEIVABLES UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating subsections (c) through (f) as sub-sections (d) through (g), respectively, and by in-serting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
OLLECTION OF INACTIVE TAXRECEIV -
ABLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the Secretary shall enter into one or more qualified tax collection contracts for the collection of all outstanding inactive tax re-ceivables. 
‘‘(2) I
NACTIVE TAX RECEIVABLES .—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘inactive tax re-
ceivable’ means any tax receivable if— 
‘‘(i) at any time after assessment, the Internal 
Revenue Service removes such receivable from the active inventory for lack of resources or in-ability to locate the taxpayer, 
‘‘(ii) more than 
1⁄3of the period of the applica-
ble statute of limitation has lapsed and such re-ceivable has not been assigned for collection to any employee of the Internal Revenue Service, or 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a receivable which has 
been assigned for collection, more than 365 days have passed without interaction with the tax-payer or a third party for purposes of furthering the collection of such receivable. 
‘‘(B) T
AX RECEIVABLE .—The term ‘tax receiv-
able’ means any outstanding assessment which the Internal Revenue Service includes in poten-tially collectible inventory.’’. 
(b) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGIBLE  
FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAXCOL-
LECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by sub-section (a), is amended by redesignating sub-sections (d) through (g) as subsections (e) through (h), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGIBLE  
FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAXCOL-
LECTIONS CONTRACTS .—A tax receivable shall 
not be eligible for collection pursuant to a quali-fied tax collection contract if such receivable— 
‘‘(1) is subject to a pending or active offer-in- 
compromise or installment agreement, 
‘‘(2) is classified as an innocent spouse case, ‘‘(3) involves a taxpayer identified by the Sec-
retary as being— 
‘‘(A) deceased, ‘‘(B) under the age of 18, ‘‘(C) in a designated combat zone, or ‘‘(D) a victim of tax-related identity theft, ‘‘(4) is currently under examination, litiga-
tion, criminal investigation, or levy, or 
‘‘(5) is currently subject to a proper exercise of 
a right of appeal under this title.’’. 
(c) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—Section 6306 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—In contracting 
for the services of any person under this section, the Secretary shall utilize private collection con-
tractors and debt collection centers on the schedule required under section 3711(g) of title 31, United States Code, including the technology and communications infrastructure established therein, to the extent such private collection contractors and debt collection centers are ap-propriate to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion.’’. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION .— 
Section 6103(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by section 32101, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(12) Q
UALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CONTRAC -
TORS.—Persons providing services pursuant to a 
qualified tax collection contract under section 6306 may, if speaking to a person who has iden-tified himself or herself as having the name of the taxpayer to which a tax receivable (within the meaning of such section) relates, identify themselves as contractors of the Internal Rev-enue Service and disclose the business name of the contractor, and the nature, subject, and rea-son for the contact. Disclosures under this para-graph shall be made only in such situations and under such conditions as have been approved by the Secretary.’’. 
(e) T
AXPAYERS AFFECTED BY FEDERALLY DE-
CLARED DISASTERS .—Section 6306 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j) and by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) T
AXPAYERS IN PRESIDENTIALLY DECLARED  
DISASTER AREAS.—The Secretary may prescribe 
procedures under which a taxpayer determined to be affected by a Federally declared disaster (as defined by section 165(i)(5)) may request— 
‘‘(1) relief from immediate collection measures 
by contractors under this section, and 
‘‘(2) a return of the inactive tax receivable to 
the inventory of the Internal Revenue Service to be collected by an employee thereof.’’. 
(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6306 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k) and by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the last day of each fiscal year (be-ginning with the first such fiscal year ending after the date of the enactment of this sub-section), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report with respect to qualified tax collection contracts under this section which shall include— 
‘‘(1) annually, with respect to such fiscal 
year— 
‘‘(A) the total number and amount of tax re-
ceivables provided to each contractor for collec-tion under this section, 
‘‘(B) the total amounts collected (and amounts 
of installment agreements entered into under subsection (b)(1)(B)) with respect to each con-tractor and the collection costs incurred (di-rectly and indirectly) by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to such amounts, 
‘‘(C) the impact of such contracts on the total 
number and amount of unpaid assessments, and on the number and amount of assessments col-lected by Internal Revenue Service personnel after initial contact by a contractor, 
‘‘(D) the amount of fees retained by the Sec-
retary under subsection (e) and a description of the use of such funds, and 
‘‘(E) a disclosure safeguard report in a form 
similar to that required under section 6103(p)(5), and 
‘‘(2) biannually (beginning with the second 
report submitted under this subsection)— 
‘‘(A) an independent evaluation of contractor 
performance, and ‘‘(B) a measurement plan that includes a com-
parison of the best practices used by the private collectors to the collection techniques used by the Internal Revenue Service and mechanisms to identify and capture information on successful collection techniques used by the contractors that could be adopted by the Internal Revenue Service.’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS WITH RESPECT TO QUALIFIED TAX COLLEC -
TION CONTRACTS .—Section 881 of the American 
Jobs Creation Act of 2004 is amended by striking subsection (e). 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to tax receiv-ables identified by the Secretary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—The Secretary 
shall begin entering into contracts and agree-ments as described in the amendment made by subsection (c) within 3 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISCLOSURES .—The amendment made by 
subsection (d) shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(4) P
ROCEDURES ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The 
amendments made by subsections (e) and (f) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 32103. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 
6306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as re-designated by section 52106, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘for collection enforcement activities of the Internal Revenue Service’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘to fund the special compliance per-sonnel program account under section 6307’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT .—Subchapter A of chapter 64 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6307. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF A SPECIAL COMPLI -
ANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM ACCOUNT .—The Sec-
retary shall establish an account within the De-partment for carrying out a program consisting of the hiring, training, and employment of spe-cial compliance personnel, and shall transfer to such account from time to time amounts re-tained by the Secretary under section 6306(e)(2). 
‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The program described in 
subsection (a) shall be subject to the following restrictions: 
‘‘(1) No funds shall be transferred to such ac-
count except as described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) No other funds from any other source 
shall be expended for special compliance per-sonnel employed under such program, and no funds from such account shall be expended for the hiring of any personnel other than special compliance personnel. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding any other authority, the 
Secretary is prohibited from spending funds out of such account for any purpose other than for costs under such program associated with the employment of special compliance personnel and the retraining and reassignment of current non-collections personnel as special compliance per-sonnel, and to reimburse the Internal Revenue Service or other government agencies for the cost of administering qualified tax collection contracts under section 6306. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than March of 
each year, the Commissioner of Internal Rev-enue shall submit a report to the Committees on Finance and Appropriations of the Senate and the Committees on Ways and Means and Appro-priations of the House of Representatives con-sisting of the following: 
‘‘(1) For the preceding fiscal year, all funds 
received in the account established under sub-section (a), administrative and program costs for the program described in such subsection, the number of special compliance personnel hired 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8789 December 1, 2015 
and employed under the program, and the 
amount of revenue actually collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(2) For the current fiscal year, all actual and 
estimated funds received or to be received in the account, all actual and estimated administrative and program costs, the number of all actual and estimated special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the ac-tual and estimated revenue actually collected or to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(3) For the following fiscal year, an estimate 
of all funds to be received in the account, all es-timated administrative and program costs, the estimated number of special compliance per-sonnel hired and employed under the program, and the estimated revenue to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) S PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL .—The 
term ‘special compliance personnel’ means indi-viduals employed by the Internal Revenue Serv-ice as field function collection officers or in a similar position, or employed to collect taxes using the automated collection system or an equivalent replacement system. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM COSTS .—The term ‘program 
costs’ means— 
‘‘(A) total salaries (including locality pay and 
bonuses), benefits, and employment taxes for special compliance personnel employed or trained under the program described in sub-section (a), and 
‘‘(B) direct overhead costs, salaries, benefits, 
and employment taxes relating to support staff, rental payments, office equipment and fur-niture, travel, data processing services, vehicle costs, utilities, telecommunications, postage, printing and reproduction, supplies and mate-rials, lands and structures, insurance claims, and indemnities for special compliance per-sonnel hired and employed under this section. 
For purposes of subparagraph (B), the cost of 
management and supervision of special compli-ance personnel shall be taken into account as direct overhead costs to the extent such costs, when included in total program costs under this paragraph, do not represent more than 10 per-cent of such total costs.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for subchapter A of chapter 64 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 6306 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 6307. Special compliance personnel pro-
gram account.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to amounts col-lected and retained by the Secretary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 32104. REPEAL OF MODIFICATION OF AUTO-
MATIC EXTENSION OF RETURN DUE DATE FOR CERTAIN EMPLOYEE BEN-EFIT PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2006(b) of the Sur-
face Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
Subtitle B—Fees and Receipts 
SEC. 32201. ADJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION OF 
FEES FOR CERTAIN CUSTOMS SERV-ICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031 of the Consoli-
dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES FOR INFLATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall adjust the fees established under sub-section (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), on April 1, 2016, and at the be-ginning of each fiscal year thereafter, to reflect the percentage (if any) of the increase in the av-
erage of the Consumer Price Index for the pre-ceding 12-month period compared to the Con-sumer Price Index for fiscal year 2014. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CALCULATION OF AD -
JUSTMENT .—In adjusting under paragraph (1) 
the amount of the fees established under sub-section (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall round the amount of any increase 
in the Consumer Price Index to the nearest dol-lar; and 
‘‘(B) may ignore any such increase of less 
than 1 percent. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSUMER PRICE INDEX DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘Consumer Price Index’ means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
(b) U
SE OF FEES.—The fees collected as a re-
sult of the amendments made by this section shall be deposited in the Customs User Fee Ac-count, shall be available for reimbursement of customs services and inspections costs, and shall be available only to the extent provided in ap-propriations Acts. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 13031 
of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(subject to adjust-ment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘following fees’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)(A), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(E) in paragraph (8)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or (l)’’ after 
‘‘subsection (a)(9)(B)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(subject to ad-
justment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘$3’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (9)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘and subject to adjustment under sub-section (l)’’ after ‘‘Tariff Act of 1930’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting ‘‘(sub-
ject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’. 
SEC. 32202. LIMITATION ON SURPLUS FUNDS OF 
FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS. 
Section 7(a) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 
U.S.C. 289(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON SURPLUS FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The aggregate amount of 
the surplus funds of the Federal reserve banks may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSFER TO THE GENERAL FUND .—Any 
amounts of the surplus funds of the Federal re-serve banks that exceed, or would exceed, the limitation under subparagraph (A) shall be transferred to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for transfer to the Sec-retary of the Treasury for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury.’’. 
SEC. 32203. DIVIDENDS OF FEDERAL RESERVE 
BANKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a)(1) of the Fed-
eral Reserve Act (12 15 U.S.C. 289(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(A) D
IVIDEND AMOUNT .—After all necessary 
expenses of a Federal reserve bank have been paid or provided for, the stockholders of the bank shall be entitled to receive an annual divi-dend on paid-in capital stock of— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a stockholder with total 
consolidated assets of more than $10,000,000,000, the smaller of— 
‘‘(I) the rate equal to the high yield of the 10- 
year Treasury note auctioned at the last auc-tion held prior to the payment of such dividend; and 
‘‘(II) 6 percent; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a stockholder with total 
consolidated assets of $10,000,000,000 or less, 6 percent.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—The Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall annually adjust the dollar amounts of total con-solidated assets specified under subparagraph (A) to reflect the change in the Gross Domestic Product Price Index, published by the Bureau of Economic Analysis.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 32204. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 
of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of Energy shall draw-down and sell from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve— 
(A) the quantity of barrels of crude oil that 
the Secretary of Energy determines to be appro-priate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(B) 16,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2023; 
(C) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2024; and 
(D) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal 
year 2025. 
(2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE.—Amounts received from a sale under 
paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. 
(b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary 
shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under sec-tion 161(h) of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. 
(c) I
NCREASE ; LIMITATION .— 
(1) I NCREASE .—The Secretary of Energy may 
increase the drawdown and sales under sub-paragraphs (A) through (I) of subsection (a)(1) as the Secretary of Energy determines to be ap-propriate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under this section after the date on which a total of $6,200,000,000 has been deposited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales author-ized under this section. 
SEC. 32205. REPEAL. 
Effective as of November 2, 2015, the date of 
the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74), section 201 of such Act and the amendments made by such section are repealed, and the provisions of law amended by such section are hereby restored to appear as if such section had not been enacted into law. 
Subtitle C—Outlays 
SEC. 32301. INTEREST ON OVERPAYMENT. 
Section 111 of the Federal Oil and Gas Roy-
alty Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1721) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8790 December 1, 2015 
(1) by striking subsections (h) and (i); 
(2) by redesignating subsections (j) through (l) 
as subsections (h) through (j), respectively; and 
(3) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated), by 
striking the fourth sentence. 
Subtitle D—Budgetary Effects 
SEC. 32401. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be 
entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay- As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
DIVISION D—MISCELLANEOUS 
TITLE XLI—FEDERAL PERMITTING 
IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 41001. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) A GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY CERPO .—The term ‘‘agency 
CERPO’’ means the chief environmental review and permitting officer of an agency, as des-ignated by the head of the agency under section 41002(b)(2)(A)(iii)(I). 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION .—The term ‘‘authoriza-
tion’’ means any license, permit, approval, find-ing, determination, or other administrative deci-sion issued by an agency that is required or au-thorized under Federal law in order to site, con-struct, reconstruct, or commence operations of a covered project administered by a Federal agen-cy or, in the case of a State that chooses to par-ticipate in the environmental review and au-thorization process in accordance with section 41003(c)(3)(A), a State agency. 
(4) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘cooper-
ating agency’’ means any agency with— 
(A) jurisdiction under Federal law; or (B) special expertise as described in section 
1501.6 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(5) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the 
Federal Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Steering Council established under section 41002(a). 
(6) C
OVERED PROJECT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘covered project’’ 
means any activity in the United States that re-quires authorization or environmental review by a Federal agency involving construction of in-frastructure for renewable or conventional en-ergy production, electricity transmission, sur-face transportation, aviation, ports and water-ways, water resource projects, broadband, pipe-lines, manufacturing, or any other sector as de-termined by a majority vote of the Council that— 
(i)(I) is subject to NEPA; (II) is likely to require a total investment of 
more than $200,000,000; and 
(III) does not qualify for abbreviated author-
ization or environmental review processes under any applicable law; or 
(ii) is subject to NEPA and the size and com-
plexity of which, in the opinion of the Council, make the project likely to benefit from enhanced oversight and coordination, including a project likely to require— 
(I) authorization from or environmental re-
view involving more than 2 Federal agencies; or 
(II) the preparation of an environmental im-
pact statement under NEPA. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘covered project’’ 
does not include— 
(i) any project subject to section 139 of title 23, 
United States Code; or 
(ii) any project subject to section 2045 of the 
Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348). 
(7) D
ASHBOARD .—The term ‘‘Dashboard’’ 
means the Permitting Dashboard required under section 41003(b). 
(8) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘‘environmental assessment’’ means a concise public document for which a Federal agency is responsible under section 1508.9 of title 40, Code 
of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). 
(9) E
NVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ means an environmental assessment, finding of no significant impact, notice of in-tent, environmental impact statement, or record of decision. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ includes— 
(i) any document that is a supplement to a 
document described in subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) a document prepared pursuant to a court 
order. 
(10) E NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The term ‘‘environmental impact statement’’ means the detailed written statement required under section 102(2)(C) of NEPA. 
(11) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—The term ‘‘en-
vironmental review’’ means the agency proce-dures and processes for applying a categorical exclusion or for preparing an environmental as-sessment, an environmental impact statement, or other document required under NEPA. 
(12) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Execu-
tive Director’’ means the Executive Director ap-pointed by the President under section 41002(b)(1)(A). 
(13) F
ACILITATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘facili-
tating agency’’ means the agency that receives the initial notification from the project sponsor required under section 41003(a). 
(14) I
NVENTORY .—The term ‘‘inventory’’ 
means the inventory of covered projects estab-lished by the Executive Director under section 41002(c)(1)(A). 
(15) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘lead agency’’ 
means the agency with principal responsibility for an environmental review of a covered project under NEPA and parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
(16) NEPA.—The term ‘‘NEPA’’ means the Na-
tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(17) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘par-
ticipating agency’’ means an agency partici-pating in an environmental review or authoriza-tion for a covered project in accordance with section 41003. 
(18) P
ROJECT SPONSOR .—The term ‘‘project 
sponsor’’ means an entity, including any pri-vate, public, or public-private entity, seeking an authorization for a covered project. 
SEC. 41002. FEDERAL PERMITTING IMPROVEMENT 
COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the 
Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Coun-cil. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .— 
(1) C HAIR.—The Executive Director shall— 
(A) be appointed by the President; and (B) serve as Chair of the Council. (2) C
OUNCIL MEMBERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) D ESIGNATION BY HEAD OF AGENCY .—Each 
individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall des-ignate a member of the agency in which the in-dividual serves to serve on the Council. 
(ii) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A councilmem-ber de-
scribed in clause (i) shall hold a position in the agency of deputy secretary (or the equivalent) or higher. 
(iii) S
UPPORT .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with guidance 
provided by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, each individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall designate 1 or more ap-propriate members of the agency in which the individual serves to serve as an agency CERPO. 
(II) R
EPORTING .—In carrying out the duties of 
the agency CERPO under this title, an agency CERPO shall report directly to a deputy sec-retary (or the equivalent) or higher. 
(B) H
EADS OF AGENCIES .—The individuals that 
shall each designate a councilmember under this subparagraph are as follows: (i) The Secretary of Agriculture. 
(ii) The Secretary of the Army. (iii) The Secretary of Commerce. (iv) The Secretary of the Interior. (v) The Secretary of Energy. (vi) The Secretary of Transportation. (vii) The Secretary of Defense. (viii) The Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency. 
(ix) The Chairman of the Federal Energy Reg-
ulatory Commission. 
(x) The Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory 
Commission. 
(xi) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (xii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban De-
velopment. 
(xiii) The Chairman of the Advisory Council 
on Historic Preservation. 
(xiv) Any other head of a Federal agency that 
the Executive Director may invite to participate as a member of the Council. 
(3) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—In addition to the 
members listed in paragraphs (1) and (2), the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality and the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall also be members of the Council. 
(c) D
UTIES .— 
(1) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
(A) I NVENTORY DEVELOPMENT .—The Executive 
Director, in consultation with the Council, shall— 
(i) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, establish an inventory of covered projects that are pending the environ-mental review or authorization of the head of any Federal agency; 
(ii)(I) categorize the projects in the inventory 
as appropriate, based on sector and project type; and 
(II) for each category, identify the types of 
environmental reviews and authorizations most commonly involved; and 
(iii) add a covered project to the inventory 
after receiving a notice described in section 41003(a)(1). 
(B) F
ACILITATING AGENCY DESIGNATION .—The 
Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall— 
(i) designate a facilitating agency for each 
category of covered projects described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii); and 
(ii) publish the list of designated facilitating 
agencies for each category of projects in the in-ventory on the Dashboard in an easily acces-sible format. 
(C) P
ERFORMANCE SCHEDULES .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall develop recommended performance schedules, including intermediate and final completion dates, for environmental reviews and authoriza-tions most commonly required for each category of covered projects described in subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The performance schedules 
shall reflect employment of the use of the most efficient applicable processes, including the alignment of Federal reviews of projects and re-duction of permitting and project delivery time. 
(II) L
IMIT.— 
(aa) I N GENERAL .—The final completion dates 
in any performance schedule for the completion of an environmental review or authorization under clause (i) shall not exceed the average time to complete an environmental review or au-thorization for a project within that category. 
(bb) C
ALCULATION OF AVERAGE TIME .—The av-
erage time referred to in item (aa) shall be cal-culated on the basis of data from the preceding 2 calendar years and shall run from the period beginning on the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under section 41003(b)(2) (except that, for projects initiated be-fore that duty takes effect, the period beginning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8791 December 1, 2015 
on the date of filing of a completed application), 
and ending on the date of the issuance of a record of decision or other final agency action on the review or authorization. 
(cc) C
OMPLETION DATE .—Each performance 
schedule shall specify that any decision by an agency on an environmental review or author-ization must be issued not later than 180 days after the date on which all information needed to complete the review or authorization (includ-ing any hearing that an agency holds on the matter) is in the possession of the agency. 
(iii) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .—Not later than 2 
years after the date on which the performance schedules are established under this subpara-graph, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall review and revise the performance schedules. 
(D) G
UIDANCE .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with the Council, may recommend to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget or to the Council on Environmental Quality, as appropriate, that guidance be issued as necessary for agencies— 
(i) to carry out responsibilities under this title; 
and 
(ii) to effectuate the adoption by agencies of 
the best practices and recommendations of the Council described in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
OUNCIL .— 
(A) R ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The Council shall make rec-
ommendations to the Executive Director with re-spect to the designations under paragraph (1)(B) and the performance schedules under paragraph (1)(C). 
(ii) U
PDATE .—The Council may update the 
recommendations described in clause (i). 
(B) B EST PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Council shall issue recommendations on the best practices for— 
(i) enhancing early stakeholder engagement, 
including fully considering and, as appropriate, incorporating recommendations provided in pub-lic comments on any proposed covered project; 
(ii) ensuring timely decisions regarding envi-
ronmental reviews and authorizations, includ-ing through the development of performance metrics; 
(iii) improving coordination between Federal 
and non-Federal governmental entities, includ-ing through the development of common data standards and terminology across agencies; 
(iv) increasing transparency; (v) reducing information collection require-
ments and other administrative burdens on agencies, project sponsors, and other interested parties; 
(vi) developing and making available to appli-
cants appropriate geographic information sys-tems and other tools; 
(vii) creating and distributing training mate-
rials useful to Federal, State, tribal, and local permitting officials; and 
(viii) addressing other aspects of infrastruc-
ture permitting, as determined by the Council. 
(C) M
EETINGS .—The Council shall meet not 
less frequently than annually with groups or in-dividuals representing State, tribal, and local governments that are engaged in the infrastruc-ture permitting process. 
(3) A
GENCY CERPOS .—An agency CERPO 
shall— 
(A) advise the respective agency 
councilmember on matters related to environ-mental reviews and authorizations; 
(B) provide technical support, when requested 
to facilitate efficient and timely processes for environmental reviews and authorizations for covered projects under the jurisdictional respon-sibility of the agency, including supporting timely identification and resolution of potential disputes within the agency or between the agen-cy and other Federal agencies; 
(C) analyze agency environmental review and 
authorization processes, policies, and authori-ties and make recommendations to the respective 
agency councilmember for ways to standardize, simplify, and improve the efficiency of the proc-esses, policies, and authorities, including by im-plementing guidance issued under paragraph (1)(D) and other best practices, including the use of information technology and geographic information system tools within the agency and across agencies, to the extent consistent with ex-isting law; and 
(D) review and develop training programs for 
agency staff that support and conduct environ-mental reviews or authorizations. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT .—The Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall designate a Federal agency, other than an agency that carries out or provides support only for projects that are not covered projects, to pro-vide administrative support for the Executive Director, and the designated agency shall, as reasonably necessary, provide support and staff to enable the Executive Director to fulfill the duties of the Executive Director under this title. 
SEC. 41003. PERMITTING PROCESS IMPROVE-
MENT. 
(a) P ROJECT INITIATION AND DESIGNATION OF  
PARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
(1) N OTICE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A project sponsor of a cov-
ered project shall submit to the Executive Direc-tor and the facilitating agency notice of the ini-tiation of a proposed covered project. 
(B) D
EFAULT DESIGNATION .—If, at the time of 
submission of the notice under subparagraph (A), the Executive Director has not designated a facilitating agency under section 41002(c)(1)(B) for the categories of projects noticed, the agency that receives the notice under subparagraph (A) shall be designated as the facilitating agency. 
(C) C
ONTENTS .—Each notice described in sub-
paragraph (A) shall include— 
(i) a statement of the purposes and objectives 
of the proposed project; 
(ii) a concise description, including the gen-
eral location of the proposed project and a sum-mary of geospatial information, if available, il-lustrating the project area and the locations, if any, of environmental, cultural, and historic re-sources; 
(iii) a statement regarding the technical and 
financial ability of the project sponsor to con-struct the proposed project; 
(iv) a statement of any Federal financing, en-
vironmental reviews, and authorizations antici-pated to be required to complete the proposed project; and 
(v) an assessment that the proposed project 
meets the definition of a covered project under section 41001 and a statement of reasons sup-porting the assessment. 
(2) I
NVITATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after 
the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the fa-cilitating agency or lead agency, as applicable, shall— 
(i) identify all Federal and non-Federal agen-
cies and governmental entities likely to have fi-nancing, environmental review, authorization, or other responsibilities with respect to the pro-posed project; and 
(ii) invite all Federal agencies identified under 
clause (i) to become a participating agency or a cooperating agency, as appropriate, in the envi-ronmental review and authorization manage-ment process described in section 41005. 
(B) D
EADLINES .—Each invitation made under 
subparagraph (A) shall include a deadline for a response to be submitted to the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable. 
(3) P
ARTICIPATING AND COOPERATING AGEN -
CIES.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An agency invited under 
paragraph (2) shall be designated as a partici-pating or cooperating agency for a covered project, unless the agency informs the facili-tating or lead agency, as applicable, in writing before the deadline under paragraph (2)(B) that 
the agency— 
(i) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-
spect to the proposed project; or 
(ii) does not intend to exercise authority re-
lated to, or submit comments on, the proposed project. 
(B) C
HANGED CIRCUMSTANCES .—On request 
and a showing of changed circumstances, the Executive Director may designate an agency that has opted out under subparagraph (A)(ii) to be a participating or cooperating agency, as appropriate. 
(4) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The designation 
described in paragraph (3) shall not— 
(A) give the participating agency authority or 
jurisdiction over the covered project; or 
(B) expand any jurisdiction or authority a co-
operating agency may have over the proposed project. 
(5) L
EAD AGENCY DESIGNATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On establishment of the lead 
agency, the lead agency shall assume the re-sponsibilities of the facilitating agency under this title. 
(B) R
EDESIGNATION OF FACILITATING AGEN -
CY.—If the lead agency assumes the responsibil-
ities of the facilitating agency under subpara-graph (A), the facilitating agency may be des-ignated as a cooperative or participating agen-cy. 
(6) C
HANGE OF FACILITATING OR LEAD AGEN -
CY.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On the request of a partici-
pating agency or project sponsor, the Executive Director may designate a different agency as the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, for a covered project, if the facilitating or lead agency or the Executive Director receives new informa-tion regarding the scope or nature of a covered project that indicates that the project should be placed in a different category under section 41002(c)(1)(B). 
(B) R
ESOLUTION OF DISPUTE .—The Chairman 
of the Council on Environmental Quality shall resolve any dispute over designation of a facili-tating or lead agency for a particular covered project. 
(b) P
ERMITTING DASHBOARD .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director, in 
coordination with the Administrator of General Services, shall maintain an online database to be known as the ‘‘Permitting Dashboard’’ to track the status of Federal environmental re-views and authorizations for any covered project in the inventory described in section 41002(c)(1)(A). 
(B) S
PECIFIC AND SEARCHABLE ENTRY .—The 
Dashboard shall include a specific and search-able entry for each covered project. 
(2) A
DDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) E XISTING PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 
days after the date on which the Executive Di-rector adds a project to the inventory under sec-tion 41002(c)(1)(A), the Executive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(ii) N
EW PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 days 
after the date on which the Executive Director receives a notice under subsection (a)(1), the Ex-ecutive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project, unless the Executive Director, facilitating agency, or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered project. 
(B) E
XPLANATION .—If the facilitating agency 
or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered project, the project sponsor may submit a further explanation as to why the project is a covered project not later than 14 days after the date of the determination under subparagraph (A). 
(C) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 14 
days after receiving an explanation described in subparagraph (B), the Executive Director shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8792 December 1, 2015 
(i) make a final and conclusive determination 
as to whether the project is a covered project; and 
(ii) if the Executive Director determines that 
the project is a covered project, create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(3) P
OSTINGS BY AGENCIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For each covered project 
added to the Dashboard under paragraph (2), the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, and each cooperating and participating agency shall post to the Dashboard— 
(i) a hyperlink that directs to a website that 
contains, to the extent consistent with applica-ble law— 
(I) the notification submitted under subsection 
(a)(1); 
(II)(aa) where practicable, the application 
and supporting documents, if applicable, that have been submitted by a project sponsor for any required environmental review or author-ization; or 
(bb) a notice explaining how the public may 
obtain access to such documents; 
(III) a description of any Federal agency ac-
tion taken or decision made that materially af-fects the status of a covered project; 
(IV) any significant document that supports 
the action or decision described in subclause (III); and 
(V) a description of the status of any litiga-
tion to which the agency is a party that is di-rectly related to the project, including, if prac-ticable, any judicial document made available on an electronic docket maintained by a Fed-eral, State, or local court; and 
(ii) any document described in clause (i) that 
is not available by hyperlink on another website. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—The information described in 
subparagraph (A) shall be posted to the website made available by hyperlink on the Dashboard not later than 5 business days after the date on which the Federal agency receives the informa-tion. 
(4) P
OSTINGS BY THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
The Executive Director shall publish to the Dashboard— 
(A) the permitting timetable established under 
subparagraph (A) or (C) of subsection (c)(2); 
(B) the status of the compliance of each agen-
cy with the permitting timetable; 
(C) any modifications of the permitting time-
table; 
(D) an explanation of each modification de-
scribed in subparagraph (C); and 
(E) any memorandum of understanding estab-
lished under subsection (c)(3)(B). 
(c) C
OORDINATION AND TIMETABLES .— 
(1) C OORDINATED PROJECT PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in con-sultation with each coordinating and partici-pating agency, shall establish a concise plan for coordinating public and agency participation in, and completion of, any required Federal en-vironmental review and authorization for the project. 
(B) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The Coordi-
nated Project Plan shall include the following information and be updated by the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, at least once per quarter: 
(i) A list of, and roles and responsibilities for, 
all entities with environmental review or au-thorization responsibility for the project. 
(ii) A permitting timetable, as described in 
paragraph (2), setting forth a comprehensive schedule of dates by which all environmental re-views and authorizations, and to the maximum extent practicable, State permits, reviews and approvals must be made. 
(iii) A discussion of potential avoidance, mini-
mization, and mitigation strategies, if required by applicable law and known. (iv) Plans and a schedule for public and tribal 
outreach and coordination, to the extent re-quired by applicable law. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
coordinated project plan described in subpara-graph (A) may be incorporated into a memo-randum of understanding. 
(2) P
ERMITTING TIMETABLE .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .—As part of the coordina-
tion project plan under paragraph (1), the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in con-sultation with each cooperating and partici-pating agency, the project sponsor, and any State in which the project is located, and, sub-ject to subparagraph (C), with the concurrence of each cooperating agency, shall establish a permitting timetable that includes intermediate and final completion dates for action by each participating agency on any Federal environ-mental review or authorization required for the project. 
(B) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab-
lishing the permitting timetable under subpara-graph (A), the facilitating or lead agency shall follow the performance schedules established under section 41002(c)(1)(C), but may vary the timetable based on relevant factors, including— 
(i) the size and complexity of the covered 
project; 
(ii) the resources available to each partici-
pating agency; 
(iii) the regional or national economic signifi-
cance of the project; 
(iv) the sensitivity of the natural or historic 
resources that may be affected by the project; 
(v) the financing plan for the project; and (vi) the extent to which similar projects in ge-
ographic proximity to the project were recently subject to environmental review or similar proce-dures under State law. 
(C) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with appropriate agency CERPOs and the project sponsor, shall, as necessary, me-diate any disputes regarding the permitting timetable referred to under subparagraph (A). 
(ii) D
ISPUTES .—If a dispute remains unre-
solved 30 days after the date on which the dis-pute was submitted to the Executive Director, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality, shall fa-cilitate a resolution of the dispute and direct the agencies party to the dispute to resolve the dis-pute by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the dispute to the Executive Director. 
(iii) F
INAL RESOLUTION .—Any action taken by 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the resolution of a dispute under clause (ii) shall— 
(I) be final and conclusive; and (II) not be subject to judicial review. (D) M
ODIFICATION AFTER APPROVAL .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The facilitating or lead agen-
cy, as applicable, may modify a permitting time-table established under subparagraph (A) only if— 
(I) the facilitating or lead agency, as applica-
ble, and the affected cooperating agencies, after consultation with the participating agencies and the project sponsor, agree to a different completion date; 
(II) the facilitating agency or lead agency, as 
applicable, or the affected cooperating agency provides a written justification for the modifica-tion; and 
(III) in the case of a modification that would 
necessitate an extension of a final completion date under a permitting timetable established under subparagraph (A) to a date more than 30 days after the final completion date originally established under subparagraph (A), the facili-tating or lead agency submits a request to mod-ify the permitting timetable to the Executive Di-rector, who shall consult with the project spon-sor and make a determination on the record, based on consideration of the relevant factors described under subparagraph (B), whether to 
grant the facilitating or lead agency, as applica-ble, authority to make such modification. 
(ii) C
OMPLETION DATE .—A completion date in 
the permitting timetable may not be modified within 30 days of the completion date. 
(iii) L
IMITATION ON LENGTH OF MODIFICA -
TIONS .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
clause (II), the total length of all modifications to a permitting timetable authorized or made under this subparagraph, other than for reasons outside the control of Federal, State, local, or tribal governments, may not extend the permit-ting timetable for a period of time greater than half of the amount of time from the establish-ment of the permitting timetable under subpara-graph (A) to the last final completion date origi-nally established under subparagraph (A). 
(II) A
DDITIONAL EXTENSIONS .—The Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget, after consultation with the project sponsor, may per-mit the Executive Director to authorize addi-tional extensions of a permitting timetable be-yond the limit prescribed by subclause (I). In such a case, the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall transmit, not later than 5 days after making a determination to permit an authorization of extension under this subclause, a report to Congress explaining why such modification is required. Such report shall explain to Congress with specificity why the original permitting timetable and the modifica-tions authorized by the Executive Director failed to be adequate. The lead or facilitating agency, as applicable, shall transmit to Congress, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and the Executive Director a supple-mental report on progress toward the final com-pletion date each year thereafter, until the per-mit review is completed or the project sponsor withdraws its notice or application or other re-quest to which this title applies under section 41010. 
(iv) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—The 
following shall not be subject to judicial review: 
(I) A determination by the Executive Director 
under clause (i)(III). 
(II) A determination under clause (iii)(II) by 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to permit the Executive Director to au-thorize extensions of a permitting timetable. 
(E) C
ONSISTENCY WITH OTHER TIME PERIODS .— 
A permitting timetable established under sub-paragraph (A) shall be consistent with any other relevant time periods established under Federal law and shall not prevent any cooper-ating or participating agency from discharging any obligation under Federal law in connection with the project. 
(F) C
ONFORMING TO PERMITTING TIME -
TABLES .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal agency shall 
conform to the completion dates set forth in the permitting timetable established under subpara-graph (A), or with any completion date modified under subparagraph (D). 
(ii) F
AILURE TO CONFORM .—If a Federal agen-
cy fails to conform with a completion date for agency action on a covered project or is at sig-nificant risk of failing to conform with such a completion date, the agency shall— 
(I) promptly submit to the Executive Director 
for publication on the Dashboard an expla-nation of the specific reasons for failing or sig-nificantly risking failing to conform to the com-pletion date and a proposal for an alternative completion date; 
(II) in consultation with the facilitating or 
lead agency, as applicable, establish an alter-native completion date; and 
(III) each month thereafter until the agency 
has taken final action on the delayed author-ization or review, submit to the Executive Direc-tor for posting on the Dashboard a status report describing any agency activity related to the project. 
(G) A
BANDONMENT OF COVERED PROJECT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8793 December 1, 2015 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the facilitating or lead 
agency, as applicable, has a reasonable basis to doubt the continuing technical or financial abil-ity of the project sponsor to construct the cov-ered project, the facilitating or lead agency may request the project sponsor provide an updated statement regarding the ability of the project sponsor to complete the project. 
(ii) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the project spon-
sor fails to respond to a request described in clause (i) by the date that is 30 days after re-ceiving the request, the lead or facilitating agency, as applicable, shall notify the Executive Director, who shall publish an appropriate no-tice on the Dashboard. 
(iii) P
UBLICATION TO DASHBOARD .—On publi-
cation of a notice under clause (ii), the comple-tion dates in the permitting timetable shall be tolled and agencies shall be relieved of the obli-gation to comply with subparagraph (F) until such time as the project sponsor submits to the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, an updated statement regarding the technical and financial ability of the project sponsor to con-struct the project. 
(3) C
OOPERATING STATE , LOCAL , OR TRIBAL  
GOVERNMENTS .— 
(A) S TATE AUTHORITY .—If the Federal envi-
ronmental review is being implemented within the boundaries of a State, the State, consistent with State law, may choose to participate in the environmental review and authorization process under this subsection and to make subject to the process all State agencies that— 
(i) have jurisdiction over the covered project; (ii) are required to conduct or issue a review, 
analysis, opinion, or statement for the covered project; or 
(iii) are required to make a determination on 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the covered project. 
(B) C
OORDINATION .—To the maximum extent 
practicable under applicable law, the facili-tating or lead agency, as applicable, shall co-ordinate the Federal environmental review and authorization processes under this subsection with any State, local, or tribal agency respon-sible for conducting any separate review or au-thorization of the covered project to ensure time-ly and efficient completion of environmental re-views and authorizations. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Any coordination plan be-
tween the facilitating or lead agency, as appli-cable, and any State, local, or tribal agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be in-cluded in a memorandum of understanding. 
(ii) S
UBMISSION TO EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The 
facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, shall submit to the Executive Director each memo-randum of understanding described in clause (i). 
(D) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirements under 
this title shall only apply to a State or an au-thorization issued by a State if the State has chosen to participate in the environmental re-view and authorization process pursuant to this paragraph. 
(d) E
ARLY CONSULTATION .—The facilitating or 
lead agency, as applicable, shall provide an ex-peditious process for project sponsors to confer with each cooperating and participating agency involved and, not later than 60 days after the date on which the project sponsor submits a re-quest under this subsection, to have each such agency provide to the project sponsor informa-tion concerning— 
(1) the availability of information and tools, 
including pre-application toolkits, to facilitate early planning efforts; 
(2) key issues of concern to each agency and 
to the public; and 
(3) issues that must be addressed before an en-
vironmental review or authorization can be com-pleted. 
(e) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A lead agency may designate 
a participating agency as a cooperating agency in accordance with part 1501 of title 40, Code of 
Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
(2) E FFECT ON OTHER DESIGNATION .—The des-
ignation described in paragraph (1) shall not af-fect any designation under subsection (a)(3). 
(3) L
IMITATION ON DESIGNATION .—Any agency 
not designated as a participating agency under subsection (a)(3) shall not be designated as a co-operating agency under paragraph (1). 
(f) R
EPORTING STATUS OF OTHER PROJECTS ON  
DASHBOARD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On request of the Executive 
Director, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army shall use best efforts to provide informa-tion for inclusion on the Dashboard on projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, and section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) likely to require— 
(A) a total investment of more than 
$200,000,000; and 
(B) an environmental impact statement under 
NEPA. 
(2) E
FFECT OF INCLUSION ON DASHBOARD .—In-
clusion on the Dashboard of information regard-ing projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, or section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) shall not subject those projects to any re-quirements of this title. 
SEC. 41004. INTERSTATE COMPACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The consent of Congress is 
given for 3 or more contiguous States to enter into an interstate compact establishing regional infrastructure development agencies to facilitate authorization and review of covered projects, under State law or in the exercise of delegated permitting authority described under section 41006, that will advance infrastructure develop-ment, production, and generation within the States that are parties to the compact. 
(b) R
EGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—For the pur-
pose of this title, a regional infrastructure devel-opment agency referred to in subsection (a) shall have the same authorities and responsibil-ities of a State agency. 
SEC. 41005. COORDINATION OF REQUIRED RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) C ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—To integrate envi-
ronmental reviews and authorizations, each agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— 
(1) carry out the obligations of the agency 
with respect to a covered project under any other applicable law concurrently, and in con-junction with, other environmental reviews and authorizations being conducted by other cooper-ating or participating agencies, including envi-ronmental reviews and authorizations required under NEPA, unless the agency determines that doing so would impair the ability of the agency to carry out the statutory obligations of the agency; and 
(2) formulate and implement administrative, 
policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environ-mental review process in a timely, coordinated, and environmentally responsible manner. 
(b) A
DOPTION , INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE , 
ANDUSE OF DOCUMENTS .— 
(1) S TATE ENVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENTS ; SUP-
PLEMENTAL DOCUMENTS .— 
(A) U SE OF EXISTING DOCUMENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—On the request of a project 
sponsor, a lead agency shall consider and, as appropriate, adopt or incorporate by reference, the analysis and documentation that has been prepared for a covered project under State laws and procedures as the documentation, or part of the documentation, required to complete an en-vironmental review for the covered project, if the analysis and documentation were, as deter-mined by the lead agency in consultation with the Council on Environmental Quality, pre-pared under circumstances that allowed for op-portunities for public participation and consid-eration of alternatives, environmental con-sequences, and other required analyses that are 
substantially equivalent to what would have been available had the documents and analysis been prepared by a Federal agency pursuant to NEPA. 
(ii) G
UIDANCE BY CEQ .—The Council on Envi-
ronmental Quality may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
(B) NEPA 
OBLIGATIONS .—An environmental 
document adopted under subparagraph (A) or a document that includes documentation incor-porated under subparagraph (A) may serve as the documentation required for an environ-mental review or a supplemental environmental review required to be prepared by a lead agency under NEPA. 
(C) S
UPPLEMENTATION OF STATE DOCU -
MENTS .—If the lead agency adopts or incor-
porates analysis and documentation described in subparagraph (A), the lead agency shall pre-pare and publish a supplemental document if the lead agency determines that during the pe-riod after preparation of the analysis and docu-mentation and before the adoption or incorpora-tion— 
(i) a significant change has been made to the 
covered project that is relevant for purposes of environmental review of the project; or 
(ii) there has been a significant circumstance 
or new information has emerged that is relevant to the environmental review for the covered project. 
(D) C
OMMENTS .—If a lead agency prepares 
and publishes a supplemental document under subparagraph (C), the lead agency shall solicit comments from other agencies and the public on the supplemental document for a period of not more than 45 days, beginning on the date on which the supplemental document is published, unless— 
(i) the lead agency, the project sponsor, and 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer dead-line; or 
(ii) the lead agency extends the deadline for 
good cause. 
(E) N
OTICE OF OUTCOME OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
REVIEW .—A lead agency shall issue a record of 
decision or finding of no significant impact, as appropriate, based on the document adopted under subparagraph (A) and any supplemental document prepared under subparagraph (C). 
(c) A
LTERNATIVES ANALYSIS .— 
(1) P ARTICIPATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—As early as practicable dur-
ing the environmental review, but not later than the commencement of scoping for a project re-quiring the preparation of an environmental im-pact statement, the lead agency shall engage the cooperating agencies and the public to deter-mine the range of reasonable alternatives to be considered for a covered project. 
(B) D
ETERMINATION .—The determination 
under subparagraph (A) shall be completed not later than the completion of scoping. 
(2) R
ANGE OF ALTERNATIVES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Following participation 
under paragraph (1) and subject to subpara-graph (B), the lead agency shall determine the range of reasonable alternatives for consider-ation in any document that the lead agency is responsible for preparing for the covered project. 
(B) A
LTERNATIVES REQUIRED BY LAW .—In de-
termining the range of alternatives under sub-paragraph (A), the lead agency shall include all alternatives required to be considered by law. 
(3) M
ETHODOLOGIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall deter-
mine, in collaboration with each cooperating agency at appropriate times during the environ-
mental review, the methodologies to be used and the level of detail required in the analysis of each alternative for a covered project. 
(B) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—A cooperating 
agency shall use the methodologies referred to in subparagraph (A) when conducting any re-quired environmental review, to the extent con-sistent with existing law. 
(4) P
REFERRED ALTERNATIVE .—With the con-
currence of the cooperating agencies with juris-diction under Federal law and at the discretion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8794 December 1, 2015 
of the lead agency, the preferred alternative for 
a project, after being identified, may be devel-oped to a higher level of detail than other alter-natives to facilitate the development of mitiga-tion measures or concurrent compliance with other applicable laws if the lead agency deter-mines that the development of the higher level of detail will not prevent— 
(A) the lead agency from making an impartial 
decision as to whether to accept another alter-native that is being considered in the environ-mental review; and 
(B) the public from commenting on the pre-
ferred and other alternatives. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW COMMENTS .— 
(1) C OMMENTS ON DRAFT ENVIRONMENTAL IM -
PACT STATEMENT .—For comments by an agency 
or the public on a draft environmental impact statement, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after the date on which a no-tice announcing availability of the environ-mental impact statement is published in the Federal Register, unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, and 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer dead-line; or 
(B) the lead agency, in consultation with each 
cooperating agency, extends the deadline for good cause. 
(2) O
THER REVIEW AND COMMENT PERIODS .— 
For all other review or comment periods in the environmental review process described in parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not more than 45 days after the date on which the materials on which comment is requested are made available, unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, and 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer dead-line; or 
(B) the lead agency extends the deadline for 
good cause. 
(e) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
(1) C OOPERATION .—The lead agency and each 
cooperating and participating agency shall work cooperatively in accordance with this sec-tion to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of an environmental review or an authorization required for the project under applicable law or result in the denial of any ap-proval under applicable law. 
(2) L
EAD AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall make 
information available to each cooperating and participating agency and project sponsor as early as practicable in the environmental review regarding the environmental, historic, and so-cioeconomic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alter-natives under consideration. 
(B) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—The informa-
tion described in subparagraph (A) may be based on existing data sources, including geo-graphic information systems mapping. 
(3) C
OOPERATING AND PARTICIPATING AGENCY  
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Each cooperating and par-
ticipating agency shall— 
(A) identify, as early as practicable, any 
issues of concern regarding any potential envi-ronmental impacts of the covered project, in-cluding any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from completing any environmental review or authorization required for the project; and 
(B) communicate any issues described in sub-
paragraph (A) to the project sponsor. 
(f) C
ATEGORIES OF PROJECTS .—The authorities 
granted under this section may be exercised for an individual covered project or a category of covered projects. 
SEC. 41006. DELEGATED STATE PERMITTING PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a Federal statute permits 
a Federal agency to delegate to or otherwise au-thorize a State to issue or otherwise administer a permit program in lieu of the Federal agency, the Federal agency with authority to carry out 
the statute shall— 
(1) on publication by the Council of best prac-
tices under section 41002(c)(2)(B), initiate a na-tional process, with public participation, to de-termine whether and the extent to which any of the best practices are generally applicable on a delegation- or authorization-wide basis to per-mitting under the statute; and 
(2) not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, make model recommenda-tions for State modifications of the applicable permit program to reflect the best practices de-scribed in section 41002(c)(2)(B), as appropriate. 
(b) B
ESTPRACTICES .—Lead and cooperating 
agencies may share with State, tribal, and local authorities best practices involved in review of covered projects and invite input from State, tribal, and local authorities regarding best prac-tices. 
SEC. 41007. LITIGATION, JUDICIAL REVIEW, AND 
SAVINGS PROVISION. 
(a) L IMITATIONS ON CLAIMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of any authorization issued by a Federal agency for a covered project shall be barred unless— 
(A) the action is filed not later than 2 years 
after the date of publication in the Federal Reg-ister of the final record of decision or approval or denial of a permit, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which judi-cial review is allowed; and 
(B) in the case of an action pertaining to an 
environmental review conducted under NEPA— 
(i) the action is filed by a party that submitted 
a comment during the environmental review; and 
(ii) any commenter filed a sufficiently detailed 
comment so as to put the lead agency on notice of the issue on which the party seeks judicial re-view, or the lead agency did not provide a rea-sonable opportunity for such a comment on that issue. 
(2) N
EW INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of a lead agency 
or participating agency shall consider new in-formation received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the require-ments under regulations implementing NEPA. 
(B) S
EPARATE ACTION .—If Federal law re-
quires the preparation of a supplemental envi-ronmental impact statement or other supple-mental environmental document, the prepara-tion of such document shall be considered a sep-arate final agency action and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial review of the agency action shall be 2 years after the date on which a notice announcing the final agency action is published in the Federal Register, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which judicial review is allowed. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of an authorization. 
(b) P
RELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF .—In ad-
dition to considering any other applicable equi-table factors, in any action seeking a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction against an agency or a project sponsor in con-nection with review or authorization of a cov-ered project, the court shall— 
(1) consider the potential effects on public 
health, safety, and the environment, and the potential for significant negative effects on jobs resulting from an order or injunction; and 
(2) not presume that the harms described in 
paragraph (1) are reparable. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except as provided in 
subsection (a), nothing in this title affects the reviewability of any final Federal agency action in a court of competent jurisdiction. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this title— 
(1) supersedes, amends, or modifies any Fed-
eral statute or affects the responsibility of any Federal officer to comply with or enforce any statute; or (2) creates a presumption that a covered 
project will be approved or favorably reviewed by any agency. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section pre-
empts, limits, or interferes with— 
(1) any practice of seeking, considering, or re-
sponding to public comment; or 
(2) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, or 
authority that a Federal, State, or local govern-mental agency, metropolitan planning organiza-tion, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provisions of law applicable to any project, plan, or program. 
SEC. 41008. REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 15 of 
each year for 10 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Director shall submit to Congress a report detailing the progress accomplished under this title during the previous fiscal year. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in para-
graph (1) shall assess the performance of each participating agency and lead agency based on the best practices described in section 41002(c)(2)(B), including— 
(A) agency progress in making improvements 
consistent with those best practices; and 
(B) agency compliance with the performance 
schedules established under section 41002(c)(1)(C). 
(3) O
PPORTUNITY TO INCLUDE COMMENTS .— 
Each councilmember, with input from the re-spective agency CERPO, shall have the oppor-tunity to include comments concerning the per-formance of the agency in the report described in paragraph (1). 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not 
later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that de-scribes— 
(1) agency progress in making improvements 
consistent with the best practices issued under section 41002(c)(2)(B); and 
(2) agency compliance with the performance 
schedules established under section 41002(c)(1)(C). 
SEC. 41009. FUNDING FOR GOVERNANCE, OVER-
SIGHT, AND PROCESSING OF ENVI-RONMENTAL REVIEWS AND PER-MITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The heads of agencies listed 
in section 41002(b)(2)(B), with the guidance of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and in consultation with the Executive Director, may, after public notice and oppor-tunity for comment, issue regulations estab-lishing a fee structure for project proponents to reimburse the United States for reasonable costs incurred in conducting environmental reviews and authorizations for covered projects. 
(b) R
EASONABLE COSTS.—As used in this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘reasonable costs’’ shall include costs to implement the requirements and au-thorities required under sections 41002 and 41003, including the costs to agencies and the costs of operating the Council. 
(c) F
EESTRUCTURE .—The fee structure estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be developed in consultation with affected 
project proponents, industries, and other stake-
holders; 
(2) exclude parties for which the fee would im-
pose an undue financial burden or is otherwise determined to be inappropriate; and 
(3) be established in a manner that ensures 
that the aggregate amount of fees collected for a fiscal year is estimated not to exceed 20 per-cent of the total estimated costs for the fiscal year for the resources allocated for the conduct of the environmental reviews and authorizations covered by this title, as determined by the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW AND PERMITTING  
IMPROVEMENT FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—All amounts collected pursu-
ant to this section shall be deposited into a sep-arate fund in the Treasury of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8795 December 1, 2015 
to be known as the ‘‘Environmental Review Im-
provement Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’). 
(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the Fund shall 
be available to the Executive Director, without appropriation or fiscal year limitation, solely for the purposes of administering, implementing, and enforcing this title, including the expenses of the Council. 
(3) T
RANSFER .—The Executive Director, with 
the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may transfer amounts in the Fund to other agencies to facilitate timely and efficient environmental reviews and author-izations for proposed covered projects. 
(e) E
FFECT ON PERMITTING .—The regulations 
adopted pursuant to subsection (a) shall ensure that the use of funds accepted under subsection (d) will not impact impartial decision-making with respect to environmental reviews or au-thorizations, either substantively or proce-durally. 
(f) T
RANSFER OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The heads of agencies listed 
in section 41002(b)(2)(B) shall have the author-ity to transfer, in accordance with section 1535 of title 31, United States Code, funds appro-priated to those agencies and not otherwise obli-gated to other affected Federal agencies for the purpose of implementing the provisions of this title. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Appropriations under title 
23, United States Code and appropriations for the civil works program of the Army Corps of Engineers shall not be available for transfer under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 41010. APPLICATION. 
This title applies to any covered project for 
which— 
(1) a notice is filed under section 41003(a)(1); 
or 
(2) an application or other request for a Fed-
eral authorization is pending before a Federal agency 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 41011. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that includes an analysis of whether the provi-sions of this title could be adapted to streamline the Federal permitting process for smaller projects that are not covered projects. 
SEC. 41012. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Nothing in this title amends the National En-
vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SEC. 41013. SUNSET. 
This title shall terminate 7 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 41014. PLACEMENT. 
The Office of the Law Revision Counsel is di-
rected to place sections 41001 through 41013 of this title in chapter 55 of title 42, United States Code, as subchapter IV. 
TITLE XLII—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 42001. GAO REPORT ON REFUNDS TO REG-
ISTERED VENDORS OF KEROSENE USED IN NONCOMMERCIAL AVIA-TION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
(1) conduct a study regarding payments made 
to vendors of kerosene used in noncommercial aviation under section 6427(l)(4)(C)(ii) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and 
(2) submit to the appropriate committees of 
Congress a report describing the results of such study, which shall include estimates of— 
(A) the number of vendors of kerosene used in 
noncommercial aviation who are registered under section 4101 of such Code; 
(B) the number of vendors of kerosene used in 
noncommercial aviation who are not so reg-istered; (C) the number of vendors described in sub-
paragraph (A) who receive payments under sec-tion 6427(l)(4)(C)(ii) of such Code; 
(D) the excess of— (i) the amount of payments which would be 
made under section 6427(l)(4)(C)(ii) of such Code if all vendors of kerosene used in noncommercial aviation were registered and filed claims for such payments, over 
(ii) the amount of payments actually made 
under such section; and 
(E) the number of cases of diesel truck opera-
tors fraudulently using kerosene taxed for use in aviation. 
TITLE XLIII—PAYMENTS TO CERTIFIED 
STATES AND INDIAN TRIBES 
SEC. 43001. PAYMENTS FROM ABANDONED MINE 
RECLAMATION FUND. 
Section 411(h) of the Surface Mining Control 
and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1240a(h)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C)— (A) by striking ‘‘Payments’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Payments’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN PAYMENTS REQUIRED .—Not with-
standing any other provision of this Act, as soon as practicable, but not later than December 10, 2015, of the 7 equal installments referred to in clause (i), the Secretary shall pay to any cer-tified State or Indian tribe to which the total annual payment under this subsection was lim-ited to $15,000,000 in 2013 and $28,000,000 in fis-cal year 2014— 
‘‘(I) the final 2 installments in 2 separate pay-
ments of $82,700,000 each; and 
‘‘(II) 2 separate payments of $38,250,000 
each.’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (5) and (6). 
DIVISION E—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 50001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Export-Im-
port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE LI—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PROVI-
SIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
SEC. 51001. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F
REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF DEFAULT  
RATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the rate cal-
culated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 percent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insurance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under section 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 51002. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank shall 
build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guarantees, and insur-ance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment 
of this Act. 
SEC. 51003. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank Re-
authorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not later 
than 4 years after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and ef-
fectiveness of the controls used by the Export- Import Bank of the United States to prevent, de-tect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the controls, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such rec-ommendations with respect to the controls de-scribed in paragraph (1) as the Comptroller Gen-eral deems appropriate to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 51004. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an 
Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
‘‘(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Export- Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have expe-
rience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position requir-
ing appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the des-ignated agency ethics official for the Bank pur-suant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has juris-
diction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect to employees of the Bank, the Office of Ethics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to es-
tablish or enforce standards of official conduct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct applica-
ble to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct estab-
lished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a violation of any law applicable to the performance of offi-cial duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding the 
propriety of any current or proposed conduct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as nec-essary.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8796 December 1, 2015 
SEC. 51005. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 91004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be a Chief Risk 
Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk within 
the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Export- Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the general 
management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, financial risk evalua-tion practices in large governmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position requir-
ing appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk Of-
ficer are— 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters related to 
managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of management compliance with risk limits, and the manage-ment of risk exposures and risk controls across the Bank; 
‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management activi-ties, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and man-aging internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk assess-
ment and underwriting for individual trans-actions considers how each such transaction considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the overall port-folio of the Bank, taking into account fees, collateralization, and historic default rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by the 
Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 51006. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 91004 and 91005, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a 
management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the mem-bers of the Board of Directors, with the Presi-dent and First Vice President of the Bank serv-ing as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Manage-
ment Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the Office 
of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire Bank 
portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of commercial and multi-lateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geographic, 
and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the de-
fault rate of the Bank before submission to Con-gress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Board of Directors of the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 51007. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the Ex-
port-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, in-cluding a review of the implementation by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(l) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section 51005. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years thereafter, the In-spector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in carrying out subsection (a). 
SEC. 51008. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any provi-
sion of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associ-ated with the provision of guarantees, insur-ance, or credit, or the participation in the exten-sion of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT .— 
The aggregate amount of liability the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed $1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into under subsection (a) during that fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year preceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to affect, impede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program carried 
out under subsection (a) shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
TITLE LII—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
SEC. 52001. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of the 
Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 52002. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL- 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL - AND 
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall in-
clude in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the programs of the Bank for United States businesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United 
States submitted to Congress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE LIII—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
SEC. 53001. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank Act 
of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date of 
the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Re-form and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with re-
spect to transactions whenever possible, includ-ing copies of bills of lading, certifications, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal en-forcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all of its 
programs.’’. 
SEC. 53002. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 1945 
(12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 
and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
TITLE LIV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 54001. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of Pub-
lic Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Export- Import Bank of the United States expires under section 7 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 54002. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERM FINANC -
ING.—Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more than 
$25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING TO  
INSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS.—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section 11(a)(1)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i–5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pur-suant to international agreements, including the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8797 December 1, 2015 
Common Approaches for Officially Supported 
Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-manage-ment framework adopted by financial institu-tions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (com-monly referred to as the ‘Equator Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
TITLE LV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 55001. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED 
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this 
Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing based 
solely on the industry, sector, or business that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies that 
discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or business that the ap-plication concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions under 
paragraph (1) apply only to applications for fi-nancing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or trans-mission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regardless of the energy source in-volved.’’. 
SEC. 55002. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT 
CREDIT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of eliminating’’ 
and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, be-fore the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Re-form and Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strategy for achiev-ing the proposal, that the United States Govern-ment will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non- OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-financ-ing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export sub-sidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD M EM-
BERS.—The President shall initiate and pursue 
negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilat-eral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported export credits. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NEGO-
TIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through calendar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report 
on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports required to be sub-mitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 55003. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF BANK 
PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank of the 
United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by companies that export in-formation and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall exam-ine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of information and communications technology services and re-lated goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase exports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and communica-tions technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit agen-
cies to facilitate the export of information and communications technology services and related goods. 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank could 
provide additional financing for the exportation of information and communications technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export credit agencies and other third parties. 
(5) Proposals for new products the Bank could 
offer to provide financing for exports of infor-mation and communications technology services and related goods, including— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would need 
additional authority to offer new products to meet the needs of the information and commu-nications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law that 
would enable the Bank to provide increased fi-nancing for exports of information and commu-nications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable the 
Bank to provide increased outreach to the infor-mation and communications technology indus-try about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law that 
would enable the Bank to provide the financing to build information and communications tech-nology infrastructure, in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access opportunities for United States information and communications tech-nology companies to provide services on the in-frastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
DIVISION F—ENERGY SECURITY 
SEC. 61001. EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FOR EN-
ERGY SUPPLY DISRUPTIONS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that recent nat-
ural disasters have underscored the importance of having resilient oil and natural gas infra-structure and effective ways for industry and government to communicate to address energy supply disruptions. (b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR ACTIVITIES TO EN-
HANCE EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FOR NATURAL  
DISASTERS .—The Secretary of Energy shall de-
velop and adopt procedures to— 
(1) improve communication and coordination 
between the Department of Energy’s energy re-sponse team, Federal partners, and industry; 
(2) leverage the Energy Information Adminis-
tration’s subject matter expertise within the De-partment’s energy response team to improve sup-ply chain situation assessments; 
(3) establish company liaisons and direct com-
munication with the Department’s energy re-sponse team to improve situation assessments; 
(4) streamline and enhance processes for ob-
taining temporary regulatory relief to speed up emergency response and recovery; 
(5) facilitate and increase engagement among 
States, the oil and natural gas industry, and the Department in developing State and local en-ergy assurance plans; 
(6) establish routine education and training 
programs for key government emergency re-sponse positions with the Department and States; and 
(7) involve States and the oil and natural gas 
industry in comprehensive drill and exercise programs. 
(c) C
OOPERATION .—The activities carried out 
under subsection (b) shall include collaborative efforts with State and local government officials and the private sector. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the effectiveness of the activities au-thorized under this section. 
SEC. 61002. RESOLVING ENVIRONMENTAL AND 
GRID RELIABILITY CONFLICTS. 
(a) C OMPLIANCE WITH OR VIOLATION OF ENVI-
RONMENTAL LAWS WHILE UNDER EMERGENCY  
ORDER .—Section 202(c) of the Federal Power 
Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(c)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(c)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) With respect to an order issued under this 
subsection that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local envi-ronmental law or regulation, the Commission shall ensure that such order requires genera-tion, delivery, interchange, or transmission of electric energy only during hours necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public inter-est, and, to the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with any applicable Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation and mini-mizes any adverse environmental impacts. 
‘‘(3) To the extent any omission or action 
taken by a party, that is necessary to comply with an order issued under this subsection, in-cluding any omission or action taken to volun-tarily comply with such order, results in non-compliance with, or causes such party to not comply with, any Federal, State, or local envi-ronmental law or regulation, such omission or action shall not be considered a violation of such environmental law or regulation, or subject such party to any requirement, civil or criminal liability, or a citizen suit under such environ-mental law or regulation. 
‘‘(4)(A) An order issued under this subsection 
that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation shall expire not later than 90 days after it is issued. The Commission may renew or reissue such order pursuant to para-graphs (1) and (2) for subsequent periods, not to exceed 90 days for each period, as the Commis-sion determines necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public interest. 
‘‘(B) In renewing or reissuing an order under 
subparagraph (A), the Commission shall consult with the primary Federal agency with expertise in the environmental interest protected by such law or regulation, and shall include in any such renewed or reissued order such conditions as such Federal agency determines necessary to minimize any adverse environmental impacts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8798 December 1, 2015 
the extent practicable. The conditions, if any, 
submitted by such Federal agency shall be made available to the public. The Commission may ex-clude such a condition from the renewed or re-issued order if it determines that such condition would prevent the order from adequately ad-dressing the emergency necessitating such order and provides in the order, or otherwise makes publicly available, an explanation of such deter-mination. 
‘‘(5) If an order issued under this subsection is 
subsequently stayed, modified, or set aside by a court pursuant to section 313 or any other provi-sion of law, any omission or action previously taken by a party that was necessary to comply with the order while the order was in effect, in-cluding any omission or action taken to volun-tarily comply with the order, shall remain sub-ject to paragraph (3).’’. 
(b) T
EMPORARY CONNECTION OR CONSTRUC -
TION BY MUNICIPALITIES .—Section 202(d) of the 
Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(d)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘or municipality’’ before ‘‘en-gaged in the transmission or sale of electric en-ergy’’. 
SEC. 61003. CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC-
TURE SECURITY. 
(a) C RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE SECU-
RITY.—Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 
U.S.C. 824 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 215 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 215A. CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC-
TURE SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
‘‘(1) B ULK-POWER SYSTEM ; ELECTRIC RELI -
ABILITY ORGANIZATION ; REGIONAL ENTITY .—The 
terms ‘bulk-power system’, ‘Electric Reliability Organization’, and ‘regional entity’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (1), (2), and (7) of section 215(a), respectively. 
‘‘(2) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
The term ‘critical electric infrastructure’ means a system or asset of the bulk-power system, whether physical or virtual, the incapacity or destruction of which would negatively affect national security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of such matters. 
‘‘(3) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN -
FORMATION .—The term ‘critical electric infra-
structure information’ means information re-lated to critical electric infrastructure, or pro-posed critical electrical infrastructure, gen-erated by or provided to the Commission or other Federal agency, other than classified national security information, that is designated as crit-ical electric infrastructure information by the Commission or the Secretary pursuant to sub-section (d). Such term includes information that qualifies as critical energy infrastructure infor-mation under the Commission’s regulations. 
‘‘(4) D
EFENSE CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—The term ‘defense critical electric infra-
structure’ means any electric infrastructure lo-cated in any of the 48 contiguous States or the District of Columbia that serves a facility des-ignated by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (c), but is not owned or operated by the owner or operator of such facility. 
‘‘(5) E
LECTROMAGNETIC PULSE .—The term 
‘electromagnetic pulse’ means 1 or more pulses of electromagnetic energy emitted by a device capable of disabling or disrupting operation of, or destroying, electronic devices or communica-tions networks, including hardware, software, and data, by means of such a pulse. 
‘‘(6) G
EOMAGNETIC STORM .—The term ‘geo-
magnetic storm’ means a temporary disturbance of the Earth’s magnetic field resulting from solar activity. 
‘‘(7) G
RID SECURITY EMERGENCY .—The term 
‘grid security emergency’ means the occurrence or imminent danger of— 
‘‘(A)(i) a malicious act using electronic com-
munication or an electromagnetic pulse, or a geomagnetic storm event, that could disrupt the operation of those electronic devices or commu-
nications networks, including hardware, soft-ware, and data, that are essential to the reli-ability of critical electric infrastructure or of de-fense critical electric infrastructure; and 
‘‘(ii) disruption of the operation of such de-
vices or networks, with significant adverse ef-fects on the reliability of critical electric infra-structure or of defense critical electric infra-structure, as a result of such act or event; or 
‘‘(B)(i) a direct physical attack on critical 
electric infrastructure or on defense critical elec-tric infrastructure; and 
‘‘(ii) significant adverse effects on the reli-
ability of critical electric infrastructure or of de-fense critical electric infrastructure as a result of such physical attack. 
‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
‘‘(b) A UTHORITY TO ADDRESS GRIDSECURITY  
EMERGENCY .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—Whenever the President 
issues and provides to the Secretary a written directive or determination identifying a grid se-curity emergency, the Secretary may, with or without notice, hearing, or report, issue such or-ders for emergency measures as are necessary in the judgment of the Secretary to protect or re-store the reliability of critical electric infrastruc-ture or of defense critical electric infrastructure during such emergency. As soon as practicable but not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Secretary shall, after notice and opportunity for comment, estab-lish rules of procedure that ensure that such au-thority can be exercised expeditiously. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION OF CONGRESS .—Whenever 
the President issues and provides to the Sec-retary a written directive or determination under paragraph (1), the President shall promptly notify congressional committees of rel-evant jurisdiction, including the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, of the contents of, and justification for, such directive or deter-mination. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—Before issuing an order 
for emergency measures under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable in light of the nature of the grid security emer-gency and the urgency of the need for action, consult with appropriate governmental authori-ties in Canada and Mexico, entities described in paragraph (4), the Electricity Sub-sector Coordi-nating Council, the Commission, and other ap-propriate Federal agencies regarding implemen-tation of such emergency measures. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—An order for emergency 
measures under this subsection may apply to— 
‘‘(A) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(B) a regional entity; or ‘‘(C) any owner, user, or operator of critical 
electric infrastructure or of defense critical elec-tric infrastructure within the United States. 
‘‘(5) E
XPIRATION AND REISSUANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), an order for emergency measures issued under paragraph (1) shall expire no later than 15 days after its issuance. 
‘‘(B) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary may reissue 
an order for emergency measures issued under paragraph (1) for subsequent periods, not to ex-ceed 15 days for each such period, provided that the President, for each such period, issues and provides to the Secretary a written directive or determination that the grid security emergency identified under paragraph (1) continues to exist or that the emergency measure continues to be required. 
‘‘(6) C
OST RECOVERY .— 
‘‘(A) C RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .—If 
the Commission determines that owners, opera-tors, or users of critical electric infrastructure have incurred substantial costs to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under this subsection and that such costs were pru-dently incurred and cannot reasonably be recov-ered through regulated rates or market prices 
for the electric energy or services sold by such owners, operators, or users, the Commission shall, consistent with the requirements of sec-tion 205, after notice and an opportunity for comment, establish a mechanism that permits such owners, operators, or users to recover such costs. 
‘‘(B) D
EFENSE CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—To the extent the owner or operator of 
defense critical electric infrastructure is re-quired to take emergency measures pursuant to an order issued under this subsection, the own-ers or operators of a critical defense facility or facilities designated by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (c) that rely upon such infrastruc-ture shall bear the full incremental costs of the measures. 
‘‘(7) T
EMPORARY ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFOR -
MATION .—The Secretary, and other appropriate 
Federal agencies, shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified information, provide temporary access to classified information related to a grid secu-rity emergency for which emergency measures are issued under paragraph (1) to key personnel of any entity subject to such emergency meas-ures to enable optimum communication between the entity and the Secretary and other appro-priate Federal agencies regarding the grid secu-rity emergency. 
‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION OF CRITICAL DEFENSE FA-
CILITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or oper-ators of infrastructure that may be defense crit-ical electric infrastructure, shall identify and designate facilities located in the 48 contiguous States and the District of Columbia that are— 
‘‘(1) critical to the defense of the United 
States; and 
‘‘(2) vulnerable to a disruption of the supply 
of electric energy provided to such facility by an external provider. 
The Secretary may, in consultation with appro-
priate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or operators of defense critical electric in-frastructure, periodically revise the list of des-ignated facilities as necessary. 
‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  
ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) P ROTECTION OF CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRA -
STRUCTURE INFORMATION .—Critical electric in-
frastructure information— 
‘‘(A) shall be exempt from disclosure under 
section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(B) shall not be made available by any Fed-
eral, State, political subdivision or tribal au-thority pursuant to any Federal, State, political subdivision or tribal law requiring public disclo-sure of information or records. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  
ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .—Not 
later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission, after consulta-tion with the Secretary, shall promulgate such regulations as necessary to— 
‘‘(A) establish criteria and procedures to des-
ignate information as critical electric infrastruc-ture information; 
‘‘(B) prohibit the unauthorized disclosure of 
critical electric infrastructure information; 
‘‘(C) ensure there are appropriate sanctions in 
place for Commissioners, officers, employees, or agents of the Commission or the Department of Energy who knowingly and willfully disclose critical electric infrastructure information in a manner that is not authorized under this sec-tion; and 
‘‘(D) taking into account standards of the 
Electric Reliability Organization, facilitate vol-untary sharing of critical electric infrastructure information with, between, and by— 
‘‘(i) Federal, State, political subdivision, and 
tribal authorities; 
‘‘(ii) the Electric Reliability Organization; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8799 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(iii) regional entities; 
‘‘(iv) information sharing and analysis centers 
established pursuant to Presidential Decision Directive 63; 
‘‘(v) owners, operators, and users of critical 
electric infrastructure in the United States; and 
‘‘(vi) other entities determined appropriate by 
the Commission. 
‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY TO DESIGNATE .—Information 
may be designated by the Commission or the Secretary as critical electric infrastructure in-formation pursuant to the criteria and proce-dures established by the Commission under paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In exercising their re-
spective authorities under this subsection, the Commission and the Secretary shall take into consideration the role of State commissions in reviewing the prudence and cost of investments, determining the rates and terms of conditions for electric services, and ensuring the safety and reliability of the bulk-power system and dis-tribution facilities within their respective juris-dictions. 
‘‘(5) P
ROTOCOLS .—The Commission and the 
Secretary shall, in consultation with Canadian and Mexican authorities, develop protocols for the voluntary sharing of critical electric infra-structure information with Canadian and Mexi-can authorities and owners, operators, and users of the bulk-power system outside the United States. 
‘‘(6) N
O REQUIRED SHARING OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this section shall require a person or entity in possession of critical electric infra-structure information to share such information with Federal, State, political subdivision, or tribal authorities, or any other person or entity. 
‘‘(7) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO CON -
GRESS .—Nothing in this section shall permit or 
authorize the withholding of information from Congress, any committee or subcommittee there-of, or the Comptroller General. 
‘‘(8) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPROTECTED INFORMA -
TION.—In implementing this section, the Com-
mission and the Secretary shall segregate crit-ical electric infrastructure information or infor-mation that reasonably could be expected to lead to the disclosure of the critical electric in-frastructure information within documents and electronic communications, wherever feasible, to facilitate disclosure of information that is not designated as critical electric infrastructure in-formation. 
‘‘(9) D
URATION OF DESIGNATION .—Information 
may not be designated as critical electric infra-structure information for longer than 5 years, unless specifically re-designated by the Commis-sion or the Secretary, as appropriate. 
‘‘(10) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—The Com-
mission or the Secretary, as appropriate, shall remove the designation of critical electric infra-structure information, in whole or in part, from a document or electronic communication if the Commission or the Secretary, as appropriate, de-termines that the unauthorized disclosure of such information could no longer be used to im-pair the security or reliability of the bulk-power system or distribution facilities. 
‘‘(11) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DESIGNATIONS .— 
Notwithstanding section 313(b), with respect to a petition filed by a person to which an order under this section applies, any determination by the Commission or the Secretary concerning the designation of critical electric infrastructure in-formation under this subsection shall be subject to review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, except that such review shall be brought in the district court of the United States in the district in which the complainant resides, or has his principal place of business, or in the District of Columbia. In such a case the court shall examine in camera the contents of docu-ments or electronic communications that are the subject of the determination under review to de-termine whether such documents or any part thereof were improperly designated or not des-ignated as critical electric infrastructure infor-mation. ‘‘(e) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The Secretary 
shall facilitate and, to the extent practicable, expedite the acquisition of adequate security clearances by key personnel of any entity sub-ject to the requirements of this section, to enable optimum communication with Federal agencies regarding threats to the security of the critical electric infrastructure. The Secretary, the Com-mission, and other appropriate Federal agencies shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified and critical electric infrastructure information, share timely actionable information regarding grid security with appropriate key personnel of owners, operators, and users of the critical elec-tric infrastructure. 
‘‘(f) C
LARIFICATIONS OF LIABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLIANCE WITH OR VIOLATION OF THIS  
ACT.—Except as provided in paragraph (4), to 
the extent any action or omission taken by an entity that is necessary to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1), including any action or omission taken to voluntarily comply with such order, results in noncompliance with, or causes such entity not to comply with any rule, order, regulation, or provision of this Act, including any reliability standard approved by the Commission pursuant to section 215, such action or omission shall not be considered a violation of such rule, order, regulation, or provision. 
‘‘(2) R
ELATION TO SECTION 202(c).—Except as 
provided in paragraph (4), an action or omission taken by an owner, operator, or user of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical elec-tric infrastructure to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1) shall be treated as an action or omission taken to comply with an order issued under sec-tion 202(c) for purposes of such section. 
‘‘(3) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF INFORMATION .— 
No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any Federal or State court for the sharing or re-ceipt of information under, and that is con-ducted in accordance with, subsection (d). 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to require dis-missal of a cause of action against an entity that, in the course of complying with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1) by taking an action or omission for which they would be liable but for paragraph (1) or (2 ), takes such action or omission in a grossly neg-ligent manner.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) J URISDICTION .—Section 201(b)(2) of the 
Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘215A,’’ after ‘‘215,’’ each place it appears. 
(2) P
UBLIC UTILITY .—Section 201(e) of the 
Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824(e)) is amended by inserting ‘‘215A,’’ after ‘‘215,’’. 
(c) E
NHANCED GRIDSECURITY .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) C RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE ; CRIT-
ICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .— 
The terms ‘‘critical electric infrastructure’’ and ‘‘critical electric infrastructure information’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 215A of the Federal Power Act. 
(B) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Sec-
tor-Specific Agency’’ has the meaning given that term in the Presidential Policy Directive entitled ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience’’, numbered 21, and dated February 12, 2013. 
(2) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY FOR CYBERSECU -
RITY FOR THE ENERGY SECTOR .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Energy 
shall be the lead Sector-Specific Agency for cy-bersecurity for the energy sector. 
(B) D
UTIES .—As head of the designated Sec-
tor-Specific Agency for cybersecurity, the duties of the Secretary of Energy shall include— 
(i) coordinating with the Department of 
Homeland Security and other relevant Federal departments and agencies; 
(ii) collaborating with— (I) critical electric infrastructure owners and 
operators; and 
(II) as appropriate— (aa) independent regulatory agencies; and (bb) State, local, tribal, and territorial enti-
ties; 
(cc) serving as a day-to-day Federal interface 
for the dynamic prioritization and coordination of sector-specific activities; 
(dd) carrying out incident management re-
sponsibilities consistent with applicable law (in-cluding regulations) and other appropriate poli-cies or directives; 
(ee) providing, supporting, or facilitating 
technical assistance and consultations for the energy sector to identify vulnerabilities and help mitigate incidents, as appropriate; and 
(ff) supporting the reporting requirements of 
the Department of Homeland Security under ap-plicable law by providing, on an annual basis, sector-specific critical electric infrastructure in-formation. 
SEC. 61004. STRATEGIC TRANSFORMER RESERVE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the storage 
of strategically located spare large power trans-formers and emergency mobile substations will reduce the vulnerability of the United States to multiple risks facing electric grid reliability, in-cluding physical attack, cyber attack, electro-magnetic pulse, geomagnetic disturbances, se-vere weather, and seismic events. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B ULK-POWER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘bulk- 
power system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(2) C
RITICALLY DAMAGED LARGE POWER TRANS -
FORMER .—The term ‘‘critically damaged large 
power transformer’’ means a large power trans-former that— 
(A) has sustained extensive damage such 
that— 
(i) repair or refurbishment is not economically 
viable; or 
(ii) the extensive time to repair or refurbish 
the large power transformer would create an ex-tended period of instability in the bulk-power system; and 
(B) prior to sustaining such damage, was part 
of the bulk-power system. 
(3) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .—The 
term ‘‘critical electric infrastructure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 215A of the Federal Power Act. 
(4) E
LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘‘Electric Reliability Organization’’ has the meaning given such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). 
(5) E
MERGENCY MOBILE SUBSTATION .—The 
term ‘‘emergency mobile substation’’ means a mobile substation or mobile transformer that is— 
(A) assembled and permanently mounted on a 
trailer that is capable of highway travel and meets relevant Department of Transportation regulations; and 
(B) intended for express deployment and ca-
pable of being rapidly placed into service. 
(6) L
ARGE POWER TRANSFORMER .—The term 
‘‘large power transformer’’ means a power transformer with a maximum nameplate rating of 100 megavolt-amperes or higher, including re-lated critical equipment, that is, or is intended to be, a part of the bulk-power system. 
(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
(8) S PARE LARGE POWER TRANSFORMER .—The 
term ‘‘spare large power transformer’’ means a large power transformer that is stored within the Strategic Transformer Reserve to be avail-able to temporarily replace a critically damaged large power transformer. 
(c) S
TRATEGIC TRANSFORMER RESERVE PLAN.— 
(1) P LAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, shall, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8800 December 1, 2015 
Electricity Sub-sector Coordinating Council, the 
Electric Reliability Organization, and owners and operators of critical electric infrastructure and defense and military installations, prepare and submit to Congress a plan to establish a Strategic Transformer Reserve for the storage, in strategically located facilities, of spare large power transformers and emergency mobile sub-stations in sufficient numbers to temporarily re-place critically damaged large power trans-formers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military in-stallations. 
(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Strategic Transformer 
Reserve plan shall include a description of— 
(A) the appropriate number and type of spare 
large power transformers necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulk-power system, critical electric infrastructure, and de-fense and military installations to mitigate sig-nificant impacts to the electric grid resulting from— 
(i) physical attack; (ii) cyber attack; (iii) electromagnetic pulse attack; (iv) geomagnetic disturbances; (v) severe weather; or (vi) seismic events; (B) other critical electric grid equipment for 
which an inventory of spare equipment, includ-ing emergency mobile substations, is necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulk-power system, critical electric infrastruc-ture, and defense and military installations; 
(C) the degree to which utility sector actions 
or initiatives, including individual utility own-ership of spare equipment, joint ownership of spare equipment inventory, sharing agreements, or other spare equipment reserves or arrange-ments, satisfy the needs identified under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B); 
(D) the potential locations for, and feasibility 
and appropriate number of, strategic storage lo-cations for reserve equipment, including consid-eration of— 
(i) the physical security of such locations; (ii) the protection of the confidentiality of 
such locations; and 
(iii) the proximity of such locations to sites of 
potentially critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and mili-tary installations, so as to enable efficient deliv-ery of equipment to such sites; 
(E) the necessary degree of flexibility of spare 
large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve to conform to dif-ferent substation configurations, including con-sideration of transformer— 
(i) power and voltage rating for each winding; (ii) overload requirements; (iii) impedance between windings; (iv) configuration of windings; and (v) tap requirements; (F) an estimate of the direct cost of the Stra-
tegic Transformer Reserve, as proposed, includ-ing— 
(i) the cost of storage facilities; (ii) the cost of the equipment; and (iii) management, maintenance, and operation 
costs; 
(G) the funding options available to establish, 
stock, manage, and maintain the Strategic Transformer Reserve, including consideration of fees on owners and operators of bulk-power sys-tem facilities, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations relying on the Strategic Transformer Reserve, use of Federal appropriations, and public-private cost- sharing options; 
(H) the ease and speed of transportation, in-
stallation, and energization of spare large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve, including consideration of factors such as— 
(i) transformer transportation weight; (ii) transformer size; (iii) topology of critical substations; (iv) availability of appropriate transformer 
mounting pads; 
(v) flexibility of the spare large power trans-
formers as described in subparagraph (E); and 
(vi) ability to rapidly transition a spare large 
power transformer from storage to energization; 
(I) eligibility criteria for withdrawal of equip-
ment from the Strategic Transformer Reserve; 
(J) the process by which owners or operators 
of critically damaged large power transformers or substations that are critical electric infra-structure or serve defense and military installa-tions may apply for a withdrawal from the Stra-tegic Transformer Reserve; 
(K) the process by which equipment with-
drawn from the Strategic Transformer Reserve is returned to the Strategic Transformer Reserve or is replaced; 
(L) possible fees to be paid by users of equip-
ment withdrawn from the Strategic Transformer Reserve; 
(M) possible fees to be paid by owners and op-
erators of large power transformers and sub-stations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations to cover operating costs of the Strategic Trans-former Reserve; 
(N) the domestic and international large 
power transformer supply chain; 
(O) the potential reliability, cost, and oper-
ational benefits of including emergency mobile substations in any Strategic Transformer Re-serve established under this section; and 
(P) other considerations for designing, con-
structing, stocking, funding, and managing the Strategic Transformer Reserve. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any infor-
mation included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve plan, or shared in the preparation and development of such plan, the disclosure of which could cause harm to critical electric in-frastructure, shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requir-ing disclosure of information or records. 
SEC. 61005. ENERGY SECURITY VALUATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF ENERGY SECURITY  
VALUATION METHODS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy, in collaboration with the Sec-retary of State, shall develop and transmit, after public notice and comment, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that includes rec-ommended United States energy security valu-ation methods. In developing the report, the Secretaries may consider the recommendations of the Administration’s Quadrennial Energy Re-view released on April 21, 2015. The report shall— 
(1) evaluate and define United States energy 
security to reflect modern domestic and global energy markets and the collective needs of the United States and its allies and partners; 
(2) identify transparent and uniform or co-
ordinated procedures and criteria to ensure that energy-related actions that significantly affect the supply, distribution, or use of energy are evaluated with respect to their potential impact on energy security, including their impact on— 
(A) consumers and the economy; (B) energy supply diversity and resiliency; (C) well-functioning and competitive energy 
markets; 
(D) United States trade balance; and (E) national security objectives; and (3) include a recommended implementation 
strategy that identifies and aims to ensure that the procedures and criteria referred to in para-graph (2) are— 
(A) evaluated consistently across the Federal 
Government; and 
(B) weighed appropriately and balanced with 
environmental considerations required by Fed-eral law. (b) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the report 
referred to in subsection (a), the Secretaries may consult with relevant Federal, State, private sector, and international participants, as appro-priate and consistent with applicable law. 
DIVISION G—FINANCIAL SERVICES 
TITLE LXXI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAP-
ITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES 
SEC. 71001. FILING REQUIREMENT FOR PUBLIC 
FILING PRIOR TO PUBLIC OFFERING. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 
U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘21 days’’ and inserting ‘‘15 days’’. 
SEC. 71002. GRACE PERIOD FOR CHANGE OF STA-
TUS OF EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 
U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An issuer that was an emerging growth company at the time it sub-mitted a confidential registration statement or, in lieu thereof, a publicly filed registration statement for review under this subsection but ceases to be an emerging growth company there-after shall continue to be treated as an emerging market growth company for the purposes of this subsection through the earlier of the date on which the issuer consummates its initial public offering pursuant to such registrations state-ment or the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date the company ceases to be an emerg-ing growth company.’’. 
SEC. 71003. SIMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIRE-
MENTS FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES. 
Section 102 of the Jumpstart Our Business 
Startups Act (Public Law 112–106) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
IMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—With respect to an emerging growth 
company (as such term is defined under section 2 of the Securities Act of 1933): 
‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT TO INCLUDE NOTICE ON  
FORMS S –1 AND F –1.—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of enactment of this subsection, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission shall revise its general instructions on Forms S–1 and F–1 to indicate that a registration statement filed (or submitted for confidential review) by an issuer prior to an initial public offering may omit fi-nancial information for historical periods other-wise required by regulation S–X (17 CFR 210.1– 01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, pro-vided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information relates 
to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 or F–1 at the time of the con-templated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a prelimi-
nary prospectus to investors, such registration statement is amended to include all financial in-formation required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amendment. 
‘‘(2) R
ELIANCE BY ISSUERS .—Effective 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, an issuer filing a registration statement (or sub-mitting the statement for confidential review) on Form S–1 or Form F–1 may omit financial infor-mation for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 CFR 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information relates 
to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 or Form F–1 at the time of the con-templated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a prelimi-
nary prospectus to investors, such registration statement is amended to include all financial in-formation required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amendment.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8801 December 1, 2015 
TITLE LXXII—DISCLOSURE 
MODERNIZATION AND SIMPLIFICATION 
SEC. 72001. SUMMARY PAGE FOR FORM 10–K. 
Not later than the end of the 180-day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall issue regulations to permit issuers to sub-mit a summary page on form 10–K (17 CFR 249.310), but only if each item on such summary page includes a cross-reference (by electronic link or otherwise) to the material contained in form 10–K to which such item relates. 
SEC. 72002. IMPROVEMENT OF REGULATION S–K. 
Not later than the end of the 180-day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall take all such actions to revise regulation S–K (17 CFR 229.10 et seq.)— 
(1) to further scale or eliminate requirements 
of regulation S–K, in order to reduce the burden on emerging growth companies, accelerated fil-ers, smaller reporting companies, and other smaller issuers, while still providing all material information to investors; 
(2) to eliminate provisions of regulation S–K, 
required for all issuers, that are duplicative, overlapping, outdated, or unnecessary; and 
(3) for which the Commission determines that 
no further study under section 72203 is nec-essary to determine the efficacy of such revi-sions to regulation S–K. 
SEC. 72003. STUDY ON MODERNIZATION AND SIM-
PLIFICATION OF REGULATION S–K. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Securities and Exchange 
Commission shall carry out a study of the re-quirements contained in regulation S–K (17 CFR 229.10 et seq.). Such study shall— 
(1) determine how best to modernize and sim-
plify such requirements in a manner that re-duces the costs and burdens on issuers while still providing all material information; 
(2) emphasize a company by company ap-
proach that allows relevant and material infor-mation to be disseminated to investors without boilerplate language or static requirements while preserving completeness and com-parability of information across registrants; and 
(3) evaluate methods of information delivery 
and presentation and explore methods for dis-couraging repetition and the disclosure of imma-terial information. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the study 
required under subsection (a), the Commission shall consult with the Investor Advisory Com-mittee and the Advisory Committee on Small and Emerging Companies. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 
360-day period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing— 
(1) all findings and determinations made in 
carrying out the study required under sub-section (a); 
(2) specific and detailed recommendations on 
modernizing and simplifying the requirements in regulation S–K in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on companies while still pro-viding all material information; and 
(3) specific and detailed recommendations on 
ways to improve the readability and naviga-bility of disclosure documents and to discourage repetition and the disclosure of immaterial in-formation. 
(d) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than the end of 
the 360-day period beginning on the date that the report is issued to the Congress under sub-section (c), the Commission shall issue a pro-posed rule to implement the recommendations of the report issued under subsection (c). 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Revisions made 
to regulation S–K by the Commission under sec-tion 202 shall not be construed as satisfying the rulemaking requirements under this section. 
TITLE LXXIII—BULLION AND COLLECT-
IBLE COIN PRODUCTION EFFICIENCY AND COST SAVINGS 
SEC. 73001. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
Title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 5112— 
(A) in subsection (q)— (i) by striking paragraphs (3) and (8); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), 
and (7) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), re-spectively; 
(B) in subsection (t)(6)(B), by striking ‘‘90 per-
cent silver and 10 percent copper’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 90 percent silver’’; and 
(C) in subsection (v)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Subject to’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting ‘‘To the greatest extent possible, the Secretary’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (5), by inserting after ‘‘may 
issue’’ the following: ‘‘collectible versions of’’; and 
(iv) by striking paragraph (8); and (2) in section 5132(a)(2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘90 
percent silver and 10 percent copper’’ and in-serting ‘‘not less than 90 percent silver’’. 
SEC. 73002. AMERICAN EAGLE SILVER BULLION 
30TH ANNIVERSARY. 
Proof and uncirculated versions of coins 
issued by the Secretary of the Treasury pursu-ant to subsection (e) of section 5112 of title 31, United States Code, during calendar year 2016 shall have a smooth edge incused with a des-ignation that notes the 30th anniversary of the first issue of coins under such subsection. 
TITLE LXXIV—SBIC ADVISERS RELIEF 
SEC. 74001. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND VENTURE 
CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Section 203(l) of the Investment Advisers Act 
of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(l)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘No investment adviser’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No investment adviser’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of this 
subsection, a venture capital fund includes an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to sec-tion 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940).’’. 
SEC. 74002. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND PRIVATE 
FUNDS. 
Section 203(m) of the Investment Advisers Act 
of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(m)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of this 
subsection, the assets under management of a private fund that is an entity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be reg-ulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940) shall be excluded from the limit set forth in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 74003. RELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW. 
Section 203A(b)(1) of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) that is not registered under section 203 
because that person is exempt from registration as provided in subsection (b)(7) of such section, or is a supervised person of such person.’’. 
TITLE LXXV—ELIMINATE PRIVACY NOTICE 
CONFUSION 
SEC. 75001. EXCEPTION TO ANNUAL PRIVACY NO-
TICE REQUIREMENT UNDER THE GRAMM-LEACH-BLILEY ACT. 
Section 503 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 
U.S.C. 6803) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION TO ANNUAL NOTICE REQUIRE -
MENT .—A financial institution that— ‘‘(1) provides nonpublic personal information 
only in accordance with the provisions of sub-section (b)(2) or (e) of section 502 or regulations prescribed under section 504(b), and 
‘‘(2) has not changed its policies and practices 
with regard to disclosing nonpublic personal in-formation from the policies and practices that were disclosed in the most recent disclosure sent to consumers in accordance with this section, 
shall not be required to provide an annual dis-
closure under this section until such time as the financial institution fails to comply with any criteria described in paragraph (1) or (2).’’. 
TITLE LXXVI—REFORMING ACCESS FOR 
INVESTMENTS IN STARTUP ENTERPRISES 
SEC. 76001. EXEMPTED TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) E XEMPTED TRANSACTIONS .—Section 4 of 
the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) transactions meeting the requirements of 
subsection (d).’’; 
(2) by redesignating the second subsection (b) 
(relating to securities offered and sold in compli-ance with Rule 506 of Regulation D) as sub-section (c); and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) C
ERTAIN ACCREDITED INVESTOR TRANS-
ACTIONS .—The transactions referred to in sub-
section (a)(7) are transactions meeting the fol-lowing requirements: 
‘‘(1) A
CCREDITED INVESTOR REQUIREMENT .— 
Each purchaser is an accredited investor, as that term is defined in section 230.501(a) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulation). 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON GENERAL SOLICITATION  
OR ADVERTISING .—Neither the seller, nor any 
person acting on the seller’s behalf, offers or sells securities by any form of general solicita-tion or general advertising. 
‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION REQUIREMENT .—In the case 
of a transaction involving the securities of an issuer that is neither subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m; 78o(d)), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to section 240.12g3–2(b) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, nor a foreign gov-ernment (as defined in section 230.405 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) eligible to register securities under Schedule B, the seller and a prospective purchaser designated by the seller obtain from the issuer, upon request of the sell-er, and the seller in all cases makes available to a prospective purchaser, the following informa-tion (which shall be reasonably current in rela-tion to the date of resale under this section): 
‘‘(A) The exact name of the issuer and the 
issuer’s predecessor (if any). 
‘‘(B) The address of the issuer’s principal ex-
ecutive offices. 
‘‘(C) The exact title and class of the security. ‘‘(D) The par or stated value of the security. ‘‘(E) The number of shares or total amount of 
the securities outstanding as of the end of the issuer’s most recent fiscal year. 
‘‘(F) The name and address of the transfer 
agent, corporate secretary, or other person re-sponsible for transferring shares and stock cer-tificates. 
‘‘(G) A statement of the nature of the business 
of the issuer and the products and services it of-fers, which shall be presumed reasonably cur-rent if the statement is as of 12 months before the transaction date. 
‘‘(H) The names of the officers and directors 
of the issuer. 
‘‘(I) The names of any persons registered as a 
broker, dealer, or agent that shall be paid or given, directly or indirectly, any commission or remuneration for such person’s participation in the offer or sale of the securities. 
‘‘(J) The issuer’s most recent balance sheet 
and profit and loss statement and similar finan-cial statements, which shall— 
‘‘(i) be for such part of the 2 preceding fiscal 
years as the issuer has been in operation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8802 December 1, 2015 
‘‘(ii) be prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles or, in the case of a foreign private issuer, be prepared in accord-ance with generally accepted accounting prin-ciples or the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Account-ing Standards Board; 
‘‘(iii) be presumed reasonably current if— ‘‘(I) with respect to the balance sheet, the bal-
ance sheet is as of a date less than 16 months before the transaction date; and 
‘‘(II) with respect to the profit and loss state-
ment, such statement is for the 12 months pre-ceding the date of the issuer’s balance sheet; and 
‘‘(iv) if the balance sheet is not as of a date 
less than 6 months before the transaction date, be accompanied by additional statements of profit and loss for the period from the date of such balance sheet to a date less than 6 months before the transaction date. 
‘‘(K) To the extent that the seller is a control 
person with respect to the issuer, a brief state-ment regarding the nature of the affiliation, and a statement certified by such seller that they have no reasonable grounds to believe that the issuer is in violation of the securities laws or regulations. 
‘‘(4) I
SSUERS DISQUALIFIED .—The transaction 
is not for the sale of a security where the seller is an issuer or a subsidiary, either directly or in-directly, of the issuer. 
‘‘(5) B
AD ACTOR PROHIBITION .—Neither the 
seller, nor any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration or a commission for their participation in the offer or sale of the securities, including solicitation of purchasers for the seller is subject to an event that would disqualify an issuer or other covered person under Rule 506(d)(1) of Regulation D (17 CFR 230.506(d)(1)) or is subject to a statutory disqualification described under section 3(a)(39) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
‘‘(6) B
USINESS REQUIREMENT .—The issuer is 
engaged in business, is not in the organizational stage or in bankruptcy or receivership, and is not a blank check, blind pool, or shell company that has no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that the issuer’s primary business plan is to engage in a merger or combination of the business with, or an acquisition of, an un-identified person. 
‘‘(7) U
NDERWRITER PROHIBITION .—The trans-
action is not with respect to a security that con-stitutes the whole or part of an unsold allotment to, or a subscription or participation by, a broker or dealer as an underwriter of the secu-rity or a redistribution. 
‘‘(8) O
UTSTANDING CLASS REQUIREMENT .—The 
transaction is with respect to a security of a class that has been authorized and outstanding for at least 90 days prior to the date of the transaction. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—With respect to an exempt-
ed transaction described under subsection (a)(7): 
‘‘(A) Securities acquired in such transaction 
shall be deemed to have been acquired in a transaction not involving any public offering. 
‘‘(B) Such transaction shall be deemed not to 
be a distribution for purposes of section 2(a)(11). 
‘‘(C) Securities involved in such transaction 
shall be deemed to be restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 (17 CFR 230.144). 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The exemption 
provided by subsection (a)(7) shall not be the ex-clusive means for establishing an exemption from the registration requirements of section 5.’’. 
(b) E
XEMPTION IN CONNECTION WITHCERTAIN  
EXEMPT OFFERINGS .—Section 18(b)(4) of the Se-
curities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating the second subparagraph 
(D) and subparagraph (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in subparagraph (F), as so redesignated, 
by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) section 4(a)(7).’’. 
TITLE LXXVII—PRESERVATION ENHANCE-
MENT AND SAVINGS OPPORTUNITY 
SEC. 77001. DISTRIBUTIONS AND RESIDUAL RE-
CEIPTS. 
Section 222 of the Low-Income Housing Pres-
ervation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4112) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) D
ISTRIBUTION AND RESIDUAL RECEIPTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—After the date of the enact-
ment of this subsection, the owner of a property subject to a plan of action or use agreement pur-suant to this section shall be entitled to dis-tribute— 
‘‘(A) annually, all surplus cash generated by 
the property, but only if the owner is in mate-rial compliance with such use agreement includ-ing compliance with prevailing physical condi-tion standards established by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(B) notwithstanding any conflicting provi-
sion in such use agreement, any funds accumu-lated in a residual receipts account, but only if the owner is in material compliance with such use agreement and has completed, or set aside sufficient funds for completion of, any capital repairs identified by the most recent third party capital needs assessment. 
‘‘(2) O
PERATION OF PROPERTY .—An owner 
that distributes any amounts pursuant to para-graph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) continue to operate the property in ac-
cordance with the affordability provisions of the use agreement for the property for the remain-ing useful life of the property; 
‘‘(B) as required by the plan of action for the 
property, continue to renew or extend any project-based rental assistance contract for a term of not less than 20 years; and 
‘‘(C) if the owner has an existing multi-year 
project-based rental assistance contract for less than 20 years, have the option to extend the contract to a 20-year term.’’. 
SEC. 77002. FUTURE REFINANCINGS. 
Section 214 of the Low-Income Housing Pres-
ervation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) F
UTURE FINANCING .—Neither this section, 
nor any plan of action or use agreement imple-menting this section, shall restrict an owner from obtaining a new loan or refinancing an ex-isting loan secured by the project, or from dis-tributing the proceeds of such a loan; except that, in conjunction with such refinancing— 
‘‘(1) the owner shall provide for adequate re-
habilitation pursuant to a capital needs assess-ment to ensure long-term sustainability of the property satisfactory to the lender or bond issuance agency; 
‘‘(2) any resulting budget-based rent increase 
shall include debt service on the new financing, commercially reasonable debt service coverage, and replacement reserves as required by the lender; and 
‘‘(3) for tenants of dwelling units not covered 
by a project- or tenant-based rental subsidy, any rent increases resulting from the refi-nancing transaction may not exceed 10 percent per year, except that— 
‘‘(A) any tenant occupying a dwelling unit as 
of time of the refinancing may not be required to pay for rent and utilities, for the duration of such tenancy, an amount that exceeds the greater of— 
‘‘(i) 30 percent of the tenant’s income; or ‘‘(ii) the amount paid by the tenant for rent 
and utilities immediately before such refi-nancing; and 
‘‘(B) this paragraph shall not apply to any 
tenant who does not provide the owner with proof of income. 
Paragraph (3) may not be construed to limit any 
rent increases resulting from increased oper-ating costs for a project.’’. SEC. 77003. IMPLEMENTATION. 
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-
ment shall issue any guidance that the Sec-retary considers necessary to carry out the pro-visions added by the amendments made by this title not later than the expiration of the 120-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE LXXVIII—TENANT INCOME 
VERIFICATION RELIEF 
SEC. 78001. REVIEWS OF FAMILY INCOMES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The second sentence of 
paragraph (1) of section 3(a) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(a)(1)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘; except that, in the case of any family with a fixed income, as defined by the Secretary, after the initial re-view of the family’s income, the public housing agency or owner shall not be required to con-duct a review of the family’s income for any year for which such family certifies, in accord-ance with such requirements as the Secretary shall establish, which shall include policies to adjust for inflation-based income changes, that 90 percent or more of the income of the family consists of fixed income, and that the sources of such income have not changed since the pre-vious year, except that the public housing agen-cy or owner shall conduct a review of each such family’s income not less than once every 3 years’’. 
(b) H
OUSING CHOICE VOUCHER PROGRAM .— 
Subparagraph (A) of section 8(o)(5) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(5)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘not less than annually’’ and inserting ‘‘as required by section 3(a)(1) of this Act’’. 
TITLE LXXIX—HOUSING ASSISTANCE 
EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 79001. AUTHORITY TO ADMINISTER RENTAL 
ASSISTANCE. 
Subsection (g) of section 423 of the McKinney- 
Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11383(g)) is amended by inserting ‘‘private non-profit organization,’’ after ‘‘unit of general local government,’’. 
SEC. 79002. REALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
Paragraph (1) of section 414(d) of the McKin-
ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11373(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘twice’’ and inserting ‘‘once’’. 
TITLE LXXX—CHILD SUPPORT 
ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 80001. REQUESTS FOR CONSUMER REPORTS 
BY STATE OR LOCAL CHILD SUP-PORT ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
Paragraph (4) of section 604(a) of the Fair 
Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681b(a)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or deter-
mining the appropriate level of such payments’’ and inserting ‘‘, determining the appropriate level of such payments, or enforcing a child sup-port order, award, agreement, or judgment’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘paternity’’ and inserting 
‘‘parentage’’; and 
(B) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by striking subparagraph (C); and (4) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (C). 
TITLE LXXXI—PRIVATE INVESTMENT IN 
HOUSING 
SEC. 81001. BUDGET-NEUTRAL DEMONSTRATION 
PROGRAM FOR ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION IMPROVEMENTS AT MULTIFAMILY RESIDENTIAL UNITS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Hous-
ing and Urban Development (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a demonstration program under which the Sec-retary may execute budget-neutral, perform-ance-based agreements in fiscal years 2016 through 2019 that result in a reduction in en-ergy or water costs with such entities as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate under which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8803 December 1, 2015 
the entities shall carry out projects for energy or 
water conservation improvements at not more than 20,000 residential units in multifamily buildings participating in— 
(1) the project-based rental assistance program 
under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), other than assist-ance provided under section 8(o) of that Act; 
(2) the supportive housing for the elderly pro-
gram under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); or 
(3) the supportive housing for persons with 
disabilities program under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2)). 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) P AYMENTS CONTINGENT ON SAVINGS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide 
to an entity a payment under an agreement under this section only during applicable years for which an energy or water cost savings is achieved with respect to the applicable multi-family portfolio of properties, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with subparagraph (B). 
(B) P
AYMENT METHODOLOGY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Each agreement under this 
section shall include a pay-for-success provision that— 
(I) shall serve as a payment threshold for the 
term of the agreement; and 
(II) requires that payments shall be contin-
gent on realized cost savings associated with re-duced utility consumption in the participating properties. 
(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—A payment made by the 
Secretary under an agreement under this sec-tion— 
(I) shall be contingent on documented utility 
savings; and 
(II) shall not exceed the utility savings 
achieved by the date of the payment, and not previously paid, as a result of the improvements made under the agreement. 
(C) T
HIRD-PARTY VERIFICATION .—Savings pay-
ments made by the Secretary under this section shall be based on a measurement and verification protocol that includes at least— 
(i) establishment of a weather-normalized and 
occupancy-normalized utility consumption base-line established pre-retrofit; 
(ii) annual third-party confirmation of actual 
utility consumption and cost for utilities; 
(iii) annual third-party validation of the ten-
ant utility allowances in effect during the appli-cable year and vacancy rates for each unit type; and 
(iv) annual third-party determination of sav-
ings to the Secretary. 
An agreement under this section with an entity 
shall provide that the entity shall cover costs as-sociated with third-party verification under this subparagraph. 
(2) T
ERMS OF PERFORMANCE -BASED AGREE -
MENTS .—A performance-based agreement under 
this section shall include— 
(A) the period that the agreement will be in ef-
fect and during which payments may be made, which may not be longer than 12 years; 
(B) the performance measures that will serve 
as payment thresholds during the term of the agreement; 
(C) an audit protocol for the properties cov-
ered by the agreement; 
(D) a requirement that payments shall be con-
tingent on realized cost savings associated with reduced utility consumption in the participating properties; and 
(E) such other requirements and terms as de-
termined to be appropriate by the Secretary. 
(3) E
NTITY ELIGIBILITY .—The Secretary 
shall— 
(A) establish a competitive process for entering 
into agreements under this section; and 
(B) enter into such agreements only with enti-
ties that, either jointly or individually, dem-onstrate significant experience relating to— 
(i) financing or operating properties receiving 
assistance under a program identified in sub-section (a); (ii) oversight of energy or water conservation 
programs, including oversight of contractors; and 
(iii) raising capital for energy or water con-
servation improvements from charitable organi-zations or private investors. 
(4) G
EOGRAPHICAL DIVERSITY .—Each agree-
ment entered into under this section shall pro-vide for the inclusion of properties with the greatest feasible regional and State variance. 
(5) P
ROPERTIES .—A property may only be in-
cluded in the demonstration under this section only if the property is subject to affordability restrictions for at least 15 years after the date of the completion of any conservation improve-ments made to the property under the dem-onstration program. Such restrictions may be made through an extended affordability agree-ment for the property under a new housing as-sistance payments contract with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or through an enforceable covenant with the owner of the property. 
(c) P
LAN AND REPORTS .— 
(1) P LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropria-tions and Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appro-priations and Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate a detailed plan for the imple-mentation of this section. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct an evaluation of the program 
under this section; and 
(B) submit to Congress a report describing 
each evaluation conducted under subparagraph (A). 
(d) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year during 
which an agreement under this section is in ef-fect, the Secretary may use to carry out this sec-tion any funds appropriated to the Secretary for the renewal of contracts under a program de-scribed in subsection (a). 
TITLE LXXXII—CAPITAL ACCESS FOR 
SMALL COMMUNITY FINANCIAL INSTI-TUTIONS 
SEC. 82001. PRIVATELY INSURED CREDIT UNIONS 
AUTHORIZED TO BECOME MEMBERS OF A FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4(a) of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1424(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN PRIVATELY INSURED CREDIT  
UNIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the requirements 
of subparagraph (B), a credit union shall be treated as an insured depository institution for purposes of determining the eligibility of such credit union for membership in a Federal home loan bank under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION BY APPROPRIATE SUPER -
VISOR .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-
graph and subject to clause (ii), a credit union which lacks Federal deposit insurance and which has applied for membership in a Federal home loan bank may be treated as meeting all the eligibility requirements for Federal deposit insurance only if the appropriate supervisor of the State in which the credit union is chartered has determined that the credit union meets all the eligibility requirements for Federal deposit insurance as of the date of the application for membership. 
‘‘(ii) C
ERTIFICATION DEEMED VALID .—If, in the 
case of any credit union to which clause (i) ap-plies, the appropriate supervisor of the State in which such credit union is chartered fails to make a determination pursuant to such clause by the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the application, the credit union shall be deemed to have met the requirements of clause (i). ‘‘(C) S
ECURITY INTERESTS OF FEDERAL HOME  
LOAN BANK NOT AVOIDABLE .—Notwithstanding 
any provision of State law authorizing a conser-vator or liquidating agent of a credit union to repudiate contracts, no such provision shall apply with respect to— 
‘‘(i) any extension of credit from any Federal 
home loan bank to any credit union which is a member of any such bank pursuant to this para-graph; or 
‘‘(ii) any security interest in the assets of such 
credit union securing any such extension of credit. 
‘‘(D) P
ROTECTION FOR CERTAIN FEDERAL HOME  
LOAN BANK ADVANCES .—Notwithstanding any 
State law to the contrary, if a Bank makes an advance under section 10 to a State-chartered credit union that is not federally insured— 
‘‘(i) the Bank’s interest in any collateral se-
curing such advance has the same priority and is afforded the same standing and rights that the security interest would have had if the ad-vance had been made to a federally insured credit union; and 
‘‘(ii) the Bank has the same right to access 
such collateral that the Bank would have had if the advance had been made to a federally in-sured credit union.’’. 
(b) C
OPIES OF AUDITS OF PRIVATE INSURERS  
OFCERTAIN DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS RE-
QUIRED TOBEPROVIDED TO SUPERVISORY AGEN-
CIES.—Section 43(a)(2)(A) of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) in the case of depository institutions de-
scribed in subsection (e)(2)(A) the deposits of which are insured by the private insurer which are members of a Federal home loan bank, to the Federal Housing Finance Agency, not later than 7 days after the audit is completed.’’. 
SEC. 82002. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit a report to Congress— 
(1) on the adequacy of insurance reserves held 
by a private deposit insurer that insures depos-its in an entity described in section 43(e)(2)(A) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t(e)(2)(A)); and 
(2) for an entity described in paragraph (1) 
the deposits of which are insured by a private deposit insurer, information on the level of com-pliance with Federal regulations relating to the disclosure of a lack of Federal deposit insur-ance. 
TITLE LXXXIII—SMALL BANK EXAM CYCLE 
REFORM 
SEC. 83001. SMALLER INSTITUTIONS QUALIFYING 
FOR 18-MONTH EXAMINATION CYCLE. 
Section 10(d) of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$500,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000,000’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘$100,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$200,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (10)— (A) by striking ‘‘$100,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$200,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$500,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000,000’’. 
TITLE LXXXIV—SMALL COMPANY SIMPLE 
REGISTRATION 
SEC. 84001. FORWARD INCORPORATION BY REF-
ERENCE FOR FORM S–1. 
Not later than 45 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Securities and Ex-change Commission shall revise Form S–1 so as to permit a smaller reporting company (as de-fined in section 230.405 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations) to incorporate by reference in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8804 December 1, 2015 
a registration statement filed on such form any 
documents that such company files with the Commission after the effective date of such reg-istration statement. 
TITLE LXXXV—HOLDING COMPANY REG-
ISTRATION THRESHOLD EQUALIZATION 
SEC. 85001. REGISTRATION THRESHOLD FOR SAV-
INGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPA-NIES. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 
78a et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 12(g)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting after ‘‘is 
a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘case 
of a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
(2) in section 15(d), by striking ‘‘case of bank’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘case of a bank, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’. 
TITLE LXXXVI—REPEAL OF 
INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 
SEC. 86001. REPEAL. 
(a) D ERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZATIONS .— 
Section 5b(k)(5) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–1(k)(5)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the Commission may share information with any entity described in paragraph (4), the Commis-sion shall receive a written agreement from each entity stating that the entity shall abide by the confidentiality requirements described in section 8 relating to the information on swap trans-actions that is provided.’’. 
(b) S
WAP DATAREPOSITORIES .—Section 21 of 
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 24a(d)) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(7)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘all’’ and inserting ‘‘swap’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) other foreign authorities; and’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subsection (c)(7), the swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stating that the en-tity shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 8 relating to the in-formation on swap transactions that is pro-vided.’’. 
(c) S
ECURITY -BASED SWAP DATA REPOSI -
TORIES .—Section 13(n)(5) of the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(n)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (G)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘all’’ and inserting ‘‘security-based swap’’; and 
(B) in clause (v)— (i) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(ii) in subclause (III), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) other foreign authorities.’’; and (2) by striking subparagraph (H) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(H) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the security-based swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subparagraph (G), the security-based swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stating that the entity shall abide by the confidentiality requirements de-scribed in section 24 relating to the information on security-based swap transactions that is pro-vided.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect as if enacted as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203). 
TITLE LXXXVII—TREATMENT OF DEBT OR 
EQUITY INSTRUMENTS OF SMALLER IN-STITUTIONS 
SEC. 87001. DATE FOR DETERMINING CONSOLI-
DATED ASSETS. 
Section 171(b)(4)(C) of the Financial Stability 
Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5371(b)(4)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or March 31, 2010,’’ after ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2009,’’. 
TITLE LXXXVIII—STATE LICENSING 
EFFICIENCY 
SECTION 88001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘State Licensing 
Efficiency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 88002. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
Section 1511(a) of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Li-
censing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5110(a)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘and other financial service 
providers’’ after ‘‘State-licensed loan origina-tors’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘or other financial service 
providers’’ before the period at the end. 
TITLE LXXXIX—HELPING EXPAND LEND-
ING PRACTICES IN RURAL COMMU-NITIES 
SEC. 89001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Helping Ex-
pand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘HELP Rural Communities Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 89002. DESIGNATION OF RURAL AREA. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall establish an application process under which a person who lives or does business in a State may, with respect to an area identified by the person in such State that has not been des-ignated by the Bureau as a rural area for pur-poses of a Federal consumer financial law (as defined under section 1002 of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010), apply for such area to be so designated. 
(b) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—When evaluating 
an application submitted under subsection (a), the Bureau shall take into consideration the fol-lowing factors: 
(1) Criteria used by the Director of the Bureau 
of the Census for classifying geographical areas as rural or urban. 
(2) Criteria used by the Director of the Office 
of Management and Budget to designate coun-ties as metropolitan or micropolitan or neither. 
(3) Criteria used by the Secretary of Agri-
culture to determine property eligibility for rural development programs. 
(4) The Department of Agriculture rural- 
urban commuting area codes. 
(5) A written opinion provided by the State’s 
bank supervisor, as defined under section 3(r) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(r)). 
(6) Population density. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—If, at any time 
prior to the submission of an application under subsection (a), the area subject to review has been designated as nonrural by any Federal agency described under subsection (b) using any of the criteria described under subsection (b), the Bureau shall not be required to consider such designation in its evaluation. 
(d) P
UBLIC COMMENT PERIOD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
receiving an application submitted under sub-section (a), the Bureau shall— 
(A) publish such application in the Federal 
Register; and 
(B) make such application available for public 
comment for not fewer than 90 days. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON ADDITIONAL APPLICA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to require the Bureau, during the public 
comment period with respect to an application submitted under subsection (a), to accept an ad-ditional application with respect to the area that is the subject of the initial application. 
(e) D
ECISION ON DESIGNATION .—Not later than 
90 days after the end of the public comment pe-riod under subsection (d)(1) for an application, the Bureau shall— 
(1) grant or deny such application, in whole 
or in part; and 
(2) publish such grant or denial in the Federal 
Register, along with an explanation of what factors the Bureau relied on in making such de-termination. 
(f) S
UBSEQUENT APPLICATIONS .—A decision by 
the Bureau under subsection (e) to deny an ap-plication for an area to be designated as a rural area shall not preclude the Bureau from accept-ing a subsequent application submitted under subsection (a) for such area to be so designated, so long as such subsequent application is made after the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date that the Bureau denies the application under subsection (e). 
(g) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to have 
any force or effect after the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 89003. OPERATIONS IN RURAL AREAS. 
The Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1601 et 
seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 129C(b)(2)(E)(iv)(I), by striking 
‘‘predominantly’’; and 
(2) in section 129D(c)(1), by striking ‘‘predomi-
nantly’’. 
And the House agree to the same. 
From the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of the House amendment and the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to con-ference: 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
JOHNJ. D UNCAN , Jr., 
SAMGRAVES , 
CANDICE S. M ILLER , 
ERICA. ‘‘R ICK’’ CRAWFORD , 
LOUBARLETTA , 
BLAKE FARENTHOLD , 
BOBGIBBS, 
JEFFDENHAM , 
REIDJ. R IBBLE , 
SCOTT PERRY , 
ROBWOODALL , 
JOHNKATKO , 
BRIAN BABIN, 
CRESENT HARDY , 
GARRET GRAVES , 
PETER A. D EFAZIO, 
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON , 
JERROLD NADLER , 
CORRINE BROWN , 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
ELIJAH E. C UMMINGS , 
RICKLARSEN , 
MICHAEL E. C APUANO , 
GRACE F. N APOLITANO , 
DANIEL LIPINSKI , 
STEVE COHEN , 
ALBIO SIRES, 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of sec. 1111 of the House amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: 
M
ACTHORNBERRY , 
LORETTA SANCHEZ , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 1109, 1201, 1202, 3003, Division B, secs. 31101, 31201, and Division F of the House amendment and secs. 11005, 11006, 11013, 21003, 21004, subtitles B and D of title XXXIV, secs. 51101 and 51201 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
F
REDUPTON , 
MARKWAYNE MULLIN , 
FRANK PALLONE , Jr., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.023 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8805 December 1, 2015 
As additional conferees from the Committee 
on Financial Services, for consideration of sec. 32202 and Division G of the House amendment and secs. 52203 and 52205 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
M
AXINE WATERS , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of secs. 1313, 24406, and 43001 of the House amendment and secs. 32502 and 35437 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
TOMMARINO , 
ZOELOFGREN , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 1114–16, 1120, 1301, 1302, 1304, 1305, 1307, 1308, 1310–13, 1316, 1317, 10001, and 10002 of the House amendment and secs. 11024–27, 11101– 13, 11116–18, 15006, 31103–05, and 73103 of the Senate amendment and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
G
LENN THOMPSON , 
DARIN LAHOOD, 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of secs. 5106, 5223, 5504, 5505, 61003, and 61004 of the House amendment and secs. 12004, 21019, 31203, 32401, 32508, 32606, 35203, 35311, and 35312 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to con-ference: 
J
OHNL. M ICA, 
WILLHURD, 
GERALD E. C ONNOLLY , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for con-sideration of secs. 3008, 3015, 4003, and title VI of the House amendment and secs. 11001, 12001, 12002, 12004, 12102, 21009, 21017, subtitle B of title XXXI, secs. 35105 and 72003 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
BARBARA COMSTOCK , 
DONNA F. E DWARDS , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of secs. 31101, 31201, and 31203 of the House amendment, and secs. 51101, 51201, 51203, 52101, 52103–05, 52108, 62001, and 74001 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
K
EVIN BRADY , 
DAVID G. R EICHERT , 
SANDER LEVIN, 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
JAMES M. I NHOFE , 
JOHNTHUNE , 
ORRIN G. H ATCH , 
LISAMURKOWSKI , 
DEBFISCHER , 
JOHNBARRASSO , 
JOHNCORNYN , 
BARBARA BOXER , 
BILLNELSON , 
RICHARD J. D URBIN , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF 
THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 22), to author-ize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and rec-ommended in the accompanying conference report: The Senate amendment struck all of the 
House bill after the enacting clause and in-serted a substitute text. 
The House amendment struck out that 
matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate amendment and inserted a substitute text. 
The Senate recedes from its disagreement 
to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the House bill, the Senate amendment, and the House amendment. The differences between the House bill, the Senate amendment, the House amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for clerical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the conferees, and minor drafting and clari-fying changes. 
Joint Explanatory Statement of the 
Committee of the Conference 
H.R. 22, Fixing America’s Surface Trans-
portation Act (FAST Act) authorizes federal surface transportation programs through fis-cal year (FY) 2020. The FAST Act improves our Nation’s infrastructure, reforms federal surface transportation programs, refocuses those programs on addressing national prior-ities, and encourages innovation to make the surface transportation system safer and more efficient. 
DIVISION A—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
T
ITLE I—F EDERAL -AIDHIGHWAYS  
Title I of the FAST Act reauthorizes the 
Federal-aid Highway and highway safety construction programs through FY 2020, es-tablishes new programs to promote the effi-cient movement of freight and support large- scale projects of national or regional signifi-cance, and makes other policy changes and reforms. 
Refocuses on National Priorities 
The FAST Act focuses on the importance 
of goods movement to the U.S. economy by establishing a new formula program for high-way freight projects, and emphasizes the need to address large-scale projects of na-tional or regional importance by estab-lishing a new competitive grant program, the Nationally Significant Freight and High-way Projects (NSFHP) program. Both pro-grams provide limited eligibility for inter-modal and freight rail projects. The Act also modifies the National Highway Freight Net-work created by the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21), and requires the redesignation of the Net-work every five years to reflect changes in freight flows, including emerging freight cor-ridors and critical commerce corridors. 
The NSFHP program will facilitate the 
construction of infrastructure projects that are difficult to complete solely using exist-ing federal, state, local, and private funds. Among other purposes, projects supported by this program will reduce the impact of con-gestion, generate national and regional eco-nomic benefits, and facilitate the efficient movement of freight. This program empha-sizes the importance of addressing transpor-tation impediments, which significantly slow interstate commerce. Across the coun-try there are significant bottlenecks that could benefit from this program, which would provide substantial grant funding for infrastructure projects. 
To address deficient bridges, the FAST Act 
continues the set-aside for off-system bridges, and expands funding available for on-system bridges located off the National Highway System. 
Increases Flexibility 
The FAST Act converts the Surface Trans-
portation Program (STP) to a block grant program, maximizing the flexibility of STP for states and local governments. It also in-creases the amount of STP funding that is 
distributed to local governments from 50 per-cent to 55 percent over the life of the bill. The Act provides states and local govern-ments with increased flexibility by rolling the Transportation Alternatives Program into STP, and allowing 50 percent of certain transportation alternatives funding suballo-cated to local areas to be used on any STP- eligible project. 
The FAST Act expands eligibility for the 
Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (TIFIA) program by allowing states to use National Highway Performance Program, STP block grant, and NSFHP funds to pay the subsidy and administrative costs associated with providing TIFIA credit assistance. 
Streamlines Reviews, Reduces Bureaucracy, & 
Increases Transparency 
The FAST Act streamlines the environ-
mental review and permitting process to ac-celerate project approvals. The Act includes important reforms to align environmental reviews for historic properties. In addition, it establishes a new pilot program to allow up to five states to substitute their own en-vironmental laws and regulations for the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) if the state’s laws and regulations are at least as stringent as NEPA. The Act also requires an assessment of previous efforts to accel-erate the environmental review process, as well as recommendations on additional means of accelerating the project delivery process in a responsible manner. 
The FAST Act increases the transparency 
of the Federal-aid Highway Program by re-quiring Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) to provide project-level information to Congress and the public. This information permits monitoring of projects for cost over-runs and assists Congress in understanding how states are using their Federal-aid High-way funds. 
Promotes Innovative Technologies 
The FAST Act provides for the deployment 
of transportation technologies and conges-tion management tools that support an effi-cient and safe surface transportation system. It encourages the installation of vehicle-to- infrastructure equipment to reduce conges-tion and improve safety. 
Focus on Highway Safety 
The FAST Act increases the focus on road-
way safety infrastructure and on the safety needs of pedestrians. In addition, there is an increase in funding to improve the safety of railway-highway grade crossings. 
Additional Provisions 
The FAST Act removes a requirement 
which would have required states to collect superfluous data on unpaved and gravel roads. It also bans the use of funding for automated traffic enforcement systems. 
Additional Explanatory Language 
The conferees intend that a wide range of 
freight projects be eligible under the new formula and competitive grant programs, in-cluding projects that eliminate freight bot-tlenecks, use new technologies to improve the efficiency of freight movement, and mod-ify highways to provide additional freight capacity, including by physically separating passenger vehicles from commercial trucks. 
The conference report expands the flexi-
bility for the use of Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement Program (CMAQ) funds for rural states and for the use of CMAQ funds for port-related freight oper-ations and vehicle-infrastructure commu-nications equipment. 
The conferees intend that none of the 
amendments made by section 1308 affect the authority of the U.S. Department of Justice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.024 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8806 December 1, 2015 
related to an approved state’s implementa-
tion of NEPA that existed prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
Pursuant to section 1403 of the conference 
report, conferees intend that additional mon-ies deposited into the Highway Trust Fund by subsequent Acts shall automatically be made available for obligation to states, with-out further action by Congress. These adjust-ments to contract authority, which will be distributed among authorized programs in the same manner as set forth in the FAST Act, will ensure that any funding that flows into the Highway Trust Fund can imme-diately be used to fund necessary surface transportation investments. 
T
ITLE II—I NNOVATIVE PROJECT FINANCE  
Title II of the FAST Act makes additional 
modifications to improve access to the TIFIA program and expand leveraging oppor-tunities. Specifically, it updates the TIFIA program to enable it to be better utilized by rural areas and more accessible for small projects. This is accomplished by using the leveraging ability of TIFIA to support state infrastructure banks and allowing the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) to set-aside TIFIA funding in order to replace the fees typically collected from TIFIA bor-rowers to pay for independent financial anal-ysis and outside counsel for rural projects. 
The conference report also directs USDOT 
to establish a streamlined application proc-ess for use by an eligible applicant under cer-tain circumstances. It also makes transit- oriented development projects eligible to apply for TIFIA loans and reinstates the ability of a state to capitalize their state in-frastructure bank with their federal-aid highway funds for fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
Lastly, the conference report codifies an 
existing USDOT practice of allowing costs related to highway projects delivered by a public-private partnership that uses an ad-vance construction authorization coupled with the availability payment concession model to be eligible for federal-aid reim-bursement. 
T
ITLE III—P UBLIC TRANSPORTATION  
Title III of the FAST Act reauthorizes the 
programs of the Federal Transit Administra-tion (FTA) through FY 2020 and includes a number of reforms to improve mobility, streamline capital project construction and acquisition, and increase the safety of public transportation systems across the country. 
Invests in Public Transportation 
The FAST Act provides stable, robust 
funding for FTA’s state and local partners. The five years of predictable formula funding provided by this Act will enable recipients to better manage their long-term capital assets and address the backlog of state of good re-pair needs. It also includes funding for new competitive grant programs for buses and bus facilities, innovative transportation co-ordination, frontline workforce training, and public transportation research activities. Overall, the investments made by this Act will promote greater mobility and access to public transportation services throughout the Nation. 
Improves Safety 
The FAST Act clarifies FTA’s safety au-
thority with respect to the oversight of, and responsibilities for, the safe operation of rail fixed guideway public transportation sys-tems. It also requires the Secretary of Trans-portation (Secretary) to undertake a review of safety standards and protocols and evalu-ate the need to establish federal minimum public transportation safety standards. Fi-nally, the Act requires the Secretary to pro-mote workforce safety through a rulemaking process. Promotes Wise Investments 
The FAST Act includes a number of re-
forms to the rolling stock procurement proc-ess in an effort to facilitate more cost-effec-tive investments by public transportation agencies. The conferees are aware that one of the biggest challenges to capital asset acqui-sition, particularly for small and rural pub-lic transportation providers, is the high pur-chasing costs attributable to the relatively small size of the procurement. The Act ad-dresses current purchasing power issues for smaller public transportation providers by supporting cooperative procurements and leasing. 
Additional Explanatory Language 
The conference report includes language 
clarifying the program of interrelated projects under the Capital Investment Grant program. The conferees intend to ensure that project sponsors have the option to seek funding for a program that blends new fixed guideway capital projects, core capacity im-provement projects, and small start projects as well as a program of projects that are only new fixed guideway capital projects, core capacity improvement projects, or small start projects. 
The conferees note the ongoing efforts of 
the USDOT in coordination with the U.S. De-partment of Treasury to advance the Build America Investment Initiative (Initiative). This Initiative is intended to increase infra-structure investment and economic growth by engaging with state and local govern-ments and private sector investors to en-courage collaboration, expand the market for public-private partnerships and put fed-eral credit programs to greater use. The con-ferees encourage the USDOT to utilize all available tools, including the National Sur-face Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau and the Expedited Project Delivery for Capital Investment Grants Pilot Program established in section 3005(b) for public transportation infrastructure projects. 
Section 3005(b) establishes a program for 
the expedited project delivery of projects utilizing public-private partnerships. The program streamlines the project delivery process for up to eight grants for new fixed guideway capital projects, core capacity im-provement projects, or small start projects. The conferees seek to expedite projects that have a federal interest of less than 25 per-cent. The conferees intend state and local governments, as well as private investors to complete their due diligence for a project prior to their agreement to commit to the project. This pilot program maintains the Secretary’s discretion to determine that the eligible project is a part of an approved transportation plan; that the applicant has the legal, financial, and technical capacity to carry out the project; that the project will be supported by a public-private partnership; that the project is supported by an accept-able degree of local financial commitment; and that the project will be operated by ex-isting public transportation providers. The conferees do not intend for public-private partnerships to be a means to privatization, rather the pilot program is intended to en-sure that the FTA has all of the tools nec-essary to allow public transportation infra-structure projects to more effectively lever-age public dollars and encourage private in-vestment through an innovative expedited project delivery method. 
The conferees expect that all projects re-
ceiving funding through this expedited proc-ess enter into revenue service. Therefore, the conference report includes a provision speci-fying that an applicant must repay all fed-eral funds awarded for the project from all federal funding sources, for all eligible project activities, facilities, and equipment, plus interest and penalty charges allowed by 
law if a project is not completed. This provi-sion is intended to ensure that all federal in-terest is protected and returned plus interest if a public-private partnership fails to de-liver a project. 
Section 3005(b) requires the Secretary to 
deliver an annual report on expedited project delivery for capital grants. As with full fund-ing grant agreements under section 5309, this pilot program requires each recipient to con-duct a before and after study report, with an additional description and analysis of pre-dicted and actual benefits and costs of the 
innovative project delivery and financing methods. 
The conference report includes a provision 
to promote the local coordination of all transportation services in an area. The pur-pose of this provision is to ensure that all transportation providers receiving federal assistance coordinate the provision of serv-ice to improve mobility for the transpor-tation disadvantaged, achieve service effi-ciencies, and reduce or eliminate the dupli-cation of transportation services. Section 3006(b) establishes the ‘‘Pilot Program for In-novative Coordinated Access and Mobility’’ to provide grants for innovative projects that improve the coordination of transpor-tation services and non-emergency medical transportation, including the deployment of technology. In section 3006(c), the conferees direct the members of the Interagency Transportation Coordinating Council on Ac-cess and Mobility (Council) to undertake ac-tion to improve local coordination, establish a cost-sharing policy, provide recommenda-tions to Congress on eliminating federal bar-riers to local coordination, and address rec-ommendations made previously to the Coun-cil by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) for member federal agencies. 
Section 3011 of the conference report in-
cludes a provision to allow rolling stock manufacturers that procure iron and steel produced in the United States, as defined in 49 CFR 661.5(b), to include the cost of that iron and steel in the domestic content cal-culation made pursuant to section 5323(j)(2)(C), when such iron or steel is used in rolling stock frames and car shells. The conferees intend for this provision to apply to rolling stock frames or car shells, regard-less of where they are produced, provided the iron or steel is produced in the United States. 
To increase accountability, section 3011 re-
quires the Secretary, upon denial of a Buy America waiver, to issue a written certifi-cation that the item is produced in the United States in a sufficient and reasonably available amount, the item is of satisfactory quality, and includes a list of known manu-facturers in the United States from which the item can be obtained. This section subse-quently requires the Secretary to disclose any waiver denial and subsequent written certification on the website of the USDOT. 
The conference report includes a definition 
of a small purchase to mean a purchase of not more than $150,000 for the application of Buy America requirements in section 5323(j). 
Section 3013 provides the Secretary with 
increased authority to assist public trans-portation systems with severe safety needs. MAP–21 granted the Secretary permission to take enforcement actions against recipients that are noncompliant with federal transit safety law. The conferees expect the Sec-retary to utilize this authority to issue di-rectives, require more frequent oversight, impose more frequent reporting require-ments, require that formula grant funds be spent to correct safety deficiencies before funds are spent on other projects, withdraw funds from a recipient, and provide direct safety oversight when deemed necessary. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.026 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8807 December 1, 2015 
addition, the conferees intend to provide 
clarification that the FTA’s authority ex-tends to each of the states in which a multi- state fixed guideway public transportation system operates. 
Section 3017 amends FTA’s Buses and Bus 
Facilities grant program to reflect a number of changes. This section allows recipients in a state to pool formula funds to accommo-date larger scale procurements. Subsection (b) reinstitutes a competitive grant bus pro-gram to address the capital investment needs of public transportation systems across the country. This competitive grant program includes a 10 percent rural set-aside and a limitation that not more than 10 per-cent of all grant amounts be awarded to a single grantee. States may also submit a statewide application for bus needs to allow the state, rather than the federal govern-ment to distribute competitively awarded grant funds. 
The conference report also incorporates 
grants for low or no emission buses and bus facilities, previously included in the research program, into the competitive bus program. The conferees note that these grants are ap-propriately situated in the bus program and have included language to ensure that any vehicles or facilities financed under this pro-gram are ready for full integration into a public transportation system. Additionally, the new low or no emissions buses and bus facilities grant program includes project eli-gibility for rehabilitating or improving ex-isting public transportation facilities to ac-commodate low or no emission vehicles to account for such things as retrofitting to in-clude charging stations. 
The conferees are aware that one of the 
biggest challenges to capital asset acquisi-tion, particularly for small and rural public transportation providers, is the high pur-chasing costs attributable to the relatively small size of the procurement. The conferees intend to address current purchasing power issues for smaller public transportation pro-
viders in a variety of ways. First, the con-ference report includes a provision allowing multiple states and providers to purchase capital assets through cooperative procure-ments. These procurements allow one state to act as a lead procurement agency in an administrative capacity on behalf of each participant to the contract. These voluntary cooperative procurements will enable pro-viders purchasing similar capital assets to pool their procurement requests, which will increase the size of the request and result in the procurement receiving a more competi-tive bid from the manufacturers. This provi-sion will not only support the needs of small and rural public transportation providers, but also provide additional purchasing op-portunities for large and medium-sized pub-lic transportation providers. 
In addition, the conference report creates a 
pilot program to allow up to three geo-graphically diverse nonprofits to host coop-erative procurement contracts. These are in-tended to be separate from the state coopera-tive purchasing contracts and provide an-other opportunity for public transportation systems of all sizes to enhance their pur-chasing options. 
Section 3019 of the conference report re-
duces the barriers for transit agencies to de-velop and enter into leasing arrangements for public transportation equipment or fa-cilities by removing existing regulatory re-quirements that have impeded the authority of transit agencies seeking to reduce long- term capital costs. The conference report en-sures that the terms of a lease agreement are negotiated by the grantee to best suit their short- and long-term needs. 
T
ITLE IV—H IGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY  
Title IV of the FAST Act reauthorizes 
highway traffic safety programs adminis-tered by the National Highway Traffic Safe-
ty Administration (NHTSA) through FY 2020 and makes several reforms to existing law to help keep drivers, pedestrians, and our roads safer. 
Prioritizes Emerging Safety Needs 
The FAST Act enables states to spend 
more funds on the pressing safety needs unique to their states by reallocating unspent National Priority Safety Program funds and increasing the percentage of such funds that can be flexed to each state’s tradi-tional safety programs. It also requires the Secretary to study the feasibility of estab-lishing an impairment standard for drivers under the influence of marijuana and provide recommendations on how to implement such a standard. Finally, the Act requires NHTSA to take additional actions to improve aware-ness of the dangers of drug impaired driving. 
Improves Safety 
The FAST Act reforms the Impaired Driv-
ing Countermeasures, Distracted Driving, and State Graduated Driver License incen-tive grants to reduce unreasonable barriers to state eligibility, while strengthening in-centives for states to adopt laws and regula-tions to improve highway safety. It encour-ages states to increase driver awareness of commercial motor vehicles. Finally, the Act creates a state grant to enhance safety for bicyclists, pedestrians, and other non-motor-ized users. 
Additional Explanatory Language 
The conferees are concerned about the dan-
gers posed by unsecured loads on non-com-mercial vehicles. Federal grant funds for state-run safety campaigns raising aware-ness about the dangers posed by unsecured loads are currently eligible for funding under State Highway Safety Programs (23 U.S.C. 402). Therefore, the conferees encourage states to address unsecured loads the next time they submit their State Highway Safe-ty Program for approval by the Secretary or through other state initiatives. 
The conferees are concerned with the num-
ber of deaths due to impaired driving. The conference report includes Senate language to create an incentive grant for states that provide a 24–7 sobriety program available for use within a state. 
As a condition of receiving grant funds, 
NHTSA currently requires states to sign cer-tifications and assurances that they comply with applicable statutes and regulations with regard to maintenance of effort require-ments. The conference report provides addi-tional flexibility to allow states to certify compliance with maintenance of effort re-quirements. Therefore, the conferees expect that NHTSA should reasonably defer to state interpretations and analyses that underpin such certifications. 
T
ITLE V—M OTOR CARRIERS  
Title V of the FAST Act reauthorizes the 
programs of the Federal Motor Carrier Safe-ty Administration (FMCSA) through FY 2020 and includes several reforms to improve truck and bus safety, while reducing regu-latory burdens. 
Improves Safety 
The FAST Act incentivizes the adoption of 
innovative truck and bus safety technologies and accelerates the implementation of safety regulations required by law. The Act also au-thorizes a new testing method to detect the use of drugs and alcohol by commercial motor vehicle drivers. 
Reduces Regulatory Burdens 
The FAST Act reforms the regulatory 
process by requiring FMCSA to use the best available science and data on various seg-ments of the trucking industry when devel-oping rulemakings and by establishing a process under which the public or the motor 
carrier industry can petition FMCSA to re-vise or repeal regulations if they are no longer current, consistent, and uniformly en-forced. The Act also consolidates nine exist-ing FMCSA grant programs into four and streamlines program requirements to reduce administrative costs and regulatory burdens on states. 
Provides Opportunities for Veterans 
The FAST Act awards grant priority to 
programs that train veterans for careers in the trucking industry and reduces regu-latory barriers faced by veterans seeking employment as commercial truck and bus drivers. It also establishes a pilot program for younger veterans and reserve members that received training during their service in the military to drive certain commercial motor vehicles in interstate commerce. 
Reform of Compliance, Safety, Accountability 
Program 
The FAST Act requires a thorough review 
and reform of the current enforcement prioritization program to ensure that FMCSA’s Compliance, Safety, Account-ability analysis is the most reliable possible for the public and for enforcement purposes. Following reviews by the GAO, the U.S. De-partment of Transportation Inspector Gen-eral and various law enforcement organiza-tions, the Act requires that FMCSA analysis 
of enforcement data be temporarily removed from public websites on the day after enact-ment, until the agency has completed re-forms required by this Act. Enforcement and inspection data reported by states and en-forcement agencies will remain available for public view. 
Additional Explanatory Language 
Section 5101 requires that states grant 
maximum reciprocity for inspections con-ducted using a nationally accepted system that allows ready identification of pre-viously inspected commercial motor vehi-cles. The conferees believe that decals used to meet this requirement should adhere to design and functional requirements as speci-fied by the Secretary. Section 5101 also pro-vides additional flexibility for states to exer-cise the ‘‘Right of Entry’’ requirement pro-vided by the Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program to ensure that alternate methods for gaining access to motor carriers can be used to satisfy inspection or enforcement re-quirements. 
The FMCSA has informed the conferees 
and the conferees agree that nothing in sec-tion 5402 authorizes the use of hair testing as an alternative to urine tests until the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services establishes federal standards for hair testing. 
The conferees intend section 5501 to be car-
ried out to identify delays experienced by commercial motor vehicle drivers, including during the loading and unloading of goods at shipper and receiver facilities. The conferees do not intend this provision to measure pro-ductivity at ports. 
Section 5515 requires the Administrator of 
the FMCSA to conduct a study on the safety effects of a motor carrier operator com-muting more than 150 minutes. On June 17, 2014, a tractor-trailer struck a van near Cranbury, New Jersey, killing one person and injuring several others. According to the National Transportation Safety Board, the truck driver had been awake more than 24 hours at the time of the crash. In addition, the Georgia-based driver had driven 12 hours overnight to his job in Delaware before start-ing his shift. The study shall address the prevalence of long commutes in the industry and the impact on safety. 
Conferees expect that the implementation 
of section 5516 will provide the maximum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.027 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8808 December 1, 2015 
flexibility possible to re-route longer com-
bination vehicles in the affected state to di-vided highways, highway facilities designed for freight transportation, or along routes that will enhance overall highway safety. 
In implementing section 32934 of MAP–21, 
FMCSA determined that the language in subsection (b), which ensures that federal transportation funds to a state would ‘‘not be terminated, limited, or otherwise inter-fered with,’’ only applied with respect to the exemptions enumerated in subsection (a) and not with respect to any further exemption or other minimum standard imposed by state law or regulation. Section 5518 clarifies that states which enact laws or regulations that exempt or impose other minimum standards beyond those enumerated in subsection (a) for farm vehicles and the drivers of such ve-hicles will not lose federal transportation funds. FMCSA reviewed this section and in-formed the conferees that it will be imple-mented in the manner described above. 
T
ITLE VI—I NNOVATION  
Title VI of the FAST Act reauthorizes the 
programs for the research activities of the USDOT through FY 2020 and includes several provisions to promote innovation and the use and deployment of transportation tech-nologies to address various surface transpor-tation needs. 
Invests in Innovation 
The FAST Act provides dedicated Highway 
Trust Fund authorizations to carry out re-search and development, technology deploy-ment, training and education, intelligent transportation systems activities, grants to University Transportation Centers, and to administer the Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS). 
Emphasizes Technology 
The FAST Act ensures that these programs 
areimplemented and Intelligent Transpor-tation Systems (ITS) are deployed in a tech-nology neutral manner.The Act promotes technology neutral policies that accelerate vehicle and transportation safety research, development and deployment by promoting innovation and competitive market-based outcomes, while using federal funds effi-ciently and leveraging private sector invest-ment across the automotive, transportation and technology sectors. 
Promotes Safety 
The FAST Act encourages FHWA and 
other federal agencies, states, local govern-ments, and stakeholders to examine addi-tional ways that they can safely and expedi-ently drive the adoption, deployment, and delivery of innovative technology and tech-niques that would enhance the safety and ef-ficiency of the Nation’s roadways. 
Establishes a Competitive Deployment Program 
The FAST Act establishes a competitive 
advanced transportation and congestion management technologies deployment grant program to promote the use of innovative transportation solutions. The deployment of these technologies will provide Congress and USDOT with valuable real life data and feed-back to inform future decision making. 
Updates Federal Regulations 
The use of transportation technologies by 
state and local partners is growing, and the FAST Act makes several changes to ensure that federal regulations promote innovation, not stand in its way. 
Additional Explanatory Language 
The conference report provides for the col-
lection of statistics on port capacity and throughput for the 25 largest ports to be re-ported annually by the BTS. 
The conference report focuses on research 
for user based alternative revenue mecha-nisms that preserve a user fee structure to 
maintain the long-term solvency of the Highway Trust Fund. It is essential that the federal government properly invest in our in-frastructure by looking to alternative rev-enue sources. 
The conferees believe that federal, state, 
and local agencies must be prepared for the future growth and adoption of innovative technologies such as autonomous vehicles and that the ITS program should support re-search initiatives that are engaged in the re-search, development, testing, and validation of autonomous vehicle technologies. 
Subtitle C of Title V of the Water Re-
sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1332–1345) established the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act’’ (WIFIA), a program designed to assist a wide array of water resources infrastructure projects intended to attract private capital, along with state and local public capital, alongside federal investment.Section 1445 of the conference report modifies the WIFIA program to ensure both public and private capital have an equal opportunity to partici-pate, thereby ensuring financing is ade-quately leveraged. Some have expressed con-cerns that modifying the prohibition on the use of tax exempt debt financing may inad-vertently disadvantage private capital being used in financing projects.The conferees would request that as the Environmental Protection Agency and the US Army Corps of Engineers continue to implement the WIFIA program, the agencies include speci-fications that will ensure private capital has an equal opportunity to engage in the fi-nancing of these projects. 
T
ITLE VII—H AZARDOUS MATERIAL  
TRANSPORTATION  
Title VII of the FAST Act strengthens and 
advances the safe and efficient movement of hazardous materials through a number of re-forms and safety improvements. It also au-thorizes hazardous materials safety and grant programs for fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
Enhances Emergency Preparedness and Re-
sponse 
The FAST Act reforms an underutilized 
grant program to get more resources to states and Indian tribes for emergency re-sponse, while also granting states more power to decide how to spend their planning and training grants to improve emergency response. It helps better leverage training funding for hazardous materials employees and those enforcing hazardous material regu-lations. 
Streamlines Processes and Creates Certainty 
and Transparency for Industry 
The FAST Act accelerates the administra-
tive process and reduces inefficiencies to cre-ate certainty for the hazardous materials in-dustry with special permits and approvals. The Act requires a full review of third-party classification labs to ensure the labs can per-form such examinations in a manner that meets the hazardous materials regulations. Furthermore, it allows the Pipelines and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) to respond more effectively during national emergencies. Finally, it requires PHMSA to withdraw a rulemaking on ‘‘wetlines’’ consistent with a GAO study rec-ommending that PHMSA collect more data before proceeding further. 
Enhances Information Available to First Re-
sponders 
The FAST Act requires Class I railroads to 
generate accurate, real-time, electronic train composition information for first re-sponders through agreements with fusion centers and to provide information about certain flammable liquid shipments to State Emergency Response Commissions (SERCs). 
It prohibits the withholding of train com-position information from first responders in the event of an accident, incident, or emer-gency. The Act requires the USDOT to estab-lish security and confidentiality protections for the release of any information intended for fusion centers, SERCs, or other author-ized persons. It also requires a GAO study on the quality of emergency response informa-tion carried by train crews. 
Improves Tank Car Safety Requirements 
The FAST Act enhances safety by requir-
ing new tank cars to be equipped with ‘‘ther-mal blankets,’’ mandating all legacy DOT– 111 tank cars in flammable liquids service are upgraded to new retrofit standards re-gardless of the product shipped, and setting minimum requirements for the protection of certain valves. Further, it requires reporting on the industry-wide progress and capacity to modify DOT–111 tank cars. Finally, the Act requires a derailment test and an inde-pendent evaluation to investigate braking technology requirements for the movement of trains carrying certain hazardous mate-rials, and it requires the Secretary to deter-mine, fully incorporating the results of the testing and evaluation, whether recent elec-tronically-controlled pneumatic braking sys-tem requirements are justified. 
T
ITLE VIII—M ULTIMODAL FREIGHT  
TRANSPORTATION  
Title VIII of the FAST Act focuses atten-
tion on the importance of multimodal freight transportation as a foundation for the United States to compete in the global economy. The Act establishes a multimodal freight policy and a national multimodal freight strategic plan and designates a Na-tional Multimodal Freight Network to assist states in strategically directing resources and informing freight transportation plan-ning. 
The FAST Act encourages each state to es-
tablish a freight advisory committee com-prised of freight stakeholders to provide input on freight projects and funding needs. Further, states will be required to develop a fiscally-constrained freight plan, either inde-pendently or incorporated into the broader transportation planning process. 
Additional Explanatory Language 
The conferees intend for states to solicit 
input from a broad range of freight stake-holders in adding mileage to the National Multimodal Freight Network, including crit-ical rural freight corridors. The conferees in-tend for states to take a strong lead in desig-nating facilities for inclusion in the final Na-tional Multimodal Freight Network. 
The conferees emphasize the importance of 
the national strategic freight plan, which will now be multimodal in scope, and, among other things, will assess the conditions and performance of the National Multimodal Freight Network, and develop best practices for improving the performance of the Net-work, including critical commerce corridors and critical urban and rural access to crit-ical freight corridors. 
T
ITLE IX—N ATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPOR -
TATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU  
Title IX of the FAST Act establishes the 
National Surface Transportation and Innova-tive Finance Bureau (Bureau) within USDOT. The Bureau will serves as a one- stop-shop for states and local governments to receive federal financing or funding as-sistance, as well as technical assistance, in order to move forward with complex surface transportation projects. The Act directs the Bureau to administer the application process for various credit assistance programs and the NSFHP program; promote innovative fi-nancing best practices; reduce uncertainty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.028 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8809 December 1, 2015 
and delays with environmental reviews and 
permitting; reduce costs and risks to tax-payers in project delivery; and procurement. The Act also gives the Secretary the author-ity to consolidate or eliminate different of-fices within USDOT. These targeted im-provements are based on previous congres-sionally initiated reforms, oversight, and USDOT led pilot projects that seek to reduce project delays and maximize taxpayer fund-ing. 
Finally, the FAST Act establishes a Coun-
cil on Credit and Finance (Council) within USDOT. It requires the Council to review ap-plications for various credit assistance pro-grams and the NSFHP program, as appro-priate, and then make recommendations to the Secretary about which applications should receive federal financing or funding assistance. 
T
ITLE X—S PORT FISHRESTORATION AND  
RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY  
Title X of the FAST Act reauthorizes ex-
penditure authority for the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act through FY 2020 and reforms grant programs to reduce ad-ministrative costs and increase flexibility for states. The Act also provides parity for the Coast Guard by establishing a set-aside for the Service’s administrative expenses. 
Additional Explanatory Language 
The conferees understand that funds pro-
vided under section 10001 are sufficient to pay the salaries and expenses of some, but not all, of the personnel whose duties exclu-sively involve boating safety, but who are currently funded out of the Service’s Oper-ating Expenses account. Under the authority provided by section 10002, the conferees ex-pect the Coast Guard to use any additional funds provided under section 10001 to pay only the salaries and expenses of personnel whose duties exclusively involve boating safety. 
The majority of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife 
Service’s (USFWS) grants management work with state fish and wildlife agencies occurs at the regional level. As a result, the con-ferees direct the USFWS to prioritize the use of administrative funds by regional offices to improve grant administration timeliness and responsiveness to state fish and wildlife agencies. 
T
ITLE XI—R AIL 
Title XI of the FAST Act reforms Amtrak 
to improve its business operations and plan-ning; improves rail infrastructure; strength-ens freight and passenger rail safety; acceler-ates project delivery; and leverages innova-tive rail financing, including potential pri-vate sector capital, by reforming an under-utilized loan program. 
Authorizations 
The FAST Act authorizes fiscally-respon-
sible levels for Amtrak, under a new struc-ture that provides separate funding author-izations for the Northeast Corridor and the National Network. It also authorizes three grant programs to help improve the Nation’s rail infrastructure to meet the future needs of freight and passenger movement. 
Amtrak Reforms 
The FAST Act makes significant reforms 
to the way Amtrak structures its financial reporting and planning functions. This Act aligns these critical functions along Am-trak’s core operating business lines. All of Amtrak’s financial, business, and asset ac-tivities are required to be organized in a way that supports the corporation’s major busi-ness lines. These provisions will allow North-east Corridor net operating revenues to be 
re-invested into the Corridor’s substantial capital investment needs, while ensuring Amtrak has the tools and resources needed to efficiently operate its National Network. The Act also creates a State-Supported Route Committee to encourage a more col-laborative relationship between states, Am-trak, and USDOT regarding state-supported routes for which states provide financial re-sources. Finally, the Act encourages non-fed-eral participation in certain elements of Am-trak’s system by creating station develop-ment opportunities for the private sector; exploring the potential for new revenue streams through right-of-way development; and facilitating the use of local products on Amtrak routes. 
Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
The FAST Act includes provisions to im-
prove the Nation’s rail infrastructure and its intercity passenger rail service, while ensur-ing sound use of taxpayer investments in passenger rail projects. The subtitle author-izes a new Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Improvements grant program to support a broad array of rail projects and ac-tivities, using cost-benefit analysis prin-ciples for project selection, and repeals du-plicative grant programs. It authorizes a Federal-State Partnership for State of Good Repair grant program designed to improve critical rail assets with a backlog of deferred maintenance, such as Northeast Corridor in-frastructure. It also authorizes a Restoration and Enhancement Grant program to assist with, on a competitive basis, the initiation or restoration of routes formerly operated by Amtrak, including the rail service discon-tinued in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. This program is paired with funding for a Gulf Coast Working Group to study the re-turn of this service. 
The Act also includes provisions to en-
hance collaborative capital planning efforts amongst all Northeast Corridor users. The Act creates competitive opportunities for intercity passenger rail routes and strength-ens requirements for large capital projects funded with federal dollars. All grant pro-
grams are subject to the grant conditions contained in section 24405 of title 49, United States Code. 
Rail Safety 
The safe movement of goods and people by 
rail remains the top rail policy priority of both the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) recently reported that fiscal year 2014 was one of the safest years on record, and the agency noted that, since fiscal year 2005, total train accidents have declined by 46 per-cent, total derailments have declined by 47 percent, and total highway-rail grade cross-ing incidents have declined by 24 percent. The FAST Act aims to further increase safe-ty. 
The FAST Act includes several provisions 
to improve the safety of highway-rail grade crossings, including grade crossing safety ac-tion plans, a private grade crossing study, and an evaluation on the use of locomotive horns at grade crossings. Additionally, the Act includes requirements to strengthen the safety of passenger rail, including loco-motive recording devices, speed limit action plans, and locomotive alerters. It also in-cludes a post-accident assessment for the Amtrak accident on May 12, 2015, in Phila-delphia, Pennsylvania. The FAST Act also establishes a process 
for obtaining a public version of a bridge in-spection report, such as a summary form. However, it does not require a railroad to provide, or authorize the FRA to provide, any copy of any bridge inspection report pre-pared in accordance with section 417 of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 to any state, political subdivision of a state, or other unauthorized persons. 
Project Delivery 
Moving projects through the federal review 
process can be challenging given the number of agencies and entities involved. Subtitle E of this title, the Train, Railroad, and Infra-structure Network Act, streamlines the process for approving rail projects without compromising our historic and natural re-sources. It does so by applying important provisions already in law for other modes of transportation to rail projects. It directs the 
Secretary to apply to rail—to the greatest extent feasible—the expedited environmental review procedures already used for highways and transit. It also requires the Secretary to engage in a process to identify additional categorical exclusions used in transportation projects and to propose new and existing ex-clusions for rail. With respect to historic sites, it preserves existing requirements for important historic sites, such as historic sta-tions, while ensuring expedited delivery of critical improvements to rail infrastructure. It ensures that improvements to certain bridges and tunnels over which common-car-rier service has been discontinued or railbanked, but not those bridges and tun-nels abandoned from the interstate rail net-work, are not considered a use of a historic site. This will create an improved and more equitable way for the USDOT to manage fed-eral permitting and reviews for all surface transportation programs, regardless of mode. 
Financing 
Innovative financing programs are a meth-
od to advance major infrastructure. The Railroad Rehabilitation Improvement and Financing (RRIF) program is authorized to provide loans and loan guarantees to rail-road projects, ranging from short-line rail-road equipment to passenger rail facilities. While this program provides attractive low- interest, long-term financing, it has not been extensively utilized, and its inflexible terms and limited consideration of project-finance style lending features limit its utility to large-scale infrastructure projects. Subtitle F of this title, the Railroad Infrastructure Financing Improvement Act (RIFIA), in-cludes several provisions designed to unlock this program by streamlining USDOT’s ap-proval processes; mirroring programmatic features similar to the successful TIFIA pro-gram to make RRIF a more flexible lender; and making it easier to develop partnerships that combine RRIF loans with other types of financing, including private financing. It also requires the Secretary to pay back the credit risk premium, with interest, to a bor-rower that has repaid its RRIF loan, regard-less of whether the loan is or was included in a cohort. The intent of this provision is for the Secretary to pay back such credit risk premium, with interest, as soon as feasible but not later than three months after the date of enactment. Finally, subtitle F in-cludes language that modifies general au-thority to provide direct loans under RRIF to include at least one of the eligible appli-cants in a joint venture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.029 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8810 December 1, 2015 
H.R. 22, FIXING AMERICA’S SURFACE TRANSPORTATION ACT (FAST ACT) 
H.R. 
22 
EAH H.R. 
22 
EAS Titles Conference Agreement 
DIVISION A—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
1 1 
2 Short title; table of contents ................................................................................................. .............................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
2 3 Definitions ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................ Senate recedes. 
3 4 Effective date ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
4 ................... References ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................ Senate recedes. 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
1101 11001 Authorization of appropriations ..................................................................................... ...................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1102 11002 Obligation ceiling .................................................................................................. ............................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1103 ................... Definitions ............................................................................................ ................................................................................................ Senate recedes. 
1104 11003 Apportionment ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1105 ................... National highway performance program ................................................................... .......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1106 11004 
11014 Surface transportation block grant program ..................................................................................... .................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
1107 35401 Railway-highway grade crossings ..................................................................................... .................................................................. Senate recedes. 
1108 11011 
11012 Highway safety improvement program ............................................................................................. ................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1109 11013 Congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program ........................................................... ................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
1110 43001 National highway freight policy ..................................................................................... ...................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1111 44001 
44002 Nationally significant freight and highway projects ............................................................................ ............................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1112 ................... Territorial and Puerto Rico highway program ............................................................ ......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1113 12101 Federal lands and tribal transportation program ..................................................................... .......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1114 11024 Tribal transportation program amendment ............................................................................. ............................................................ House recedes. 
1115 11027 Federal lands transportation program ................................................................................ ................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
1116 ................... Tribal transportation self-governance program .......................................................... ......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1117 11020 Emergency relief for federally owned roads .......................................................................... .............................................................. House recedes. 
1118 11007 Highway use tax evasion projects .................................................................................... ................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1119 11008 Bundling of bridge projects ......................................................................................... ........................................................................ Senate recedes. 
1120 ................... Tribal High Priority Projects program .................................................................. ................................................................................ House recedes. 
1121 11010 Construction of ferry boats and ferry terminal facilities ........................................................... ......................................................... House recedes. 
Subtitle B—Planning and Performance Management 
1201 11005 Metropolitan transportation planning ................................................................................ .................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
1202 11006 Statewide and nonmetropolitan transportation planning ............................................................... .................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
Subtitle C—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
1301 11116 Satisfaction of requirements for certain historic sites ............................................................. .......................................................... Senate recedes. 
1302 ................... Treatment of improvements to rail and transit under preservation requirements .......................... .................................................. Senate recedes. 
1303 ................... Clarification of transportation environmental authorities .............................................. ..................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1304 11117 Bridge exemption from consideration under certain provisions ........................................................ ................................................. House recedes. 
1305 11103 
11104 11105 11106 Efficient environmental reviews for project decisionmaking ..................................................................... ......................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1306 11107 Improving transparency in environmental reviews ..................................................................... ......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1307 11108 
31106 Integration of planning and environmental review ............................................................................... .............................................. House recedes with modifications. 
1308 11109 Development of programmatic mitigation plans ........................................................................ ......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1309 ................... Delegation of authorities .............................................................................. ....................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1310 11101 Categorical exclusion for projects of limited Federal assistance .................................................... ................................................... Senate recedes. 
1311 11113 
31105 Application of categorical exclusions for multimodal projects .................................................................. ......................................... Senate recedes. 
1312 11112 Surface transportation project delivery program ..................................................................... ............................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
1313 ................... Program for eliminating duplication of environmental reviews ........................................... ............................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1314 12202 Assessment of progress on accelerating project delivery ............................................................. ...................................................... Senate recedes. 
1315 ................... Improving State and Federal agency engagement in environmental reviews ................................. ................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1316 31103 
11110 Accelerated decisionmaking in environmental reviews ............................................................................ ........................................... Senate recedes. 
1317 31104 Aligning Federal environmental reviews .............................................................................. ................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 31101 Delegation of authority ....................................................................................... ................................................................................. Senate recedes. 
........... 31102 Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Center .................................................................. .................................................................. Senate recedes. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous 
1401 11017 
11018 11019 Tolling; HOV facilities; Interstate reconstruction and rehabilitation .......................................................... ........................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
1402 ................... Prohibition on the use of funds for automated traffic enforcement ...................................... ............................................................ Senate recedes. 
1403 11205 
34104 Repeat offender criteria ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
1404 12204 Highway Trust Fund transparency and accountability .................................................................. ...................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1405 11204 High priority corridors on National Highway System .................................................................. ......................................................... Senate recedes. 
1406 11009 Flexibility for projects ............................................................................................ ............................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1407 11009 Productive and timely expenditure of funds .......................................................................... ............................................................. Senate recedes. 
1408 11015 Consolidation of programs ........................................................................................... ........................................................................ Senate recedes. 
1409 11028 Federal share payable ............................................................................................... ........................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1410 ................... Elimination or modification of certain reporting requirements .......................................... ................................................................ Senate recedes. 
1411 14001 Technical corrections ............................................................................................... ............................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
1412 12208 
14001 Safety for users ............................................................................................................... ..................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1413 12208 Design standards .................................................................................................... ............................................................................. Senate recedes. 
1414 ................... Reserve fund ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications.  
1415 ................... Adjustments ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications.  
1416 11022 National electric vehicle charging, hydrogen, propane, and natural gas fueling corridors ............................ .................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
1417 ................... Ferries ................................................................................................ ................................................................................................... House recedes. 
1418 15005 Study on performance of bridges ..................................................................................... ................................................................... House recedes. 
1419 11207 Relinquishment of park-and-ride lot facilities ...................................................................... .............................................................. Senate recedes. 
1420 ................... Pilot program .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications.  
1421 ................... Innovative project delivery examples ................................................................... ................................................................................ Senate recedes. 
1422 15004 Administrative provisions to encourage pollinator habitat and forage on transportation rights-of-way ................ .......................... Senate recedes. 
1423 ................... Milk products .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................. Senate recedes. 
1424 11203 Interstate weight limits for emergency vehicles ..................................................................... ............................................................ House recedes. 
1425 11203 Vehicle weight limitations—Interstate System ........................................................................ ........................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1426 ................... New national goal, performance measure, and performance target ......................................... ......................................................... House recedes. 
1427 11115 Service club, charitable association, or religious service signs .................................................... ..................................................... Senate recedes. 
1428 ................... Work zone and guard rail safety training ............................................................... ............................................................................ Senate recedes. 
1429 ................... Motorcyclist advisory council .......................................................................... ..................................................................................... Senate recedes with modification. 
1431 ................... Highway work zones ..................................................................................... ........................................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
1432 ................... Study on State procurement of culvert and storm sewer materials ........................................ .......................................................... House recedes. 
1433 ................... Use of durable, resilient, and sustainable materials and practices ..................................... ............................................................. Senate recedes. 
1434 ................... Strategy to address structurally deficient bridges ..................................................... ......................................................................... House recedes. 
1435 ................... Sense of Congress ...................................................................................... ......................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1436 ................... Identification of roadside highway safety hardware devices ............................................. ................................................................. Senate recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.030 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8811 December 1, 2015 
H.R. 22, FIXING AMERICA’S SURFACE TRANSPORTATION ACT (FAST ACT)—Continued 
H.R. 
22 
EAH H.R. 
22 
EAS Titles Conference Agreement 
1437 ................... Use of modeling and simulation technology .............................................................. ......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
1438 ................... National Advisory Committee on Travel and Tourism Infrastructure ....................................... ........................................................... Senate recedes. 
1439 ................... Regulation of motor carriers of property ............................................................... .............................................................................. Senate recedes. 
1440 ................... Emergency exemptions ................................................................................... ...................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1441 ................... Program to assist veterans to acquire commercial driver’s licenses ..................................... ........................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1442 ................... Operation of certain specialized vehicles on certain highways in the State of Arkansas ................. ............................................... Senate recedes. 
1444 ................... Exemptions from requirements for certain welding trucks used in pipeline industry ...................... ................................................. Senate recedes. 
1443 ................... Projects for public safety relating to idling trains ................................................... .......................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
1445 ................... Waiver ................................................................................................. .................................................................................................. Senate recedes. 
1446 ................... Federal authority. ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................ House recedes. 
........... 11016 State flexibility for National Highway System modifications ................................................... ........................................................... House recedes. 
........... 11021 Bridges requiring closure or load restrictions ................................................................ ..................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 11023 Asset management .............................................................................................. ................................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 11025 Nationally significant Federal lands and Tribal projects program .............................................. ....................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 11026 Federal lands programmatic activities ......................................................................... ....................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 11029 Obligation and release of funds ............................................................................... ........................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 11102 Programmatic agreement template ............................................................................... ...................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 11110 Adopting of Departmental environmental documents .............................................................. ........................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 11111 Technical assistance for States ............................................................................... ........................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 11114 Modernization of the environmental review process ............................................................. .............................................................. House recedes. 
........... 11118 Elimination of barriers to improve at-risk bridges ............................................................ ................................................................. House recedes. 
........... 11119 At-risk project preagreement authority ........................................................................ ........................................................................ House recedes. 
........... 11201 Credits for untaxed transportation fuels ...................................................................... ....................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 11202 Justification reports for access points on the Interstate System .............................................. ......................................................... House recedes. 
........... 11206 Vehicle-to-infrastructure equipment ........................................................................... ......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 11208 Transfer and sale of toll credits ............................................................................. ............................................................................ Senate recedes. 
........... 11209 Regional infrastructure accelerator demonstration program ..................................................... ......................................................... House recedes. 
........... 11210 Sonoran Corridor Interstate development ....................................................................... ..................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 12102 Performance management data support program ................................................................... ........................................................... House recedes. 
........... 12201 Every Day Counts initiative ................................................................................... ............................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 12203 Grant program for achievement in transportation for performance and innovation ................................ ......................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 12205 Report on highway trust fund administrative expenditures ...................................................... ......................................................... House recedes. 
........... 12206 Availability of reports ....................................................................................... .................................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 12207 Performance period adjustment ................................................................................. .......................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 15001 Appalachian regional development highway system ............................................................... ............................................................ House recedes. 
........... 15002 Appalachian regional development program ...................................................................... ................................................................. House recedes. 
........... 15003 Water infrastructure finance and innovation ................................................................... ................................................................... House recedes. 
TITLE II—INNOVATIVE PROJECT FINANCE 
2001 13001 Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 1998 amendments ......................................... .................................... House recedes with modifications. 
2002 13001 State infrastructure bank program ................................................................................... ................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
2003 ................... Availability payment concession model .................................................................. ............................................................................. Senate recedes. 
2004 ................... Streamlined application process ........................................................................ ................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
TITLE III—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
3001 21001 Short title ......................................................................................................... .................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
3002 21002 Definitions ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
3003 21003 
21004 Metropolitan and statewide transportation planning ............................................................................. ............................................. House recedes with modifications. 
3004 21005 Urbanized area formula grants ....................................................................................... .................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
3005 21006 Fixed guideway capital investment grants ............................................................................ .............................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
3006 ................... Formula grants for enhanced mobility of seniors and individuals with disabilities ...................... ................................................... Senate recedes. 
3007 21008 Formula grants for rural areas ...................................................................................... ...................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
3008 21009 Research, development, demonstration, and deployment program ........................................................ ............................................ House recedes with modifications. 
3009 21012 Human resources and training ........................................................................................ .................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
3010 21020 Bicycle facilities .................................................................................................. ................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
3011 21013 General provisions .................................................................................................. .............................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
3012 21015 Public transportation safety program ................................................................................ .................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
3013 ................... Apportionments ......................................................................................... ........................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
3014 21016 State of good repair grants ......................................................................................... ........................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
3015 21017 Authorizations ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
3016 21018 Bus and bus facility grants ......................................................................................... ....................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
3017 ................... Obligation ceiling ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
3018 21011 Innovative procurement .............................................................................................. .......................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
3019 ................... Review of public transportation safety standards ....................................................... ....................................................................... Senate recedes. 
3020 ................... Study on evidentiary protection for public transportation safety program information ................... ................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
3021 21007 Mobility of seniors and individuals with disabilities ............................................................... ........................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
3022 ................... Improved transit safety measures ....................................................................... ................................................................................ Senate recedes. 
3023 ................... Paratransit system under FTA approved coordinated plan ................................................. ................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
3024 ................... Report on potential of Internet of Things .............................................................. ............................................................................. Senate recedes. 
3025 ................... Report on parking safety ............................................................................... ...................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
3026 ................... Appointment of directors of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ......................... ................................................... Senate recedes. 
3027 ................... Effectiveness of public transportation changes and funding ............................................. ............................................................... Senate recedes. 
3028 ................... Increase support for Growing States .................................................................... ............................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 21010 Private sector participation .................................................................................. ............................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 21014 Project management oversight .................................................................................. .......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 21019 Salary of Federal Transit Administrator ....................................................................... ....................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 21020 Technical and conforming amendments ........................................................................... .................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 31108 Authorization of grants for positive train control ............................................................ ................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
TITLE IV—HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY 
4001 34101 Authorization of appropriations ..................................................................................... ...................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
4002 34102 Highway safety programs ............................................................................................. ....................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
4003 ................... Highway safety research and development ................................................................ ......................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
4004 ................... High-visibility enforcement program .................................................................... ............................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
4005 34102 
34103 34132 34134 National priority safety programs .............................................................................................. .......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
4006 34122 Stop motorcycle checkpoint funding. ................................................................................. .................................................................. House recedes. 
4007 ................... Marijuana-impaired driving ............................................................................. .................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 34106 Increasing public awareness of the dangers of drug-impaired driving ........................................... .................................................. House recedes. 
4008 ................... National priority safety program grant eligibility ..................................................... ........................................................................... Senate recedes. 
4009 ................... Data collection. ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications 
4010 34141 Technical corrections ............................................................................................... ............................................................................ Senate recedes. 
........... 34105 Study on the national roadside survey of alcohol and drug use by drivers ...................................... ................................................ House recedes. 
........... 34121 
34131 Short title .................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 34133 Barriers to Data Collection Report ............................................................................ .......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
TITLE V—MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Motor Carrier Safety Grant Consolidation 
5101 32502 Grants to States .................................................................................................... ............................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5102 32504 Performance and registration information systems management ......................................................... ............................................. Senate recedes. 
5103 32505 Authorization of appropriations ..................................................................................... ...................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5104 32506 Commercial driver’s license program implementation .................................................................. ...................................................... Senate recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.030 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8812 December 1, 2015 
H.R. 22, FIXING AMERICA’S SURFACE TRANSPORTATION ACT (FAST ACT)—Continued 
H.R. 
22 
EAH H.R. 
22 
EAS Titles Conference Agreement 
5105 32507 Extension of Federal motor carrier safety programs for fiscal year 2016 ............................................. ............................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
5106 32508 Motor carrier safety assistance program allocation .................................................................. ......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5107 32509 Maintenance of effort calculation ................................................................................... .................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 32501 Definitions ................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle B—Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration Reform 
Part I—Regulatory Reform 
5201 32603 Notice of cancellation of insurance ................................................................................. .................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5202 32305 Regulations ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
5203 32303 Guidance ............................................................................................................ .................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
5204 32304 Petitions ........................................................................................................... .................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 32201 Petitions for regulatory relief ............................................................................... ................................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 32202 Inspector standards ........................................................................................... .................................................................................. House recedes. 
Part II—Compliance, Safety, Accountability Reform 
5221 32001 Correlation study ................................................................................................... ............................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5222 32002 Beyond compliance ................................................................................................... ........................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5223 32003 Data certification .................................................................................................. ............................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5224 ................... Interim hiring standard ................................................................................ ....................................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 32004 Data improvement .............................................................................................. .................................................................................. House recedes. 
........... 32005 Accident report information ................................................................................... .............................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
Subtitle C—Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety 
5301 32301 Update on statutory requirements .................................................................................... ................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
5302 32601 Windshield technology ............................................................................................... ........................................................................... House recedes. 
5303 32302 Prioritizing statutory rulemakings .................................................................................. ...................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5304 ................... Safety reporting system ................................................................................ ....................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5305 32503 New entrant safety review program ................................................................................... ................................................................. Senate recedes. 
5306 32201 Ready mixed concrete trucks ......................................................................................... ...................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 32006 Post-accident report review ................................................................................... .............................................................................. House recedes with modifications 
........... 32007 Recognizing excellence in safety .............................................................................. ........................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 32008 High risk carrier reviews ..................................................................................... ................................................................................. House recedes. 
Subtitle D—Commercial Motor Vehicle Drivers 
5401 ................... Opportunities for veterans ............................................................................. ...................................................................................... Senate recedes with modification. 
5402 32611 Drug-free commercial drivers ........................................................................................ ...................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5403 ................... Certified medical examiners ............................................................................ .................................................................................... House recedes. 
5404 32403 Commercial driver access ............................................................................................ ........................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
5405 ................... Veterans expanded trucking opportunities ............................................................... ........................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
Subtitle E—General Provisions 
5501 ................... Minimum financial responsibility ....................................................................... ................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
5502 ................... Delays in goods movement ............................................................................... ................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5503 ................... Report on motor carrier financial responsibility ....................................................... .......................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5504 32401 Emergency route working group ....................................................................................... ................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5505 32606 Household goods consumer protection working group ................................................................... ..................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5506 32203 Technology improvements ............................................................................................. ....................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5507 ................... Notification regarding motor carrier registration ...................................................... .......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5508 ................... Report on commercial driver’s license skills test delays ............................................... .................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5509 ................... Covered farm vehicles .................................................................................. ....................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5510 ................... Operators of hi-rail vehicles .......................................................................... ...................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5511 32602 Electronic logging device requirements .............................................................................. ................................................................. Senate recedes. 
5512 ................... Technical corrections .................................................................................. ......................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5513 ................... Automobile transporter ................................................................................. ........................................................................................ Senate recedes. 
5514 ................... Ready mix concrete delivery vehicles ................................................................... ............................................................................... Senate recedes. 
5515 ................... Safety study regarding double-decker motorcoaches ...................................................... .................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
5516 ................... Transportation of construction materials and equipment. ................................................ ................................................................. Senate recedes. 
5517 ................... Commercial delivery of light- and medium-duty trailers ................................................. .................................................................. Senate recedes. 
5518 32610 GAO Review of school bus safety ..................................................................................... ................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 32402 Additional State Authority .................................................................................... ................................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 32604 Access to National Driver Register ............................................................................ .......................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 32605 Study on Commercial Motor Vehicle Driver Commuting ............................................................ ......................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 32607 Interstate Van Operations ..................................................................................... ............................................................................... 1Senate recedes. 
........... 32608 Report on Design and Implementation of Wireless Roadside Inspection Systems ................................... ......................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 32609 Motorcoach Hours of Service Study ............................................................................. ........................................................................ Senate recedes. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION 
6001 ................... Short title ............................................................................................ ................................................................................................. Senate recedes. 
6002 ................... Authorization of appropriations ........................................................................ ................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
6003 12002 Advanced transportation and congestion management technologies deployment ........................................... .................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
6004 ................... Technology and innovation deployment program ........................................................... ..................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
6005 ................... Intelligent transportation system goals ................................................................ ............................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
6006 ................... Intelligent transportation system program report ....................................................... ........................................................................ Senate recedes. 
6007 ................... Intelligent transportation system national architecture and standards .................................. ........................................................... Senate recedes. 
6008 ................... Communication systems deployment report ................................................................ ........................................................................ Senate recedes. 
6009 ................... Infrastructure development ............................................................................. ..................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
6010 31207 Departmental research programs ...................................................................................... .................................................................. Senate recedes. 
6011 31207 Research and Innovative Technology Administration ................................................................... ....................................................... Senate recedes. 
6012 31208 Office of Intermodalism ............................................................................................. .......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
6013 ................... University transportation centers ...................................................................... ................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
6014 31206 Bureau of Transportation Statistics independence .................................................................... ......................................................... House recedes. 
6015 12004 Surface transportation system funding alternatives .................................................................. ......................................................... Senate recedes. 
6016 12003 Future interstate study ............................................................................................. ........................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
6017 ................... Highway efficiency ..................................................................................... .......................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
6018 ................... Motorcycle safety ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................ House recedes. 
6019 ................... Hazardous materials research and development ........................................................... ..................................................................... Senate recedes. 
6020 ................... Web-based training for emergency responders ............................................................ ....................................................................... Senate recedes. 
6021 ................... Transportation technology policy working group ......................................................... ........................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
6022 ................... Collaboration and support .............................................................................. ..................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
6023 ................... Prize competitions ..................................................................................... ........................................................................................... House recedes. 
6024 ................... GAO report ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
6025 ................... Intelligent transportation system purposes ............................................................. ............................................................................ Senate recedes. 
6026 12001 Infrastructure integrity ............................................................................................ ............................................................................. No agreement. 
6027 31203 Consolidated research prospectus and strategic plan ................................................................. ...................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
6028 ................... Traffic congestion. .................................................................................... ........................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications 
6029 ................... Rail safety. ........................................................................................... ................................................................................................ House recedes 
6030 ................... Study and report on reducing the amount of vehicles owned by certain Federal departments and increasing  the use of com-
mercial ride-sharing by those departments.House recedes. 
........... 12001 Research, technology, and education ........................................................................... ....................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 31201 Findings ...................................................................................................... .......................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 31202 Modal research plans .......................................................................................... ................................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 31204 Research Ombudsman ............................................................................................ ............................................................................. Senate recedes. 
........... 31205 Smart cities transportation planning study .................................................................... .................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 31301 Short title ................................................................................................... .......................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.030 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8813 December 1, 2015 
H.R. 22, FIXING AMERICA’S SURFACE TRANSPORTATION ACT (FAST ACT)—Continued 
H.R. 
22 
EAH H.R. 
22 
EAS Titles Conference Agreement 
........... 31302 Findings ...................................................................................................... .......................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 31303 Port performance freight statistics program ................................................................... .................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
TITLE VII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS TRANSPORTATION 
7001 ................... Short title: Hazardous Materials Safety and Improvement Act of 2015 .................................... ......................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle A—Authorizations 
7002 33105 Authorization of appropriations ..................................................................................... ...................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Material Safety and Improvement 
7003 33104 National emergency and disaster response ............................................................................ ............................................................ Senate recedes. 
7009 ................... Motor carrier safety permits ........................................................................... ..................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
7008 ................... Improving the effectiveness of planning and training grants ............................................ ............................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
7006 ................... Improving publication of special permits and approvals ................................................. .................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
7004 33102 Enhanced reporting .................................................................................................. ............................................................................ Senate recedes. 
7005 ................... Wetlines ............................................................................................... ................................................................................................. Senate recedes. 
7007 ................... GAO study on acceptance of classification examinations ................................................. ................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
7018 33101 Hazardous materials endorsement exemption ........................................................................... .......................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle C—Safe Transportation of Class 3 Flammable Liquids By Rail 
........... ................... Community Safety Grants .......................................................................... .......................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications 
7012 35431 Real-time emergency response information ............................................................................ ............................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35408 Emergency response ............................................................................................ ................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
7015 ................... Phase-out of all tank cars used to transport Class 3 flammable liquids ................................. ....................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
7010 35432 Thermal blankets .................................................................................................... ............................................................................. Senate recedes. 
7017 ................... Minimum requirements for top fittings protection for class DOT–117R tank cars .......................... ................................................. Senate recedes. 
7011 35433 Rulemaking oil spill response plans ................................................................................. .................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 35438 Modification reporting ........................................................................................ .................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35439 Report on crude oil characteristics research study ............................................................ ................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
7019 35434 Hazardous materials by rail liability study ......................................................................... ................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
7013 35435 Study and testing of electronically controlled pneumatic brakes ..................................................... ................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
7014 ................... Study on the efficacy and implementation of the European Train Control System .......................... ................................................. House recedes. 
........... 33103 Hazardous material information ................................................................................ .......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
TITLE VIII—MULTIMODAL FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION 
8001 41001 
41002 41003 42001 42002 42003 42004 Mulitmodal freight transportation .............................................................................................. ......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 42005 Savings provision ............................................................................................. .................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
TITLE IX—NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU 
9001 ................... National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau .......................................... ............................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
9002 ................... Council on Credit and Finance .......................................................................... .................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
TITLE X—SPORT FISH RESTORATION AND RECREATIONAL BOATING SAFETY 
10001 15006 Allocations ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
10002 ................... Recreational boating safety ........................................................................... ...................................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
TITLE XI—RAIL 
1* 35001 
35501 35601 Short Titles and table of contents ............................................................................................. ......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
Subtitle A—Authorizations 
101 35101 Authorization of grants to Amtrak .................................................................................... ................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
102 35104 Authorization of appropriations for Amtrak Office of Inspector General ............................................... ............................................. House recedes with modifications. 
104 501 502 35002 Definitions .............................................................................................................. .............................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
103 ................... National infrastructure investments ..................................................................... ............................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 35103 Authorization of appropriations for National Transportation Safety Board rail investigations .................. ........................................ Senate recedes. 
........... 35102 National Infrastructure Investments ........................................................................... ......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 35105 National cooperative rail research programs ................................................................... ................................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle B—Amtrak Reforms 
201 35201 Accounts ............................................................................................................. .................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
201 35201 Amtrak Grant Process ................................................................................................. ......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
202 35202 5-year business line and assets plans ................................................................................ ............................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
203 35203 State-supported route committee ...................................................................................... .................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35213 Amtrak board of directors ..................................................................................... ............................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
204 35204 Route and Service Planning Decisions ................................................................................. ............................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
206 35207 Food and beverage reform ............................................................................................. ...................................................................... Senate recedes. 
201 35206 Rolling stock purchases .............................................................................................. ......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35208 Local products and promotional events ......................................................................... ..................................................................... House recedes. 
210 35212 Amtrak pilot program for passengers transporting domesticated cats and dogs .......................................... ................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
207 35209 Right-of-way leveraging .............................................................................................. ......................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
208 35210 Station Development .................................................................................................. .......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
211 35214 Amtrak boarding procedures ........................................................................................... ..................................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
209 35211 Amtrak debt .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................... House recedes. 
202 35202 Elimination of duplicative reporting ................................................................................. ................................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
........... 35421 Consolidated rail infrastructure and safety improvements ...................................................... .......................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
301 35302 Federal-state partnership for state of good repair ................................................................... .......................................................... Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 35301 Restoration and Enhancement Grants ............................................................................ ..................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
306 35305 Gulf coast rail service working group ................................................................................ ................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
201 35308 Northeast Corridor Commission ........................................................................................ ................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
205 35205 Competition .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35311 Performance-based proposals ................................................................................... ........................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
304 35303 Large capital project requirements ................................................................................... .................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
305 35304 Small business participation study ................................................................................... .................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 35307 Shared-use study .............................................................................................. ................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35309 Northeast Corridor through-ticketing and procurement efficiencies ............................................. ...................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35310 Data and analysis ............................................................................................. ................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.030 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8814 December 1, 2015 
H.R. 22, FIXING AMERICA’S SURFACE TRANSPORTATION ACT (FAST ACT)—Continued 
H.R. 
22 
EAH H.R. 
22 
EAS Titles Conference Agreement 
........... 35312 Amtrak Inspector General ...................................................................................... .............................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
307 36313 Miscellaneous Provisions ............................................................................................. ........................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 35414 Technical and conforming amendments ........................................................................... .................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
302 ................... RRIF Improvements ....................................................................................... ....................................................................................... House recedes. 
303 ................... NEC Fast Forward ........................................................................................ ........................................................................................ House recedes. 
........... 35306 Integrated passenger rail study ............................................................................... ........................................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle D—Rail Safety 
503 35401 Highway-rail grade crossing safety ................................................................................... .................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35409 Private highway-rail grade crossings .......................................................................... ........................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
504 35415 GAO study on use of locomotive horns at highway-rail grade crossings ................................................. ......................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35444 Positive Train Control at grade crossings effectiveness study ................................................. .......................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35416 Bridge inspection reports ..................................................................................... ................................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35402 Speed limit action plans ...................................................................................... ............................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35404 Alerters ...................................................................................................... ........................................................................................... House recedes. 
........... 35405 Signal protection ............................................................................................. ..................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35407 Commuter rail track inspections ............................................................................... .......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35413 Post-accident assessment ...................................................................................... ............................................................................. House recedes. 
........... 35436 Recording devices ............................................................................................. ................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35411 Railroad police officers ...................................................................................... .................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35410 Repair and replacement of damaged track ....................................................................... ................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
7016 ................... Track safety: Vertical Track Deflection ................................................................ ................................................................................ Senate recedes with modifications. 
........... 35437 Rail passengers liability ..................................................................................... ................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35403 Signage ....................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 35406 Technology implementation plans ............................................................................... ........................................................................ Senate recedes. 
........... 35412 Operation Deep Dive ........................................................................................... ................................................................................. Senate recedes. 
Senate Part IV—Positive Train Control 
........... 35441 Coordination of Spectrum ...................................................................................... .............................................................................. Senate recedes. 
........... 35442 Updated plans ................................................................................................. ..................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 35443 Early adoption and interoperability ........................................................................... .......................................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
........... 35501 Short title: Train, Railroad and Infrastructure Network (TRAIN) Act ........................................... ....................................................... House recedes. 
1302 35502 Treatment of improvements to rail under preservation requirements ................................................... ............................................. Senate recedes. 
401 35503 Efficient environmental reviews ...................................................................................... ..................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
402 35505 Railroad rights-of-way ............................................................................................... .......................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35507 Protections for existing agreements and NEPA .................................................................. ................................................................. House recedes. 
402 35502 Preservation of public lands ......................................................................................... ....................................................................... Senate recedes. 
........... 35504 Advance acquisition ........................................................................................... .................................................................................. Senate recedes. 
........... 35506 Savings clause ................................................................................................ ..................................................................................... Senate recedes. 
Subtitle F—Finance 
........... 35601 Short Title, References ....................................................................................... .................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35602 Definitions ................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35603 Eligible applicants ........................................................................................... .................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35604 Eligible purposes ............................................................................................. ..................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35605 Program administration ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35606 Loan terms and repayment ...................................................................................... ............................................................................ House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35607 Credit risk premiums .......................................................................................... ................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35608 Master credit agreements ...................................................................................... .............................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35609 Priorities and conditions ..................................................................................... ................................................................................. House recedes with modifications. 
........... 35610 Savings provision ............................................................................................. .................................................................................... House recedes with modifications. 
303 ................... Reporting on leveraging RRIF ............................................................................ .................................................................................. Senate recedes with modifications. 
* House section numbers for Title XI correspond to H.R. 749, Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act (EH). 
DIVISION B—COMPREHENSIVE TRANS-
PORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTEC-TION ACT OF 2015 
The Motor Vehicle Safety Title of the con-
ference report includes numerous provisions intended to improve vehicle and roadway safety over the next five years and into the future. The incorporated provisions establish a means of reducing fatalities, injuries, and the associated economic and societal costs resulting from motor vehicle defects and roadway accidents. Specifically, the Title would modernize and improve the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 
(NHTSA) by improving the vehicle safety re-call processes, enhancing agency trans-parency, and increasing efficiency in current regulatory processes. The Title would also increase accountability among automakers and other stakeholders in the automotive in-dustry, promote entrepreneurship and inno-vation within the automotive industry, and foster greater attention to vehicle safety issues from both automakers and regulators. 
To modernize and enhance transparency at 
NHTSA, the Title includes good-government provisions that would require the agency to submit an annual agenda to Congress on its activities for the upcoming year and author-izes additional funding for NHTSA’s vehicle safety program if the agency implements recommendations made by the Department of Transportation Inspector General to im-prove the agency’s efficacy. 
The Title also incentivizes the develop-
ment and utilization of new crash avoidance technologies that can help reduce the sever-
ity of accidents, or prevent accidents alto-gether. It also directs a study on unattended children warning systems. One section di-rects NHTSA to update standards related to Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems. This sec-tion should not be interpreted as precluding 
the use of indirect tire pressure monitoring systems or technologies. Both the House and the Senate have been informed that NHTSA has not identified any safety concerns with the indirect systems currently in use in the United States. The Title also requires NHTSA to promulgate a rule for registration of tires sold by independent retailers. 
To improve the motor vehicle safety recall 
process, the Title expands the availability and accessibility of vehicle safety recall in-formation to consumers and establishes a pilot grant program for States to notify con-sumers of vehicle recalls. These provisions are intended to help improve recall aware-ness among motorists and encourage quick repair of defective vehicles. In addition to these provisions, the Safety Title incentivizes dealers to check for open recalls at the time of service for all patrons and re-quires rental car companies to ground vehi-cles that are subject to an open safety recall until they are fixed. The rental car safety provision contains a rule of construction stating that this section should not be con-strued to create or increase liability under State and local law for damages related to the commercial loss of use of a recalled rent-al vehicle pending completion of the recall remedy. To encourage future adoption of di-
rect vehicle notification of open recalls, the Title also includes a study on the feasibility of such technology. 
The Safety Title includes a provision ad-
dressing regulatory parity between electric and natural gas vehicles. This provision would modify the manner in which the fuel economy of natural gas dual-fueled vehicles is calculated, beginning in 2016, so as to more closely match the way it is done for electric vehicles. 
An essential part of improving vehicle and 
roadway safety is increasing accountability among automotive companies. To that end, the Safety Title extends the time period for automakers to pay for defect remedies from 10 years to 15 years; it extends the period companies must retain safety records from 5 years to 10 years; and increases the max-imum cap on civil penalties for violations of motor vehicle safety standards and laws from $35 million to $105 million upon NHTSA’s certification that its final rule on civil penalty factors has been completed. These provisions reflect the greater lon-gevity of cars on the road and will prompt NHTSA and automakers to identify safety issues earlier so that recalls can be issued to ensure that motor vehicle owners can have the necessary repairs made as quickly as possible. The Title also broadens a com-pany’s recall obligations in the event of bankruptcy and increases corporate respon-sibility for documents submitted to NHTSA. It also incentivizes industry employees to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.030 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8815 December 1, 2015 
1Except where otherwise stated, all section ref-
erences are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ‘‘Code’’). All references to the House amendment refer to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 22 (the ‘‘DRIVE Act’’), the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Re-form Act of 2015, as passed by the House of Rep-resentatives on November 5, 2015. 
2Sec. 9503. The Highway Trust Fund statutory pro-
visions were placed in the Internal Revenue Code in 1982. 3Sec. 9503(e)(1). 
4Sec. 9503(b)(1). 
5The provision also updates the Code provisions 
governing the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund, and the Sport Fish Restoration and Boating Trust Fund. 
6The provision also updates the Code provisions 
governing the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund, and the Sport Fish Restoration and Boating Trust Fund. 
7Cross-references to the reauthorization bill in the 
Code provisions governing the Sport Fish Restora-tion and Boating Trust Fund are also updated to in-clude the conference agreement bill. In addition the date references in the Code provisions governing the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund, and the Sport Fish Restoration and Boating Trust Fund are also updated. 8This portion of the tax rates was enacted as a def-
icit reduction measure in 1993. Receipts from it were retained in the General Fund until 1997 legislation provided for their transfer to the Highway Trust Fund. 
9Secs. 4081(a)(2)(A)(i), 4081(a)(2)(A)(iii), 4041(a)(2), 
4041(a)(3), and 4041(m). Some of these fuels also are subject to an additional 0.1-cent-per-gallon excise tax to fund the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund (secs. 4041(d) and 4081(a)(2)(B)). 
10See secs. 4041(a)(2), 4041(a)(3), and 4041(m). 
11Sec. 4051. 
12Sec. 4071. 
13Sec. 4481. 
14Sec. 4482(c)(4) and (d). come forward with original information 
about possible motor vehicle safety viola-tions by allowing the Secretary of Transpor-tation to pay awards from a portion of recov-ered sanctions. 
Entrepreneurship and experimentation 
within the manufacturing sector are also es-sential components to the automotive indus-try’s development. To promote sustained growth and ingenuity within the low-volume manufacturing industry, the Safety Title in-cludes a section that creates a framework for low-volume manufacturers to produce rep-lica vehicles. One section directs the manu-facturer of the engine installed within rep-lica vehicles to provide instructions to the EPA Administrator and the vehicle manufac-turer explaining how to install the engine and maintain its functionality such that it complies with certain environmental laws and regulations. While the instructions must be submitted to the Administrator, nothing in the legislative language contemplates an approval process by the EPA Administrator. Further, this provision explicitly preserves state registration and licensing authorities over the use of such vehicles. 
DIVISION C—FINANCE 
Tax Complexity Analysis 
Section 4022(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (the ‘IRS Reform Act’) requires the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (in con-sultation with the Internal Revenue Service and the Treasury Department) to provide a tax complexity analysis. The complexity analysis is required for all legislation re-ported by the Senate Committee on Finance, the House Committee on Ways and Means, or any committee of conference if the legisla-tion includes a provision that directly or in-directly amends the Internal Revenue Code and has widespread applicability to individ-uals or small businesses. 
Pursuant to clause 11(a) of rule XXII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation has determined that a complexity analysis is not required under section 4022(b) of the IRS Reform Act because the bill contains no pro-visions that amend the Code and that have ‘widespread applicability’ to individuals or small businesses, within the meaning of the rule. 
T
ITLE XXXI—H IGHWAY TRUST FUND AND  
RELATED TAXES  
Extension of Highway Trust Fund Expendi-
ture Authority (sec. 51101 of the Senate amendment, sec. 31101 of the House amend-ment, sec. 31101 of the conference agree-ment, and secs. 9503, 9504, and 9508 of the Code)
1 
Present Law Highway Trust Fund Expenditure 
Provisions In general 
Under present law, revenues from the high-
way excise taxes, as imposed through Octo-ber 1, 2016, generally are dedicated to the Highway Trust Fund. Dedication of excise tax revenues to the Highway Trust Fund and expenditures from the Highway Trust Fund are governed by the Code.
2The Code author-
izes expenditures (subject to appropriations) from the Highway Trust Fund through De-cember 4, 2015, for the purposes provided in authorizing legislation, as such legislation was in effect on the date of enactment of the 
Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015, Part II. 
Highway Trust Fund expenditure purposes 
The Highway Trust Fund has a separate 
account for mass transit, the Mass Transit Account.
3The Highway Trust Fund and the 
Mass Transit Account are funding sources for specific programs. 
Highway Trust Fund expenditure purposes 
have been revised with each authorization Act enacted since establishment of the High-way Trust Fund in 1956. In general, expendi-tures authorized under those Acts (as the Acts were in effect on the date of enactment of the most recent such authorizing Act) are specified by the Code as Highway Trust Fund expenditure purposes. The Code provides that the authority to make expenditures from the Highway Trust Fund expires after December 4, 2015. Thus, no Highway Trust Fund expenditures may occur after Decem-ber 4, 2015, without an amendment to the Code. 
Section 9503 of the Code appropriates to 
the Highway Trust Fund amounts equivalent to the taxes received from the following: the taxes on diesel, gasoline, kerosene and spe-cial motor fuel, the tax on tires, the annual heavy vehicle use tax, and the tax on the re-tail sale of heavy trucks and trailers.
4Sec-
tion 9601 provides that amounts appropriated to a trust fund pursuant to sections 9501 through 9511, are to be transferred at least monthly from the General Fund of the Treasury to such trust fund on the basis of estimates made by the Secretary of the Treasury of the amounts referred to in the Code section appropriating the amounts to such trust fund. The Code requires that prop-er adjustments be made in amounts subse-quently transferred to the extent prior esti-mates were in excess of, or less than, the amounts required to be transferred. 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
The expenditure authority for the Highway 
Trust Fund is extended through September 30, 2021. The Code provisions governing the purposes for which monies in the Highway Trust Fund may be spent are updated to in-clude the reauthorization bill, the DRIVE Act.
5 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on August 1, 2015. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The expenditure authority for the Highway 
Trust Fund is extended through September 30, 2021. The Code provisions governing the purposes for which monies in the Highway Trust Fund may be spent are updated to in-clude the reauthorization bill, the Surface Transportation and Reauthorization and Re-form Act of 2015.
6 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
November 21, 2015. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement provides for ex-
penditure authority through September 30, 2020.
7The Code provisions governing the pur-poses for which monies in the Highway Trust 
Fund may be spent are updated to include the conference agreement bill, the FAST Act. 
Extension of Highway-Related Taxes (sec. 
51102 of the Senate amendment, sec. 31102 of the House amendment, sec. 31102 of the conference agreement, and secs. 4041, 4051, 4071, 4081, 4221, 4481, 4483, and 6412 of the Code) 
Present Law Highway Trust Fund Excise Taxes 
In general 
Six separate excise taxes are imposed to fi-
nance the Federal Highway Trust Fund pro-gram. Three of these taxes are imposed on highway motor fuels. The remaining three are a retail sales tax on heavy highway vehi-cles, a manufacturers’ excise tax on heavy vehicle tires, and an annual use tax on heavy vehicles. A substantial majority of the reve-nues produced by the Highway Trust Fund excise taxes are derived from the taxes on motor fuels. The annual use tax on heavy ve-hicles expires October 1, 2017. Except for 4.3 cents per gallon of the Highway Trust Fund fuels tax rates, the remaining taxes are scheduled to expire after October 1, 2016. The 4.3-cents-per-gallon portion of the fuels tax rates is permanent.
8The six taxes are sum-
marized below. 
Highway motor fuels taxes 
The Highway Trust Fund motor fuels tax 
rates are as follows:9 
Gasoline ............................................. 18.3 cents per gallon. 
Diesel fuel and kerosene ................... 24.3 cents per gallon. Alternative fuels ................................. 18.3 or 24.3 cents per gallon gen-
erally.
10 
Non-fuel Highway Trust Fund excise taxes 
In addition to the highway motor fuels ex-
cise tax revenues, the Highway Trust Fund receives revenues produced by three excise taxes imposed exclusively on heavy highway vehicles or tires. These taxes are: 
A 12-percent excise tax imposed on the 
first retail sale of heavy highway vehicles, tractors, and trailers (generally, trucks hav-ing a gross vehicle weight in excess of 33,000 pounds and trailers having such a weight in excess of 26,000 pounds);
11 
An excise tax imposed on highway tires 
with a rated load capacity exceeding 3,500 pounds, generally at a rate of 0.945 cents per 10 pounds of excess;
12and 
An annual use tax imposed on highway ve-
hicles having a taxable gross weight of 55,000 pounds or more.
13(The maximum rate for 
this tax is $550 per year, imposed on vehicles having a taxable gross weight over 75,000 pounds.) 
The taxable year for the annual use tax is 
from July 1st through June 30th of the fol-lowing year. For the period July 1, 2016, 
through September 30, 2016, the amount of the annual use tax is reduced by 75 percent.
14 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
Present-law taxes are generally extended 
through September 30, 2023. The heavy vehi-cle use tax is extended through September 30, 2024. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on October 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.031 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8816 December 1, 2015 
15The Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act (the ‘‘HIRE’’ Act), Pub. L. No. 111–147, sec. 442. 
16Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century 
Act (‘‘MAP–21’’), Pub. L. No. 112–141, sec. 40201(a)(2), and sec. 40251. 
17Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 
2014, Pub. L. No. 113–159, sec. 2002. 18Secs. 4041, 4042, and 4081. 19‘‘Passport Act of 1926,’’ 22 U.S.C. sec. 211a et seq. 
20Sec. 6039E. 
21Sec. 6103. 
22Sec. 6103(l)(3). 
23Sec. 6103(l)(22). HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Present-law taxes are generally extended 
through September 30, 2023. The heavy vehi-cle use tax is extended through September 30, 2024. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
October 1, 2016. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement generally ex-
tends present-law taxes through September 30, 2022. The heavy vehicle use tax is ex-tended through September 30, 2023. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
October 1, 2016. 
Additional Transfers to the Highway Trust 
Fund (sec. 31201 of the House amendment, sec. 51201 of the Senate amendment, sec. 31201 of the conference agreement, and sec. 9503 of the Code) 
PRESENT LAW  
Public Law No. 110–318, ‘‘an Act to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to restore the Highway Trust Fund balance’’ trans-ferred, out of money in the Treasury not oth-erwise appropriated, $8,017,000,000 to the Highway Trust Fund effective September 15, 2008. Public Law No. 111–46, ‘‘an Act to re-store sums to the Highway Trust Fund and for other purposes,’’ transferred, out of money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, $7 billion to the Highway Trust Fund effective August 7, 2009. The Hiring In-centives to Restore Employment Act trans-ferred, out of money in the Treasury not oth-erwise appropriated, $14,700,000,000 to the Highway Trust Fund and $4,800,000,000 to the Mass Transit Account in the Highway Trust Fund.
15The HIRE Act provisions generally 
were effective as of March 18, 2010. Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century (‘‘MAP–21’’)
16provided that, out of money in 
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the following transfers were to be made from the General Fund to the Highway Trust Fund: 
FY 2013 FY 2014 
Highway Account .......... $6.2 billion .................. $10.4 billion 
Mass Transit Account ... ...................................... $2.2 billion 
MAP–21 also transferred $2.4 billion from 
the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund to the Highway Account in the Highway Trust Fund. The Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 trans-ferred $7.765 billion from the General Fund to the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund, $2 billion from the General Fund to the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund, and $1 billion from the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund to the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund.
17Signed into law on July 30, 2015, the 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 trans-ferred $6.068 billion from the General Fund to the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund and $2 billion from the General Fund to the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund. 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
The Senate amendment provides that out 
of money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, the following transfers are to be made from the General Fund to the Highway Trust Fund: $34,401,000,000 to the Highway Account and $11,214,000,000 to the Mass Tran-sit account. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on the date of enactment. HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment provides that out of 
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, the following transfers are to be made from the General Fund to the Highway Trust Fund: $25,976,000,000 to the Highway Account and $9 billion to the Mass Transit account. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on the date of enactment. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement provides that 
out of money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the following transfers are to be made from the General Fund to the High-way Trust Fund: $51,900,000,000 to the High-way Account and $18,100,000,000 to the Mass Transit account. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on the date of enactment. 
Transfer to Highway Trust Fund of Certain 
Motor Vehicle Safety Penalties (sec. 51202 of the Senate amendment, sec. 31202 of the House amendment, sec. 31202 of the con-ference agreement, and section 9503 of the Code) 
PRESENT LAW  
Present law imposes certain civil penalties 
related to violations of motor vehicle safety. 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
The provision deposits the civil penalties 
related to motor vehicle safety in the High-way Trust Fund instead of in the Treasury’s General Fund. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
for amounts collected after the date of en-actment. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment is the same as the 
Senate amendment. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and Senate amendment. 
Appropriation From Leaking Underground 
Storage Tank Trust Fund (sec. 51203 of the Senate amendment, sec. 31203 of the House amendment, sec. 31203 of the conference agreement, and secs. 9503 and 9508 of the Code) 
PRESENT LAW  
Fuels of a type subject to other trust fund 
excise taxes generally are subject to an add- on excise tax of 0.1-cent-per-gallon to fund the Leaking Underground Storage Tank (‘‘LUST’’) Trust Fund.
18For example, the 
LUST excise tax applies to gasoline, diesel fuel, kerosene, and most alternative fuels subject to highway and aviation fuels excise taxes, and to fuels subject to the inland wa-terways fuel excise tax. This excise tax is imposed on both uses and parties subject to the other taxes, and to situations (other than export) in which the fuel otherwise is tax-exempt. For example, off-highway busi-ness use of gasoline and off-highway use of diesel fuel and kerosene generally are ex-empt from highway motor fuels excise tax. Similarly, States and local governments and certain other parties are exempt from such tax. Nonetheless, all such uses and parties are subject to the 0.1-cent-per-gallon LUST excise tax. 
Liquefied natural gas, compressed natural 
gas, and liquefied petroleum gas are exempt from the LUST tax. Additionally, methanol and ethanol fuels produced from coal (includ-ing peat) are taxed at a reduced rate of 0.05 cents per gallon. 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
The provision transfers $100 million on the 
date of enactment, $100 million on October 1, 2016 and an additional $100 million on Octo-
ber 1, 2017, from the LUST Trust Fund to the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on the date of enactment. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment is the same as the 
Senate amendment. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and Senate amendment. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on the date of enactment. 
TITLE XXXII—O FFSETS  
A. Revocation or denial of passport in case of 
certain unpaid taxes (sec. 52101 of the Sen-ate amendment, sec. 32102 of the House amendment, sec. 32101 of the conference agreement and secs. 6320 and 6331 and new secs. 7345 and 6103(k)(11) of the Internal Revenue Code) 
PRESENT LAW  
The administration of passports is the re-
sponsibility of the Department of State.19 
The Secretary of State may refuse to issue or renew a passport if the applicant owes child support in excess of $2,500 or owes cer-tain types of Federal debts. The scope of this authority does not extend to rejection or revocation of a passport on the basis of de-linquent Federal taxes. Although issuance of a passport does not require a social security number or taxpayer identification number (‘‘TIN’’), the applicant is required under the Code to provide such number. Failure to pro-vide a TIN is reported by the State Depart-ment to the Internal Revenue Service (‘‘IRS’’) and may result in a $500 fine.
20 
Returns and return information are con-
fidential and may not be disclosed by the IRS, other Federal employees, State employ-ees, and certain other individuals having ac-cess to such information except as provided in the Code.
21There are a number of excep-
tions to the general rule of nondisclosure that authorize disclosure in specifically identified circumstances, including disclo-sure of information about Federal tax debts for purposes of reviewing an application for a Federal loan
22and for purposes of enhancing 
the integrity of the Medicare program.23 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
Under the Senate Amendment, the Sec-
retary of State is required to deny a passport (or renewal of a passport) to a seriously de-linquent taxpayer and is permitted to revoke any passport previously issued to such per-son. In addition to the revocation or denial of passports to delinquent taxpayers, the Secretary of State is authorized to deny an application for a passport if the applicant fails to provide a social security number or provides an incorrect or invalid social secu-rity number. With respect to an incorrect or invalid number, the inclusion of an erro-neous number is a basis for rejection of the application only if the erroneous number was provided willfully, intentionally, recklessly or negligently. Exceptions to these rules are permitted for emergency or humanitarian circumstances, including the issuance of a passport for short-term use to return to the United States by the delinquent taxpayer. 
The provision authorizes limited sharing of 
information between the Secretary of State and Secretary of the Treasury. If the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue certifies to the Secretary of the Treasury the identity of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.032 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8817 December 1, 2015 
24This provision generally applies to any type of 
tax imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. 
25An amount of tax reported as due on the tax-
payer’s tax return is considered to be self-assessed. If the IRS determines that the assessment or collec-tion of tax will be jeopardized by delay, it has the authority to assess the amount immediately (sec. 6861), subject to several procedural safeguards. 
26The provision requires that the IRS disclose con-
fidential taxpayer information to the private debt collection company. Section 6103(n) permits disclo-sure of returns and return information for ‘‘the pro-viding of other services . . . for purposes of tax ad-ministration.’’ 
27The private debt collection company is not per-
mitted to accept payment directly. Payments are required to be processed by IRS employees. 28Pub. L. No. 111–8, March 11, 2009. 
29IR–2009–19, March 5, 2009. persons who have seriously delinquent Fed-
eral tax debts as defined in this provision, the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate is authorized to transmit such certification to the Secretary of State for use in deter-mining whether to issue, renew, or revoke a passport. Applicants whose names are in-cluded on the certifications provided to the Secretary of State are ineligible for a pass-port. The Secretary of State and Secretary of the Treasury are held harmless with re-spect to any certification issued pursuant to this provision. 
A seriously delinquent tax debt generally 
includes any outstanding debt for Federal taxes in excess of $50,000, including interest and any penalties, for which a notice of lien or a notice of levy has been filed. This amount is to be adjusted for inflation annu-ally, using calendar year 2014 as a base year, and a cost-of-living adjustment. Even if a tax debt otherwise meets the statutory thresh-old, it may not be considered seriously delin-quent if (1) the debt is being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an installment agree-ment or offer-in-compromise, or (2) collec-tion action with respect to the debt is sus-pended because a collection due process hearing or innocent spouse relief has been re-quested or is pending. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on January 1, 2015. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment is the same as the 
Senate amendment. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The following changes are included in the 
conference agreement to ensure that there is a mechanism allowing the IRS to correct er-rors and to take into account actions taken by a taxpayer to come into compliance after procedures has been initiated to inform the Secretary of State that the taxpayer is seri-ously delinquent. As explained below, these measures include clarification of the defini-tion of a seriously delinquent tax debt, noti-fication requirements, standards under which the Commissioner may reverse the certification of serious delinquency, and lim-its on authority to delegate the certification process. A limited right to seek injunctive relief by a taxpayer who is wrongly certified as seriously delinquent is also provided. 
The provision clarifies the definition of 
‘‘seriously delinquent tax debt’’ to permit revocation of a passport only after the IRS has followed its examination and collection procedures under current law and the tax-payer’s administrative and judicial rights have been exhausted or lapsed. 
The provision requires notice to taxpayers 
regarding the procedures. First, the provi-sion adds the possible loss of a passport to the list of matters required to be included in notices to taxpayer of potential collection activity under sections 6320 or 6331. Second, the provision requires that the Commis-sioner provide contemporaneous notice to the taxpayer(s) when the Commissioner sends a certification of serious delinquency to the Secretary of the Treasury. Finally, in instances in which the Commissioner decer-tifies the taxpayer’s status as a delinquent taxpayer, he is required to provide notice to the taxpayer contemporaneous with the no-tice to the Secretary of the Treasury. 
The decertification process included in the 
conference agreement provides a mechanism under which the Commissioner can correct an erroneous certification or end the certifi-cation because the debt is no longer seri-ously delinquent, due to certain events sub-sequent to the certification. If after certi-fying the delinquency to the Secretary of the Treasury, (1) the IRS receives full payment of the seriously delinquent tax debt, (2) the taxpayer enters into an installment agree-ment under section 6159, (3) the IRS accepts 
an offer in compromise under section 7122, or (4) a spouse files for relief from joint liabil-ity, the Commissioner must notify the Sec-retary that the taxpayer is not seriously de-linquent. In each instance, the ‘‘decertifica-tion’’ is limited to the taxpayer who is the subject of one of the above actions. In the case of a claim for innocent spouse relief, the decertification is only with respect to the 
spouse claiming relief, not both. The Com-missioner must generally decertify within 30 days of the event that requires decertifica-tion. The Commissioner must provide the no-tice of decertification to the Secretary of the Treasury, who must in turn promptly notify the Secretary of State of the decertification. The Secretary of State must delete the cer-tification from the records regarding that taxpayer. 
The provision as amended limits the Com-
missioner’s authority to delegate duties under this section. As amended, the author-ity to certify or decertify a seriously delin-quent tax debt is delegable only to the Dep-uty Commissioner for Services and Enforce-ment, or to a Division Commissioner (the head of an IRS operating division). 
Finally, the amendments to the provision 
permit limited judicial review of the certifi-cation or a failure to reverse a certification. 
E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The provision as amend-
ed is effective upon date of enactment. 
B. Reform of rules related to qualified tax 
collection contracts, and special compli-ance personnel program (secs. 52102 and 52103 of the Senate amendment, secs. 32106 and 32107 of the House amendment, secs. 32102 and 32103 of the conference agree-ment, and sec. 6306 of the Code) 
PRESENT LAW  
Code section 6306 permits the IRS to use 
private debt collection companies to locate and contact taxpayers owing outstanding tax liabilities of any type
24and to arrange pay-
ment of those taxes by the taxpayers. There must be an assessment pursuant to section 6201 in order for there to be an outstanding tax liability. An assessment is the formal re-cording of the taxpayer’s tax liability that fixes the amount payable. An assessment must be made before the IRS is permitted to commence enforcement actions to collect the amount payable. In general, an assess-ment is made at the conclusion of all exam-ination and appeals processes within the IRS.
25 
Several steps are involved in the deploy-
ment of private debt collection companies. First, the private debt collection company contacts the taxpayer by letter.
26If the tax-
payer’s last known address is incorrect, the private debt collection company searches for the correct address. Second, the private debt collection company telephones the taxpayer to request full payment.
27If the taxpayer 
cannot pay in full immediately, the private debt collection company offers the taxpayer an installment agreement providing for full payment of the taxes over a period of as long as five years. If the taxpayer is unable to pay the outstanding tax liability in full over a 
five-year period, the private debt collection company obtains financial information from the taxpayer and will provide this informa-tion to the IRS for further processing and ac-tion by the IRS. The Code specifies several procedural conditions under which the provi-sion would operate. First, provisions of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act apply to the private debt collection company. Second, taxpayer protections that are statutorily ap-plicable to the IRS are also made statutorily applicable to the private sector debt collec-tion companies. In addition, taxpayer protec-tions that are statutorily applicable to em-ployees of the IRS are made statutorily ap-plicable to employees of private sector debt collection companies. Third, subcontractors are prohibited from having contact with tax-payers, providing quality assurance services, and composing debt collection notices; any other service provided by a subcontractor must receive prior approval from the IRS. 
The Code creates a revolving fund from the 
amounts collected by the private debt collec-tion companies. The private debt collection companies are paid out of this fund. The Code prohibits the payment of fees for all services in excess of 25 percent of the amount collected under a tax collection contract. 
The Code provides that up to 25 percent of 
the amount collected may be used for IRS collection enforcement activities. The law also requires the Treasury Department to provide a biennial report to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Ways and Means. The report is to include, among other items, a cost benefit analysis, the impact of the debt collection contracts on collection enforcement staff levels in the IRS, and an evaluation of contractor performance. The Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2009 (the ‘‘Act’’), which made appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2009, in-cluded a provision stating that none of the funds made available in the Act could be used to fund or administer section 6306.
28 
Around the same time, the IRS announced that the IRS would not renew its contracts with private debt collection agencies.
29 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
Qualified tax collection contracts 
The provision requires the Secretary to 
enter into qualified tax collection contracts for the collection of inactive tax receivables. Inactive tax receivables are defined as any tax receivable (1) removed from the active inventory for lack of resources or inability to locate the taxpayer, (2) for which more than 1/3 of the applicable limitations period has lapsed and no IRS employee has been as-signed to collect the receivable; or (3) for which, a receivable has been assigned for col-lection but more than 365 days have passed without interaction with the taxpayer or a third party for purposes of furthering the collection. Tax receivables are defined as any outstanding assessment that the IRS in-cludes in potentially collectible inventory. 
The provision designates certain tax re-
ceivables as not eligible for collection under qualified tax collection contracts, specifi-cally a contract that: (1) is subject to a pend-ing or active offer-in-compromise or install-ment agreement; (2) is classified as an inno-cent spouse case; (3) involves a taxpayer identified by the Secretary as being (a) de-ceased, (b) under the age of 18, (c) in a des-ignated combat zone, or (d) a victim of iden-tity theft; (4) is currently under examina-tion, litigation, criminal investigation, or levy; or (5) is currently subject to a proper exercise of a right of appeal. The provision grants authority to the Secretary to pre-scribe procedures for taxpayers in presi-dentially declared disaster areas to request 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.033 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8818 December 1, 2015 
30Sec. 6058. 
31Sec. 412. Most governmental plans (defined in 
section 414(d)) and church plans (defined in section 414(e)) are exempt from the minimum funding re-quirements. 
32Sec. 6059. 
33Treas. Reg. secs. 301.6058–1(a) and 301.6059–1. 
Form 5500 consists of a main form and various schedules, some of which require additional informa-tion to be included. The schedules that must be filed and the additional information that must be in-
cluded with Form 5500 depend on the type and size of plan. A simplified annual reporting form, Annual Return/Report of Small Employee Benefit Plan, Form 5500–SF, is available to certain plans (covering fewer than 100 employees) that are subject to report-ing requirements under ERISA and the Code. Ref-erences herein to Form 5500 include Form 5500–SF. 
34ERISA secs. 103, 104, and 4065. Most govern-
mental plans and church plans are exempt from ERISA, including the ERISA reporting require-ments. ERISA section 3004 requires that, when the IRS and DOL carry out provisions relating to the same subject matter, they must consult with each other and develop rules, regulations, practices and forms designed to reduce duplication of effort, dupli-cation of reporting, and the burden of compliance by plan administrators and employers. Under ERISA section 4065, the PBGC is required to work with the IRS and DOL to combine the annual report to PBGC with reports required to be made to those agencies. 
35Form 5500 filings are also publicly released in ac-
cordance with sec. 6104(b) and Treas. Reg. sec. 301.6104(b)–1 and ERISA secs. 104(a)(1) and 106(a). 
36Under ERISA section 104(a)(1), the annual report 
is due within 210 days after the close of the plan year or within such time as provided by regulations to reduce duplicative filings. DOL and IRS regula-tions provide for filing at the time required by the forms and instructions issued by the agencies. 29 C.F.R. sec. 2520.104a–5(a)(2) and Treas. Reg. secs. 301.6058–1(a)(4) and 301.6059–1(a). 
37Treas. Reg. sec. 1.6081–11(a). Instructions for 
Form 5500 also provide for an automatic extension of time to file the Form 5500 until the due date of the Federal income tax return of the employer main-taining the plan if (1) the plan year and the employ-er’s tax year are the same; (2) the employer has been granted an extension of time to file its federal in-come tax return to a date later than the normal due date for filing the Form 5500; and (3) a copy of the application for extension of time to file the Federal income tax return is maintained with the records of the Form 5500 filer. An extension granted by using this automatic extension procedure cannot be ex-tended beyond a total of 9
1⁄2months beyond the close 
of the plan year. 
38Section 2006(b)(3) of Pub. L. No. 114–41 (July 31, 
2015). 
39The provision in the Senate amendment is simi-
lar to section 2006(b)(3) of Pub. L. No. 114–41, which was enacted after the Senate amendment was passed by the Senate. relief from immediate collection measures 
under the provision. 
The provision requires the Secretary to 
give priority to private collection contrac-tors and debt collection centers currently approved by the Treasury Department’s Bu-reau of the Fiscal Service (previously the Fi-nancial Management Service) on the sched-ule required under section 3711(g) of title 31 of the United States Code, to the extent ap-propriate to carry out the purposes of the provision. 
The provision adds an additional exception 
to section 6103 to allow contractors to iden-tify themselves as such and disclose the na-ture, subject, and reason for the contact. Disclosures are permitted only in situations and under conditions approved by the Sec-retary. 
The provision requires the Secretary to 
prepare two reports for the House Committee on Ways and Means and the Senate Com-mittee on Finance. The first report is re-quired annually and due not later than 90 days after each fiscal year and is required to include: (1) the total number and amount of tax receivables provided to each contractor for collection under this section, (2) the total amounts collected by and installment agree-ments resulting from the collection efforts of each contractor and the collection costs incurred by the IRS; (3) the impact of such contacts on the total number and amount of unpaid assessments, and on the number and amount of assessments collected by IRS per-sonnel after initial contact by a contractor, (4) the amount of fees retained by the Sec-retary under subsection (e) and a description of the use of such funds; and (5) a disclosure safeguard report in a form similar to that re-quired under section 6103(p)(5). 
The second report is required biannually 
and is required to include: (i) an independent evaluation of contactor performance; and (ii) a measurement plan that includes a com-parison of the best practices used by private debt collectors to the collection techniques used by the IRS and mechanisms to identify and capture information on successful col-lection techniques used by the contractors that could be adopted by the IRS. 
Special compliance personnel program 
The provision requires that the amount 
that, under current law, is to be retained and used by the IRS for collection enforcement activities under section 6306 of the Code be instead used to fund a newly created special compliance personnel program. The provi-sion also requires the Secretary to establish an account for the hiring, training, and em-ployment of special compliance personnel. No other source of funding for the program is permitted, and funds deposited in the special account are restricted to use for the pro-gram, including reimbursement of the IRS and other agencies for the cost of admin-istering the qualified debt collection pro-gram and all costs associated with employ-ment of special compliance personnel and the retraining and reassignment of other personnel as special compliance personnel. Special compliance personnel are individuals employed by the IRS to serve either as rev-enue officers performing field collection functions or as persons operating the auto-mated collection system. 
The provision requires the Secretary to 
prepare annually a report for the House Committee on Ways and Means and the Sen-ate Committee on Finance, to be submitted no later than March of each year. In the re-port, the Secretary is to describe for the pre-ceding fiscal year accounting of all funds re-ceived in the account, administrative and program costs, number of special compliance personnel hired and employed as well as ac-tual revenue collected by such personnel. Similar information for the current and fol-
lowing fiscal year, using both actual and es-timated amounts, is required. 
Effective date.—The provision relating to 
qualified tax collection contracts applies to tax receivables identified by the Secretary after the date of enactment. The require-ment to give priority to certain private col-lection contractors and debt collection cen-ters applies to contracts and agreements en-tered into within three months after the date of enactment, and the new exception to section 6103 applies to disclosures made after the date of enactment. The requirement of the reports to Congress is effective on the date of enactment. 
The provision relating to the special com-
pliance personnel program applies to amounts collected and retained by the Sec-retary after date of enactment. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment is the same as the 
Senate amendment. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment provision. It is intended that the IRS will implement the proposal without delay to facilitate the collection of taxes, which are owed to the Government but are not being actively pursued by the IRS for collec-tion, while protecting taxpayer rights and privacy. To carry out these goals of expedi-tious tax collection and taxpayer rights, it is intended that the IRS will make it a priority to use collection contractors and debt collec-tion centers currently approved by the Treasury Department. 
C. Repeal of Modification of Automatic Ex-
tension of Return Due Date for Certain Employee Benefit Plans (sec. 52105(b)(3) of the Senate amendment, sec. 32104 of the conference agreement and secs. 6058 and 6059 of the Code) 
PRESENT LAW  
An employer that maintains a pension, an-
nuity, stock bonus, profit-sharing or other funded deferred compensation plan (or the plan administrator of the plan) is required to file an annual return containing information required under regulations with respect to the qualification, financial condition, and operation of the plan.
30The plan adminis-
trator of a defined benefit plan subject to the minimum funding requirements
31is required 
to file an annual actuarial report.32These fil-
ing requirements are met by filing an An-nual Return/Report of Employee Benefit Plan, Form 5500, and providing the informa-tion as required on the form and related in-structions.
33Similarly, the Employee Retire-
ment Income Security Act of 1974 (‘‘ERISA’’) requires the administrator of certain pension and welfare benefit plans to file annual re-ports disclosing certain information to the Department of Labor (‘‘DOL’’) and, with re-spect to some defined benefit plans, to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (‘‘PBGC’’).
34Plan administrators also com-ply with these ERISA filing requirements by 
filing Form 5500. 
Forms 5500 are filed with DOL, and infor-
mation from Forms 5500 is shared with the IRS and PBGC.
35Form 5500 is due by the last 
day of the seventh month following the close of the plan year.
36DOL and IRS rules allow 
the due date to be automatically extended by 2
1⁄2months if a request for extension is 
filed.37Thus, in the case of a plan that uses 
the calendar year as the plan year, the ex-tended due date for Form 5500 is October 15. 
Under the Surface Transportation and Vet-
erans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015, in the case of returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to mod-ify appropriate regulations to provide that the maximum extension for the returns of employee benefit plans filing Form 5500 is an automatic 3
1⁄2-month period ending on No-
vember 15 for calendar-year plans.38 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
Under the provision, in the case of returns 
for any taxable period beginning after De-cember 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Treas-ury or the Secretary’s delegate is directed to modify appropriate regulations to provide that the maximum extension for the returns of employee benefit plans filing Form 5500 is an automatic 3
1⁄2-month period beginning on 
the due date for filing the return, without re-gard to any extensions.
39 
Effective date.—The provision in the Sen-
ate amendment is effective on the date of en-actment. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
No provision. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement does not include 
the Senate amendment provision. The con-ference agreement repeals the provision in the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 that provides for an automatic 3
1⁄2-month ex-
tension of the due date for filing Form 5500. Thus, the extended due date for Form 5500 is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.034 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8819 December 1, 2015 
determined under DOL and IRS rules as in 
effect before enactment of the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015. 
Effective date.—The provision in the con-
ference agreement is effective for returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
Section 32201—Adjustment for Inflation of Fees 
for Certain Customs Services 
PRESENT LAW  
Section 13031 of the Consolidated Omnibus 
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 establishes certain fees for customs services. These fees are not currently adjusted for inflation. 
HOUSE BILL  
The House bill provides that the Secretary 
of Treasury shall annually adjust the fees collected under Section 13031(a) of the Con-solidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 and the limitations on fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of sub-section (b), on, to reflect any increase in the average of the Consumer Price Index. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on October 1, 2015. 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
The Senate amendment is the same as the 
House bill. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on October 1, 2015. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The conference agreement follows the 
House bill and the Senate amendment provi-sion with two changes. First, changes to sub-section (b) reaffirm Congressional intent that revenue from the adjustments are to be deposited into the Customs User Fee Ac-count, subject to appropriations acts. Sec-ond, it sets the first adjustment on April 1, 2016 instead of October 1, 2015. 
Effective date.—The provision is effective 
on April 1, 2016. 
Extension of Enterprise Guarantee Fees 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
Section 52205 of the Senate amendment to 
H.R. 22 modifies Section 1327(f) of the Hous-ing and Community Development Act of 1992 to extend enterprise guarantee fees from Oc-tober 1, 2021 to October 1, 2025. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment to the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 22 contains no provisions comparable to the Senate position. 
CONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
The Senate recedes from its position and 
concurs in the House position. 
Section 32202—Limitation on Surplus Funds of 
Federal Reserve Banks 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Section 32202 of the House amendment to 
the Senate amendment to H.R. 22 modifies Section 7 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289) to execute a liquidation of the Federal Reserve surplus account and a re-mittance of funds to the U.S. Treasury. Sec-tion 32202 also dissolves the existence of the surplus account on a go-forward basis. Fi-nally, Section 32202 ensures future net earn-ings of the Federal Reserve, in excess of divi-dend paid, are remitted to the U.S. Treasury. 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
The Senate amendment to H.R. 22 contains 
no provisions comparable to the House posi-tion. 
CONFERENCE SUBSTITUTE  
The Senate recedes from its position and 
concurs in the House position with certain modifications. Specifically, the conference substitute retains the Federal Reserve sur-plus account, but caps it at $10,000,000,000. Any amounts which exceed the cap are re-mitted to the U.S. Treasury. Section 32203—Dividends of the Federal Reserve 
Bank 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
Section 52203 of the Senate amendment to 
H.R. 22 modified Section 7(a)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(1)(A)) by reducing the interest rate from 6 percent to 1.5 percent on capital paid into the Fed-eral Reserve System by member banks with consolidated assets over $1,000,000,000. 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment to the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 22 contains no provisions comparable to the Senate position. 
CONFERENCE SUBSTITUTE  
The House recedes from its position and 
concurs in the Senate position with certain modifications. Specifically, the conference substitute retains the 6 percent dividend in current law for Federal Reserve System member banks with consolidated assets of $10,000,000,000 or less, indexed to inflation. For member banks with consolidated assets greater than that amount, the conference substitute replaces the 1.5 percent interest rate with the smaller of: the rate equal to the high yield of the 10-year Treasury note auctioned at the last auction held prior to the payment of a dividend, and 6 percent. Fi-nally, the conference substitute delays the effective date of the modification to January 1, 2016. 
Section 32204—Strategic Petroleum Reserve 
Drawdown and Sale 
Drawdown and Sale. Subsection (a) would 
direct the Department of Energy to draw down and sell 66 million barrels of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR). 
Emergency Protection. Subsection (b) would 
provide that Secretary shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in quan-tities that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under section 161(h) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act. This subsection conditions the 66 million barrels of oil authorized to be sold in a) upon the maintenance of a 530 million barrel floor generally in the Reserve. Forthcoming drawdowns previously authorized by the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015 would take prec-edence. 
Increase; Limitation. Subsection (c) would 
authorize the increase of drawdown and sales under subsection (b) in order to maximize the financial return to the United States taxpayers, but limits the drawdown and sales under this section to a maximum of $6,200,000,000 of revenue to the Treasury. 
Sec. 32205—Repeal 
Section 32205 would repeal Section 201 of 
the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. Section 201 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 re-quired the U.S. Department of Agriculture to renegotiate the Standard Reinsurance Agree-ment by December 31, 2016, and would have placed a cap on the overall rate of return such that the target rate of return did not exceed 8.9 percent of the retained premium. 
Sec. 32301—Interest Overpayments 
Section 32301 strikes the requirement that 
the Office of National Resources Revenue (ONRR) pay interest on overpayments. ONRR, which is part of the Department of the Interior, believes that some lessees over-pay deliberately in order to engage in ‘‘bank-ing with ONRR’’ and that the ONRR interest rate is in some cases greater than that of-fered by other interest earning mechanisms. This provision is part of the President’s FY 2016 budget. Offset estimate: $300 million. 
Section 32401—Budgetary Effects 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
The House amendment to the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 22 contains no provisions compared to the Senate position. SENATE AMENDMENT  
Section 80001 of the Senate amendment to 
H.R. 22 provides the budgetary effects to be entered into the PAYGO scorecard main-tained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statu-tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–139) shall be determined by the submis-sion printed for the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Com-mittee. 
CONFERENCE SUBSTITUTE  
The conference substituteprovides that the 
budgetary effects of this Act shall not be en-tered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 139). 
DIVISION D—MISCELLANEOUS 
T
ITLE XLI—F EDERAL PERMITTING  
IMPROVEMENTS  
Title XLI of the conference report seeks to 
make more efficient the process for federal approval for major infrastructure projects. It creates a council composed of the relevant permitting agencies to establish best prac-tices and model timelines for review, des-ignate individuals within agencies with pri-mary responsibility for coordinating reviews and agency decisions, and shorten the time in which challenges can be made to final de-cisions. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment. 
T
ITLE XLII—A DDITIONAL PROVISIONS  
Title XLII directs the GAO to study the 
payments made to vendors of kerosene that is used in noncommercial aviation and sub-mit the results of that study in a report to Congress. 
T
ITLE XLIII—R EQUIREMENTS REGARDING  
RULEMAKINGS  
The House amendment includes a provision 
requiring that for any publication in the Federal Register pertaining to a rule re-quired pursuant to this Act, the agency mak-ing the rule shall include the information that the rule is based upon, including data and studies, and indicate how the public can access that information online. 
The Senate amendment contains no simi-
lar provision. 
The Senate recedes. 
T
ITLE XLIV—P AYMENTS TO CERTIFIED  
STATES AND INDIAN TRIBES  
In the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 
21st Century Act (MAP–21), payments based upon Abandoned Mine Land (AML) funds set forth in the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977 due to certified states were capped at $15,000,000.00 annually, re-gardless of the amounts actually due to those certified states. The amounts due the certified states in excess of the $15,000,000.00 were used as offsets for different purposes. In certain instances, the $15,000,000.00 payments were insufficient to meet the amounts cer-tified states were owed by the Federal gov-ernment. This provision requires payment of those excess funds owed by the Federal gov-ernment to those certified states, but not paid. 
DIVISION E—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
Division E reauthorizes and reforms the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States. There was no disagreement between the Sen-ate amendment and the House amendment. 
DIVISION F—ENERGY SECURITY 
Sec. 61001—Emergency Preparedness for Energy 
Supply Disruptions 
Section 61001 would include the finding 
that recent natural disasters have under-scored the importance of having resilient oil and natural gas infrastructure and effective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.035 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8820 December 1, 2015 
ways for industry and government to com-
municate to address energy supply disrup-tions. This section also would direct the Sec-retary of Energy to develop and adopt proce-dures to enhance communication and coordi-nation between the Department of Energy (DOE), Federal partners, State and local gov-ernment, and the private sector to improve emergency response and recovery. 
Sec. 61002—Resolving Environmental and Grid 
Reliability Conflicts 
Section 61002 would resolve conflicts be-
tween orders issued pursuant to the Federal Power Act and compliance with environ-mental laws and regulations. Administration of section 202(c) has led owners of electric generating units (EGUs) to conclude that they can be forced to choose between com-plying with an emergency order from DOE under that section or violating an obligation imposed by environmental laws or regula-tions. Left unresolved, therefore, the current statutory structure presents the potential for conflicting legal mandates that could 
threaten the reliability of the grid. 
To ensure that EGUs and other facilities 
critical to electric reliability are available for service as needed and to remove the po-tential for conflict between obligations im-posed by law, section 61002 would amend sec-tion 202(c) of the FPA to clarify that when a party is under an emergency directive to op-erate pursuant to section 202(c), it would not be deemed in violation of environmental laws or regulations or subject to civil or criminal liability, or citizen enforcement ac-tions, as a result of actions taken that are necessary to comply with a DOE-issued emergency order. The section further pro-vides that after an initial order, not to ex-ceed 90 days duration, DOE may renew or re-issue an order for subsequent 90-day periods as it determines necessary. However, in re-newing or reissuing any such order, DOE must consult with the primary federal agen-cy with expertise in the environmental inter-est protected by a potentially conflicting en-vironmental law and include in such order conditions determined by such agency to be necessary to minimize any adverse environ-mental impacts that may result from such order, to the extent practicable. DOE may exclude such a condition from the renewed or reissued order if it determines that such con-dition would prevent the order from ade-quately addressing the emergency necessi-tating such order and provides in the order, or otherwise makes publicly available, an ex-planation of such determination. 
Sec. 61003—Critical Electric Infrastructure Secu-
rity 
Section 61003 would establish a new section 
215A of the Federal Power Act that would provide the Secretary of Energy with the au-thority to address grid security emergencies if the President provides a written directive or determination identifying a grid security emergency. The Secretary would be author-ized to take emergency measures to protect the bulk power system or defense critical electric infrastructure located in the contig-uous 48 States and the District of Columbia, including ordering critical electric infra-structure owners and operators to take ap-propriate actions, with such measures to ex-pire no later than fifteen days from issuance. The new section 215A would also facilitate the protection and voluntary sharing of crit-ical electric infrastructure information be-tween private sector asset owners and the Federal government by: (1) exempting des-ignated Critical Electric Infrastructure In-formation from certain Federal and State disclosure laws for a period up to 5 years; (2) requiring FERC to facilitate voluntary infor-mation sharing between Federal, State, local and tribal authorities, the Electric Reli-ability Organization, regional entities, and 
owners, operators and users of the bulk- power system in the U.S.; and (3) estab-lishing sanctions for the unauthorized disclo-sure of shared information. 
Section 61003 would also codify DOE as the 
Sector-Specific Agency for cyber security for the energy sector and specify DOE’s duties with regard to that role. 
Sec. 61004—Strategic Transformer Reserve 
Section 61004 would require DOE to submit 
a plan to Congress evaluating the feasibility of establishing a Strategic Transformer Re-serve for the storage, in strategically-lo-cated facilities, of spare large power trans-formers and emergency mobile substations in sufficient numbers to temporarily replace critically damaged large power transformers and substations. Strategically-located spare large power transformers and emergency mo-bile substations would diminish the vulner-ability of the United States to multiple risks facing electric grid reliability, including physical attack, cyber-attack, electro-magnetic pulse, geomagnetic disturbances, severe weather, and seismic events. 
Sec. 61005—Energy Security Evaluation 
Section 61005 would direct the Secretary of 
Energy, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, to establish U.S. energy security valuation methods to ensure that energy-re-lated actions that significantly affect the supply, distribution, or use of energy are evaluated with respect to their potential im-pact on energy security, including their im-pact on consumers and the economy; energy supply, diversity and resiliency; well-func-tioning and competitive energy markets; United States trade balance; and national se-curity objectives. 
DIVISION G—FINANCIAL SERVICES 
HOUSE AMENDMENT  
Division G (Financial Services) of the 
House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 22 is comprised of 15 titles that pro-vide regulatory relief to facilitate capital formation, ensure greater consumer access to financial products and services, and pro-vide for certain reforms relating to mint op-erations and housing. The titles within Divi-sion G are derived from measures passed by the House on a bipartisan basis in the 114th Congress. 
Title LXXI—Improving Access to Capital for 
Emerging Growth Companies 
Title LXXI makes changes related to the 
treatment of Emerging Growth Companies (EGCs), as defined by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act). Specifi-cally, this title reduces the number of days an EGC must have a confidential registra-tion statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) before it may conduct a ‘‘road show’’ from 21 days to 15 days. Title LXXI also clarifies that an issuer that was an EGC at the time it filed a confidential registration statement but is no longer an EGC will continue to be treated as an EGC through the date of its IPO. Finally, Title LXXI requires the SEC to revise its general instructions on Form S–1 regarding the financial information an issuer must dis-close prior to its IPO. The House passed leg-islation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXI by voice vote on July 14, 2015. 
Title LXXII—Disclosure Modernization and 
Simplification 
Title LXXII directs the SEC to simplify its 
disclosure regime for issuers and investors by permitting issuers to submit a summary page on Form 10–K with cross-references to the content of the report. This title also di-rects the SEC to revise Regulation S–K to scale disclosure rules for EGCs and smaller issuers, and to eliminate duplicative, out-dated, or unnecessary Regulation S–K disclo-
sure requirements for all issuers. Finally, Title LXXII directs the SEC to further study Reg. S–K and engage in rulemaking to imple-ment additional reforms to simplify and modernize Regulation S–K disclosure rules within 360 days of enactment of this title. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXII by voice vote on October 6, 2015. 
Title LXXIII—Bullion and Collectible Coin Pro-
duction Efficiency and Cost Savings 
Title LXXIII eliminates a requirement for 
special packaging of gold investment-grade coins made by the United States Mint, al-lows the Mint to purchase blanks for silver coins made of standard coinage silver in-stead of a custom silver alloy, and removes the requirement for an already-completed study leading to the Mint issuing invest-ment-grade coins of palladium. This title also allows for the collector version of the 30th anniversary American Eagle Siler Bul-lion Coin to be edge-lettered to denote such anniversary. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXIII by voice vote on June 24, 2015. 
Title LXXIV—SBIC Advisers Relief 
Title LXXIV amends the Investment Ad-
visers Act of 1940 to reduce unnecessary reg-ulatory costs and eliminate duplicative regu-lation of advisers to Small Business Invest-ment Companies (SBICs). This title preempts state registration requirements of advisers solely advising SBIC funds, allows advisers to venture capital funds to continue to be ‘‘exempt reporting advisers’’ if they also ad-vise an SBIC fund, and prevents the inclu-sion of the assets of an SBIC fund in the SEC registration calculation of assets under man-agement for those advisers that advise pri-vate funds in addition to SBIC funds. The House passed legislation identical to the pro-visions contained in Title LXXIV by voice vote on July 14, 2015. 
Title LXXV—Eliminate Privacy Notice Confu-
sion 
Title LXXV amends the Gramm-Leach-Bli-
ley Act to reduce confusion among con-sumers that can occur when they receive an-nual privacy notices by clarifying that an-nual privacy notices are only required when disclosure policies change after the relation-ship begins, and to the extent an institution shares sensitive personal information with third parties for marketing purposes. The House passed legislation identical to the pro-visions contained in Title LXXV by voice vote on April 13, 2015. 
Title LXXVI—Reforming Access for Investments 
in Startup Enterprises 
Title LXXVI amends Section 4 of the Secu-
rities Act of 1933 to facilitate the sale of company-issued securities by employees of private companies. Under current law, a holder of securities issued in a private place-ment may resell the securities on a public market after a holding period. However, there is not a legal framework providing for the private resale of such securities. Accord-ingly, this title establishes a legal frame-work for such transactions. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXVI by a vote of 404–0 on October 6, 2015. 
Title LXXVII—Preservation Enhancement and 
Savings Opportunity 
Title LXXVII amends the Low Income 
Housing Preservation and Resident Home-ownership Act of 1990 (LIHPRHA) to permit property owners (including nonprofits) of multifamily developments subsidized by the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment (HUD) to access income derived from such developments provided that the owners 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.036 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8821 December 1, 2015 
adhere to HUD’s affordability and compli-
ance standards. This title also provides for certain reforms under LIHPRHA relating to obtaining or refinancing a loan secured by a low-income housing project. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXVII by voice vote on July 14, 2015. 
Title LXXVIII—Tenant Income Verification Re-
lief 
Title LXXVIII permits HUD to allow pub-
lic and assisted housing administrators to verify income once every three years—in-stead of annually—for low-income tenants that have fixed incomes, such as incomes de-rived from social security payments. The House passed legislation identical to the pro-visions contained in Title LXXVIII by voice vote on March 24, 2015. 
Title LXXVIX—Housing Assistance Efficiency 
Title LXXVIX amends the McKinney- 
Vento Homeless Assistance Act to allow a private nonprofit organization to administer permanent housing rental assistance pro-vided through the Continuum of Care Pro-gram under the Act. This title also requires that the HUD Secretary reallocate, at least once during each fiscal year, any housing as-sistance provided from the Emergency Solu-tions Grants Program that is unused or re-turned, or that becomes available after the minimum allocation requirements under the Act. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXVIX by voice vote on July 14, 2015. 
Title LXXX—Child Support Assistance 
Title LXXX amends the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act to eliminate the requirement that state and local child support agencies and courts notify an obligor ten days before retrieving a consumer report for purposes of determining the appropriate level of child support payments, or enforcing a child sup-port order, award, agreement, or judgment. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXX by voice vote on October 6, 2015. 
Title LXXXI—Private Investment in Housing 
Title LXXXI authorizes the HUD Secretary 
to establish a demonstration program under which the Secretary may enter into budget- neutral, performance-based agreements (for up to 12 years each) that result in a reduc-tion in energy or water costs with appro-priate entities. Specifically, such agree-ments shall facilitate energy or water con-servation improvements at up to 20,000 resi-dential units in multifamily buildings par-ticipating in Section 8 rental assistance pro-grams, supportive housing for the elderly, or supportive housing for people with disabil-ities. This title mirrors a request by the Ad-ministration in its 2015 Budget proposal. The House passed legislation identical to the pro-visions contained in Title LXXXI by voice vote on July 14, 2015. 
Title LXXXII—Capital Access for Small Com-
munity Financial Institutions 
Title LXXXII amends the Federal Home 
Loan Bank Act to allow privately insured credit unions to be eligible for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) Sys-tem. In order to be eligible for membership, a privately insured credit union must receive a certification from its state supervisor stat-ing that it is eligible to apply for Federal de-posit insurance. Additionally, the private in-surer of the credit union must provide a copy of the credit union’s annual audit report to the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) and the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Further, a state supervisor must provide to the NCUA, upon request, the re-sults of any examination and reports con-cerning a private insurer of credit unions li-censed in that state. The House passed legis-
lation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXXII by voice vote on April 13, 2015. 
Title LXXXIII—Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform 
Title LXXXIII amends the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act to increase the qualifying asset threshold for insured depository insti-tutions eligible for 18-month on-site exam-ination cycles from $500 million to $1 billion. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXXIII by a vote of 411–0 on October 6, 2015. 
Title LXXXIV—Small Company Simple Reg-
istration 
Title LXXXIV simplifies the registration 
process by amending the SEC’s Form S–1 registration statement, which is the basic registration form for new securities offer-ings, to allow smaller reporting companies to incorporate by reference any documents filed with the SEC after the effective date of the Form S–1. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXXIV by a vote of 426–0 on July 14, 2015. 
Title LXXXV—Holding Company Registration 
Threshold Equalization 
Title LXXXV amends Title VI of the JOBS 
Act to raise the threshold for mandatory SEC registration of savings and loan compa-nies from 500 shareholders of record to 2,000 shareholders of record (with no limitation on the number of non-accredited investors) and to raise the threshold for a savings and loan company to terminate its registration from 300 to 1,200 shareholders of record. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXXV by voice vote on July 14, 2015. 
SENATE AMENDMENT  
The Senate amendment to H.R. 22 contains 
no provisions comparable to the House posi-tion. 
CONFERENCE SUBSTITUTE  
The Senate recedes from its position and 
concurs in the House position with certain modifications. Specifically, the conference substitute consists of the above-described fif-teen titles, as adopted by the House without further modification, and five additional ti-tles providing for regulatory relief and re-lated financial services reforms. These five titles are the following: 
Title LXXXVI—Repeal of Indemnification Re-
quirements 
Title LXXXVI amends the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 and the Commodity Ex-change Act to repeal the indemnification re-quirements added by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for regulatory authorities to obtain access to swap data. Foreign regulators and regu-latory entities have indicated concerns re-garding the indemnification requirements of Dodd-Frank. The title removes such require-ments so data can be shared with foreign au-thorities. The title would still require the regulatory agencies requesting the informa-tion to agree to certain confidentiality re-quirements prior to receiving the data. The House passed legislation identical to the pro-visions contained in Title LXXXVI by voice vote on July 14, 2015. 
Title LXXXVII—Treatment of Debt or Equity 
Instruments of Smaller Institutions 
Title LXXXVII amends the Financial Sta-
bility Act of 2010 to adjust the date on which consolidated assets are determined for pur-poses of exempting certain instruments of smaller institutions from capital deductions. The purpose of this title is to provide regu-latory relief from the requirements of Sec-tion 171 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act to cer-tain bank holding companies with less than 
$15 billion in assets. The title permits bank holding companies to continue counting hy-brid capital instruments issued before May 19, 2010, as Tier 1 capital so long as the com-pany held less than $15 billion in assets as of either December 31, 2009 or March 31, 2010. 
Title LXXXIII—State Licensing Efficiency 
Title LXXXIII amends the Secure and Fair 
Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (SAFE Act) by directing the Attorney General to provide appropriate state officials responsible for regulating financial service providers with access to criminal history information to the extent that criminal history background checks are required under state law for the licensing of such parties. In 2006, the states, under the auspices of the Conference of State Bank Supervisors (CSBS), developed the Na-tionwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry (NMLS). According to CSBS, the NMLS platform was designed to provide ‘‘im-proved coordination and information sharing among regulators, increased efficiencies for industry, and enhanced consumer protec-tion.’’ Congress codified the NMLS in 2008 through the SAFE Act. Title LXXXIII is in-tended to authorize the NMLS to process criminal background checks for non-deposi-tory licensees beyond mortgage loan origina-tors. The House passed legislation identical to the provisions contained in Title LXXXIII by voice vote on October 28, 2015. 
Title LXXXIX—Helping Expand Lending Prac-
tices in Rural Communities 
Title LXXXIX amends the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to require the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (Bureau) to create a pe-tition process for interested parties to apply for an area not designated by the Bureau as rural for purposes of federal consumer finan-cial law to be so designated. Under this title, the Bureau is required to publish applica-tions in the Federal Register within 60 days and make them available for public com-ment for no fewer than 90 days. When evalu-ating the application, the Bureau would be required to take into consideration: 
Criteria used by the U.S. Census Bureau 
when classifying geographical areas as rural or urban; 
Criteria used by the Office of Management 
and Budget when designating counties as metropolitan or micropolitan or neither; 
Criteria used by the Department of Agri-
culture when determining property eligi-bility for rural development programs; 
The Department of Agriculture rural- 
urban commuting area codes; 
A written opinion of the State banking 
regulator; and 
Population density. Title LXXXIX further requires the Bureau 
to grant or deny any application within 90 days following the expiration of the com-ment period. The grant or denial must be published in the Federal Register, along with an explanation of what factors the Bureau relied upon in making the decision. 
Title LXXXIX contains a rule of construc-
tion providing that the Bureau is not re-quired to consider, in connection with the above-described evaluation, any previous designation of the area as non-rural by cer-tain other Federal agencies. Title LXXXXIX also includes a sunset provision providing that the designation review process estab-lished under such title shall cease to have force or effect after the end of the two-year period beginning on the date of the title’s en-actment. In addition, Title LXXXIX amends the Truth in Lending Act to provide the Bu-reau with authority to treat a balloon loan as a ‘‘qualified mortgage’’ if such loan was extended by any creditor operating in rural or underserved areas, even if the creditor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.037 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8822 December 1, 2015 
does not operate predominantly in such 
areas. Finally, Title LXXXIX provides ex-panded authority for the Bureau to exempt creditors serving rural or underserved areas from requirements applicable to escrow and 
impound accounts relating to certain con-sumer credit transactions. The House passed legislation substantially similar to the pro-visions contained in Title LXXXIX by a vote of 401–1 on April 13, 2015. 
ADVISORY OF EARMARKS 
Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, it shall not be in order to consider in the House of Representative a conference report to ac-company a bill or joint resolution unless the joint explanatory statement includes a list of congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9(e), 9(f), and 9(g) of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives or a statement that the proposition contains no congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits. No provision in the conference report accompanying H.R. 22 includes an earmark, limited tax benefit, or limited tariff benefit under clause 9(e), 9(f), or 9(g) of rule XXI. From the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of the House amendment and the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to con-ference. 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
JOHNJ. D UNCAN , Jr., 
SAMGRAVES , 
CANDICE S. M ILLER , 
ERICA. ‘‘R ICK’’ CRAWFORD , 
LOUBARLETTA , 
BLAKE FARENTHOLD , 
BOBGIBBS, 
JEFFDENHAM , 
REIDJ. R IBBLE , 
SCOTT PERRY , 
ROBWOODALL , 
JOHNKATKO , 
BRIAN BABIN, 
CRESENT HARDY , 
GARRET GRAVES , 
PETER A. D EFAZIO, 
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON , 
JERROLD NADLER , 
CORRINE BROWN , 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
ELIJAH E. C UMMINGS , 
RICKLARSEN , 
MICHAEL E. C APUANO , 
GRACE F. N APOLITANO , 
DANIEL LIPINSKI , 
STEVE COHEN , 
ALBIO SIRES, 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of sec. 1111 of the House amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: 
M
ACTHORNBERRY , 
LORETTA SANCHEZ , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 1109, 1201, 1202, 3003, Division B, secs. 31101, 31201, and Division F of the House amendment and secs. 11005, 11006, 11013, 21003, 21004, subtitles B and D of title XXXIV, secs. 51101 and 51201 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
F
REDUPTON , 
MARKWAYNE MULLIN , 
FRANK PALLONE , Jr., 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of sec. 32202 and Division G of the House amendment and secs. 52203 and 52205 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
M
AXINE WATERS , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of secs. 1313, 24406, and 43001 of the House amendment 
and secs. 32502 and 35437 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
TOMMARINO , 
ZOELOFGREN , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 1114–16, 1120, 1301, 1302, 1304, 1305, 1307, 1308, 1310–13, 1316, 1317, 10001, and 10002 of the House amendment and secs. 11024–27, 11101– 13, 11116–18, 15006, 31103–05, and 73103 of the Senate amendment and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
G
LENN THOMPSON , 
DARIN LAHOOD, 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of secs. 5106, 5223, 5504, 5505, 61003, and 61004 of the House amendment and secs. 12004, 21019, 31203, 32401, 32508, 32606, 35203, 35311, and 35312 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to con-ference: 
J
OHNL. M ICA, 
WILLHURD, 
GERALD E. C ONNOLLY , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for con-sideration of secs. 3008, 3015, 4003, and title VI of the House amendment and secs. 11001, 12001, 12002, 12004, 12102, 21009, 21017, subtitle B of title XXXI, secs. 35105 and 72003 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
BARBARA COMSTOCK , 
DONNA F. E DWARDS , 
As additional conferees from the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of secs. 31101, 31201, and 31203 of the House amendment and secs. 51101, 51201, 51203, 52101, 52103–05, 52108, 62001, and 74001 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
K
EVIN BRADY , 
DAVID G. R EICHERT , 
SANDER LEVIN, 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
JAMES M. I NHOFE , 
JOHNTHUNE , 
ORRIN G. H ATCH , 
LISAMURKOWSKI , 
DEBFISCHER , 
JOHNBARRASSO , 
JOHNCORNYN , 
BARBARA BOXER , 
BILLNELSON , 
RICHARD J. D URBIN , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 539, I call up the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency re-lating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units’’, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 539, the joint resolution is considered read. 
The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: 
S.J. R ES. 23 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-
approves the rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Re-constructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 64510 (October 23, 2015)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
W
HITFIELD ) and the gentleman from 
New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on S.J. Res. 23. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Today, we will debate resolutions of 
disapproval under the Congressional Review Act for the two EPA rules regu-lating greenhouse gas emissions from new and existing electric generating units. 
I might say that it is appropriate 
that we are debating these resolutions today. As we know, the President and other leaders are meeting in France as we speak. They are speaking in gener-alities; they are not being detailed in their plans. Yet, in America, we are be-coming aware more each day of exactly the impact the EPA’s regulations are having on the American people. 
I remind everyone that Congress was 
not a part of any of this. The White House did not talk to us about any of this. The clean energy plan comes from the White House and is being imple-mented by the EPA. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). 
Mr. MULLIN. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encour-
age Members to support these resolu-tions. 
In 1996, Congress passed and the 
President signed into law an important tool for ensuring our three branches of government stay true to the vision of our Founding Fathers that was set over 200 years ago. Today, we are here to use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.038 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8823 December 1, 2015 
this tool to rein in a President who has 
forgotten that the legislative branch makes the laws and that the executive branch enforces them. 
The final rules regarding emissions 
from new and existing power plants are a clear executive overreach. In issuing these rules, the EPA has acted outside the authority it was granted by Con-gress in the Clean Air Act. 
Electricity generation has always 
been the responsibility of States, but with these rules the President is threatening communities, businesses, and families by attempting to put the Federal Government in charge. These rules are unworkable, and they put the reliability of our electric grid at risk. 
I ask my colleagues to seriously con-
sider the consequences of allowing such clear executive overreach to stand, and I urge them to support this resolution of disapproval. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong opposition to this res-
olution, and I oppose the other resolu-tion that we will also consider this afternoon. 
Once again, Republicans are attempt-
ing to stop any action by this adminis-tration to reduce carbon emissions, and, once again, the opponents of the EPA’s regulations have no constructive alternative to offer that would improve the environmental performance of the electricity sector. 
In fact, this week, the House of Rep-
resentatives will not only consider these two unnecessary, ill-conceived resolutions, but it will also consider an energy bill that is dedicated to rolling back gains that have been made in en-ergy efficiency, grid modernization, and renewable energy. 
Mr. Speaker, governments and many 
of the world’s largest private sector companies are gathered in Paris this week. They are putting forward inno-vative ideas, and they are making com-mitments to forge a different energy path—one that will prevent us from further overheating the Earth and causing major disruptions to people’s lives, their property, and the global economy. 
We know that climate change is 
harming us today through droughts, fires, floods, and storms, and we know that it will endanger our children’s fu-ture if we don’t act now. 
Some of the opposition to these reso-
lutions is based on the assertion that they will not solve the world’s carbon emissions problems or ensure that we will avoid increased warming and cata-strophic climate change, but that is not true. Reducing carbon pollution from the power sector through the im-plementation of performance standards for new power plants and improving the overall environmental performance of our grid will reduce carbon emis-sions here in the United States. 
By making a commitment to this ef-
fort and demonstrating that reducing pollution is consistent with maintain-ing a reliable, resilient electricity sup-ply, the United States exercises its 
leadership, giving assurance to other nations to follow our example. 
This resolution and its companion 
will block the EPA and this adminis-tration from taking prudent steps to reduce carbon pollution from one of the highest emitting sectors, the power sector. 
That is not all. The Congressional 
Review Act stipulates that the passage of a resolution to block a final rule also bars the Agency from issuing any rules that are substantially similar. So these resolutions prevent any future administration from developing similar rules to control carbon emissions from power plants. 
The irony is that this sector already 
is poised to make many of the changes that are contained within these EPA rules. These changes are being driven by a combination of factors, only one of which is Federal regulation. State policies, changes in the relative price of natural gas and coal, smart grid technologies, consumer demand, and the further expansion of wind and solar generation all are factors that are re-shaping the grid and redefining rela-tionships within the electricity sector. 
Instead of trying to hold back these 
forces, we should be helping States, local governments, consumers, grid op-erators, utilities, and displaced work-ers to make this transition easier. 
Every significant effort to improve 
air quality through the Clean Air Act regulations has met the same tired, old arguments from the GOP—that it will cost too much, that it will jeopardize the reliability of our electricity sys-tem, that we don’t have the technology to meet these new standards. Every time these dire predictions by my Re-publican colleagues are put forward, they have failed to materialize. 
We have already had delayed action 
on climate change, Mr. Speaker, for too long. The EPA’s rules to set green-house gas emissions standards for new and reconstructed generating units is an essential first step toward a more sustainable energy future. This rule sends a strong signal to the market in favor of technologies that provide im-proved environmental performance. 
These EPA rules—this one and the 
one that will be mentioned later today—should move forward, and this joint resolution should be defeated. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We are taking this action today to 
protect the American people. The American people do not expect unelected bureaucrats, acting at the discretion and the direction of the President of the United States, to uni-laterally adopt regulations that are questionably illegal. 
We have 23 States that are filing law-
suits on the new coal plant rules, and we have 27 States that have already filed lawsuits on the existing electric generating rules. I might add that, in 
the last 5 years, this administration has spent a total of $77 billion on cli-mate change. 
People ask why we have not taken 
action. This administration has been so extreme, so aggressive—and view this as the number one priority facing man-kind—that we don’t have enough money to act. Also, there are 61 sepa-rate Federal programs under the Obama administration that address cli-mate change. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ). 
b1445 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, back in October I had the oppor-tunity to attend the Indiana Industrial Energy Consumers annual conference in Indianapolis. There I heard from stakeholders across the energy supply chain about the serious economic and reliability issues emanating from the EPA Clean Power Plan. 
For instance, John Hughes with the 
Electricity Consumers Resource Coun-cil presented findings showing that In-diana alone stands to lose 12,500 jobs because of these rules. This comes on top of the previous Obama administra-tion regulations that have severely re-stricted my State’s economic competi-tiveness and has dramatically in-creased electricity bills for Hoosiers. 
In fact, Indiana’s electric rates have 
gone from the fifth lowest in the Na-tion in 2003 to the twenty-sixth lowest in 2014. When these rules take effect, electricity rates in my State will con-tinue to climb to the tune of up to 20 percent each year. 
As a result, Hoosier manufacturers, 
who drive more than 30 percent of our economy, will be forced to shutter as-sembly lines and lay off employees simply to pay their utility bills. 
Congress needs to think about the 
very real consequences of this, even if the EPA and the Obama administra-tion are not thinking about this. The EPA Clean Power Plan means lost jobs, lost economic growth, and higher util-ity costs for both individuals and busi-nesses. 
That is why I strongly support both 
of the bills before us, which put an end to the executive overreach, protect the American ratepayer, and allow us to truly pursue an all-of-the-above energy strategy that will transform our econ-omy and lay that strong foundation for our energy future. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. J
UDYCHU). 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, this week something historic is happening. Leaders from 195 coun-tries are meeting in Paris to discuss a global solution to a global problem: cli-mate change. 
There is no denying it anymore. Cli-
mate change is real. Human activity is contributing to it. Without action, the results will be catastrophic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.042 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8824 December 1, 2015 
Yet, while the nations of the world 
gather in agreement and concern, what are the House Republicans doing? They are rejecting science and reversing what progress we have made. 
These disapproval resolutions effec-
tively gut EPA’s Clean Power Plan and carbon pollution standards for power plants. By attacking the EPA, Repub-licans are opening the smokestacks to release more of the dangerous emis-sions we know contribute to global warming. This is reckless. 
Not only do these resolutions ignore 
the warnings of the scientific commu-nity by reversing progress, they also block the EPA from issuing any stand-ards in the future that are substan-tially similar. Republicans must accept that our country is evolving. 
In fact, many States are already run-
ning on an increasing amount of renew-able energy, reducing energy waste, and decreasing carbon pollution. My own State of California has set a goal of 50 percent renewable energy by 2030, and others are developing their own plans to meet pollution reduction tar-gets. 
Each new goal towards a cleaner en-
vironment only encourages the invest-ments and innovations that will help get us there. That is a benefit to our economy and our world, which is why two-thirds of Americans support a cli-mate change pact. 
It is time we listen to our constitu-
ents, to the vast majority of scientists and experts, and to the tens of thou-sands of world leaders, experts, and ad-vocates who are seeking a path toward a sustainable future for our children and grandchildren. 
I oppose these resolutions and these 
reckless attacks on our environment. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I might say that no one on our side of 
the aisle has denied climate change. I think we still live in a country where we all can express our views and we simply disagree with the President on the urgency of the issue. The President has even told the world that climate change is a more pressing issue to man-kind than terrorism. 
When we talk to people in the devel-
oping world, when we talk to people in Europe and around the globe, rep-resentatives come here and they stress to us that they are more concerned about clean water, a job, electricity, health, hygiene, issues like that, than they are about climate change. 
Even in the polls here in America, 
only about 5 percent of the American people view climate change as one of the most pressing issues facing man-kind. So that is why we have over 180 separate groups around the country that support these joint resolutions to turn back what President Obama is doing in an extreme and unprecedented way. 
I would also just like to read that the 
Partnership for a Better Energy Fu-ture, which is a 181-member coalition, including national as well as State and 
local organizations in 36 States, writes of EPA’s rule for new plants, which is precisely what we are discussing today: The EPA set a regulation so strict that the only technology that meets the re-quirement for a coal-fired power plant, carbon capture and sequestration is not commercially available. 
There is no technology available to 
meet the stringent emissions standard set by EPA. Yet, China, India, and every other country in the world can build a new coal plant if they decide to do so. 
We are not mandating that a plant be 
built, but we are recognizing the in-creased need for electricity in America and that it must be affordable and it must be abundant. For us to compete in the global marketplace, we simply want that option, and that is what this is about. 
I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of S.J. Res. 23, which disapproves of the EPA’s car-bon standard rules for power plants. 
Our country is blessed with an abun-
dance of energy sources. Reliable, af-fordable, and secured energy is critical to our national security, and a diverse energy portfolio adds to our strength. 
While new technologies have allowed 
us to tap into sustainable sources of energy, we lack the infrastructure to use that energy nationwide. Clean coal, natural gas, and nuclear produce the bulk of America’s energy for a reason. They are affordable, reliable, and the most available. 
The carbon capture and storage tech-
nologies mandated by this rule are not commercially viable. Make no mistake. The EPA is seeking to ban the con-struction of any new fossil fuel power plants and severely limit the produc-tion of the others. With its companion rule on greenhouse gases, the EPA will simultaneously force the closure of many existing power plants. 
Until alternative sources of energy 
are affordable and available from coast to coast, we must ensure that Ameri-cans can continue to affordably light and heat their homes. Under this rule, we will be unable to achieve this. 
I urge my colleagues to protect fami-
lies and the economy by supporting this bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I just have to say, I listened to my 
colleague from Kentucky (Mr. W
HIT-
FIELD ), who I respect a great deal. I 
think he is suggesting that somehow the Republicans on our committee or maybe the leadership in the House do want to address climate change. 
Every time that I have tried in the 
committee to bring up the issue of cli-mate change, nothing has happened. We haven’t had a hearing. We haven’t had a bill. We haven’t had any initia-tive since I have been on the com-mittee, let alone served as the ranking member, in the last year—any initia-tive—that would address the issue of 
climate change. 
So when my colleague from Ken-
tucky says, ‘‘Well, we are not denying that this exists. We just don’t think it is a priority,’’ well, it is not only not a priority. It is not something we have addressed at all in any way anytime the Democrats or myself have tried to raise this issue. 
To suggest that it shouldn’t be a pri-
ority—and maybe that is not what he is saying, but it sounded that way— well, I come from a district where we had Hurricane Sandy that devastated our district. We have droughts in Cali-fornia—we were just discussing it with my California colleagues who will be speaking soon—and all kinds of weath-er extremes that are causing all kinds of problems—loss of jobs, destruction around the country that has to be made up for later by FEMA and other Federal agencies that come in and spend billions of dollars to try to cor-rect these problems. To suggest that this is not a priority I think is wrong. To suggest that somehow maybe the Republicans are dealing with it is sim-ply not the case. 
Again, I know you don’t particularly 
like the President’s power plan, but at least he is trying to do something. I don’t see the GOP addressing this at all. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU). 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I am Congressman T EDLIEU 
from California. I rise in opposition to 
the Republican resolution opposing the Clean Power Plan. 
This is just another example of the 
Republican majority denying the ur-gency and severity of carbon pollution. At a time when the entire world is meeting in Paris to address carbon pol-lution, you now have the Republican majority doing exactly the opposite. 
Now, America is an exceptional coun-
try, the best in the world. One reason we got here is because we believe in science. We believe in facts. 
So if 9 out of 10 doctors said that 
your child is showing the symptoms of diabetes, would you ignore that and keep feeding your child doughnuts? No. You would go seek treatment. 
So listen to 9 out of 10 scientists that 
are saying carbon pollution is real and it is going to kill us as a species if we don’t do anything about it. 
If you don’t want to listen to those 
scientists, listen to some of the most conservative companies and organiza-tions in America. Listen to ExxonMobil today. They say carbon pollution is real, it is being caused by humankind, and they support putting a price on carbon emissions. 
Listen to the U.S. military. I served 
in Active Duty, and I am still in the Reserves. I am very proud of our mili-tary. They take the world as it is, not as they think it should be, not as they hope it will be, but as it is. They rely on facts and science. 
They are telling us carbon pollution 
is a national security threat and it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.043 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8825 December 1, 2015 
going to flood our bases, it is going to 
cause more extreme weather events, and it is going to make it much worse for humanity if we don’t do something about it. 
At the end of the day, America is 
going to lead and the history books are going to say we led the way in saving humanity and dealing with carbon pol-lution or there will be no history books. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I wish President Obama took the threat of radical Islamic jihadists as seriously as he takes the pseudo science behind the manmade climate change threat. 
Folks, these EPA rules affect jobs 
and they affect the amount of money in the pockets of moms and dads all across this great country. Now, trans-portation fuel costs are down for moms and dads, but the power to heat and cool their homes, the power to run the engines of the economy—the cost of that power has gone up because of the 
EPA regulations and rule writing that we have seen. 
What does that mean? Well, whole-
sale electricity prices in South Caro-lina will spike as high as 13.9 percent. Households will pay as much as $84.19 more a year. Industrial customers will pay as much as $40,200 more a year just in South Carolina. It will cause 11,700 manufacturing jobs to be impacted. 
Since 2012, 27 coal mining companies 
with core operations in West Virginia have filed for bankruptcy protection. But you know what? The TPP trade deal will allow West Virginia coal and Wyoming coal to be shipped to China to be burned. Now, where is the hypoc-risy in that? 
Let me tell you this: We rely on 24/7, 
always on, baseload power to run the engines of our society to heat and cool our homes. We can’t do that with inter-mittent solar and wind. You can do that with nuclear, hydro, and fossil- fuel-fired power plants. 
Think about the morality of 24/7 
baseload power. That means the incu-bators in the hospitals are there to pro-vide the incubation for the preemie children. That means that you can keep food from spoiling. That means you can heat your homes with some sort of source that doesn’t cause pollu-tion inside your home like it does, say, in Latin America or Africa, where they are burning wood or coal. 
We have the ability through nuclear, 
hydro, and through fossil-fuel-fired power plants to provide that 24/7 base-load power. You can’t do it with regu-lations that continue to kill the indus-try. You can’t do it with intermittent energy sources like wind and solar. These regulations and these rules, written because of those regulations, are killing job creation in this country. 
b1500 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ). Without objection, the gentleman from New York (Mr. T ONKO ) 
will control the time on behalf of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ). 
There was no objection. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. C
APPS ). She serves as a 
member of the Subcommittee on Envi-ronment and the Economy. She is an outspoken voice for defending the envi-ronment and calling for our sound stewardship of the environment. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
unwavering opposition to these resolu-tions which deny the real effects of cli-mate change and express opposition to our Nation’s effort to address it. 
These resolutions are particularly 
embarrassing because they come at a time when the rest of the world is com-ing together in Paris to identify solu-tions to climate change. There is over-whelming consensus around the globe that climate change is one of the most critical issues facing our world, not just for the environment, but for human health and for our local econo-mies. 
Our climate is changing. Our actions 
are emitting the greenhouse gasses that are contributing to this problem. Climate change is threatening public health, people’s livelihoods, and the very environment that we live in. 
While we should be determining a 
course forward to protect our constitu-ents and safeguard our planet for gen-erations to come, we are instead send-ing a signal to the rest of the world of willful negligence and disregard. In-stead of arguing about whether the cli-mate is changing, which it is, or if we are responsible, which we are, it is high time that we work together to deter-mine solutions. 
The new source carbon pollution 
standards and the Clean Power Plan will not solve all of the problems asso-ciated with greenhouse gasses, but it is a necessary step in the right direction. In addition to enacting meaningful change to curb emissions from the power sector, which is the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in this country, these regulations also send a signal to people across America and across the world that we are work-ing to address this broader issue. 
Curbing carbon emissions from new 
and existing power plants in the coun-try signifies that we are serious about working toward a cleaner, healthier fu-ture. 
In addition to providing for a 
healthier environment for current and future generations, these regulations are important for both our public health and our business community alike. EPA’s carbon regulations will lead to billions of dollars of public health benefits, potentially averting thousands of premature deaths and tens of thousands of asthma attacks in children. 
The private sector has also stressed 
the need to take action because they understand the long-term costs and benefits. Businesses understand the 
economic consequences of inaction, that they are severe, and that we need to prepare for climate change today. They know the regulations are pro-jected to create over 300,000 new clean energy jobs. 
On the central coast of California, 
my congressional district, we have seen firsthand how important the jobs asso-ciated with the clean energy tech-nologies are. Renewable energy projects in my district have created hundreds of new jobs, and provide enough energy for over 100,000 homes. 
Instead, here we are today, debating 
and voting on resolutions of dis-approval that deny these facts and show again the willingness of the ma-jority to bury its head in the sand when faced with the need for action on climate change. 
Just a few months ago, we all sat in 
this Chamber together as the Pope spoke of our world’s most pressing challenges. In that speech, he reminded us that it is our moral obligation to re-spond to climate change. I couldn’t agree more. We must band together to enact meaningful and lasting change for our people and our planet. I urge my colleagues to oppose these resolu-tions. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
One of the great things about having 
a debate in this body is that we all get to express our different views, and the world benefits when different views can be expressed. 
One of the reasons that we brought 
these resolutions to the House floor today is because of the climate change conference in France going on today. We want the world to know that there is disagreement with the President on this issue, not about the fact that the climate is changing, but about the pri-ority that is being placed on it. 
Why should this President penalize 
America and put us in jeopardy com-pared to other countries of the world and require us to do more than other countries of the world are doing just so that he can go to France and claim to be the world leader on climate change? 
According to the Energy Information 
Administration, energy-related CO
2 
emissions in America will remain below 2005 levels through 2040. Our CO
2 
emissions today are roughly the same as they were 20 years ago. America does not have to take a backseat to anyone on addressing climate change. That is the point that we want the world to understand. We are doing a lot. We would like to help other coun-tries do more, but why should we be pe-nalized? 
At this time, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, you have 
heard the facts from the gentleman from Kentucky just now. What we are dealing with here on the other side is an ideology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.044 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8826 December 1, 2015 
Today I rise in support of the two 
resolutions that work to keep elec-tricity affordable and reliable for Americans. S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24 are a response to harmful regulations established by the EPA under the President’s Clean Power Plan. The EPA’s regulations implement the first- ever caps on carbon emissions, which will result in higher energy costs for American families, businesses, and consumers. Some experts have said that the Clean Power Plan could be the most expensive regulation ever im-posed on Americans. 
Congress must protect Americans 
from legacy-driven agendas that tram-ple the rights of our citizens, hurt our economy, and hinder job growth. These two resolutions work to provide protec-tion for existing and future American power plants and safeguard Americans from higher energy costs. 
The Senate has already passed this 
legislation. As the people’s House, it is imperative that we vote to protect Americans from these destructive regu-lations. 
I will continue to fight against the 
EPA’s power grab. That is why I strongly support these two pieces of legislation. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I have great respect for 
our colleague from Kentucky. However, when he talks about being in disagree-ment with the President of the United States, I should point out also that he is in disagreement with 97 percent of the scientist community that professes that we need to do something tremen-dously strong in response to climate change. 
In regard to our role in this whole 
arena, putting ourselves at a competi-tive disadvantage, one of the respon-sibilities that befalls the leading na-tion like the United States is that, in fact, we must be that inspiration that inspires the international community. We have been able to bring some 150 countries to the fold to speak to their efforts of climate change, and we have inspired efforts from major nations like that of China, Brazil, and Mexico so as to begin that process. 
When I met in my office with rep-
resentatives from the EU—I think there were 13 nations represented— they all wanted to know where the giant was on this issue. The world is looking to the United States for its leadership, and that is a role that we should not take lightly, and it is one that we should move forward with in bold fashion. 
With that being said, I now yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ), who has been 
an outstanding voice on the Sub-committee on Environment and the Economy. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to oppose S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24. 
Frankly, this effort to deny climate 
change reminds me of the 50-plus votes we have taken to try to eliminate the Affordable Care Act. As a global leader, we must reduce 
carbon emissions. To simply ignore our responsibility is misguided and will harm generations to come. We can’t solve climate change by ourselves, but we must lead and be part of a larger ef-fort. 
I know that fossil fuels—and in par-
ticular, liquid fuels—will be needed in the years ahead, but we can still move toward a more efficient and sustainable energy system. 
For example, I have actually had coal 
plants in my region shut down, shift to biomass, and become very successful while also benefiting the climate. I would also note that California is again leading the world in efforts to promote cleaner energy with a 50 percent renew-able energy goal by 2050. 
I represent part of the Central Val-
ley, which has some of the worst air quality in the Nation. While this comes from a variety of sources, it impacts everyone. In an area that is already hurt economically, dirty air affects school- and workdays and dispropor-tionately hurts children and other adults. This makes me more deter-mined than ever to develop green en-ergy. 
This vote will again show that most 
or all House Republicans deny the obvi-ous: climate change is taking place as a result of human activity. I expect that many of my Republican colleagues know and believe that climate change is real and is a long-term threat, and yet we are voting on these two resolu-tions today. 
Lastly, one argument we hear is that 
the Clean Power Plan is administrative overreach and that it was never au-thorized by Congress. But this is ex-actly what the Clean Air Act does. The Supreme Court has ruled that carbon emissions can be regulated by the Clean Air Act. 
I urge my colleagues to support our 
future, reject efforts that increase pol-lution, and oppose this measure. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire how much time is remaining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 16
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 14
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I thank the gen-
tleman from Kentucky for his leader-ship on this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, every day Washington 
hits the American people with more regulations that hurt families, but very few will hurt these families more than President Obama’s so-called Clean Power Plan because, according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency, the average electricity cost for a Texas household each year is $1,800, which is already 26 percent higher than the na-tional average. To put this in perspec-tive, almost half of all Texans spend more than 15 percent of their annual household budget on energy costs 
alone. 
To stand up for middle-income fami-
lies, we have an obligation to fight for policies that will keep energy costs down. Unfortunately, the administra-tion’s new regulations do exactly the opposite, which is why I introduced resolutions to combat these regula-tions immediately after they were an-nounced and garnered the support of cosponsors from 15 different States. Americans across every corner of this country are impacted by this adminis-tration’s overregulatory zeal, and we have got to do everything we can to stop it. 
The facts are clear. These regulations 
will shut down vital power plants across the country, costing thousands of hardworking Americans their jobs, and in the process driving up elec-tricity costs for every American. To that point, the Electric Reliability Council of Texas anticipates that these regulations will increase retail power prices in Texas by up to 16 percent; and when family budgets are already stretched so thin, they simply can’t af-ford this increase. In developing these regulations, the Obama administration once again has ignored everyday Amer-icans and instead doubled down on its extreme ideological agenda. 
Making matters worse, the EPA 
itself admits that these regulations come at a cost of anywhere between $5.1 billion and $8.4 billion in year 2030 alone. 
What are the benefits of these regula-
tions, you may ask? In exchange for crushing American families, losing American jobs at a cost of billions and billions of dollars, what profound effect will these regulations have on our envi-ronment? 
Well, the scientific experts estimate 
that these regulations would only re-duce the global temperature by one one-hundredth of a degree Fahrenheit and reduce sea levels by a mere two- tenths of 1 millimeter. Mr. Speaker, we simply can’t let the Obama administra-tion force Americans to sacrifice so much when even the most optimistic of calculations predict that the return would be negligible at best. 
I urge my colleagues to support both 
pieces of legislation which are so crit-ical to stopping these regulations dead in their tracks. 
b1515 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, there is much talk of 
the impact the President has on this issue and that it is a one-person force driving this country in a given direc-tion, but a memo has been brought to my attention from Cassandra Car-michael, Executive Director of the Na-tional Religious Partnership for the Environment, and the faith-based com-munity, which incorporates several faiths, who have written very strongly about their belief that we need to move forward with climate change action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.045 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8827 December 1, 2015 
They are disappointed in the lack of 
foresight and leadership reflected in these two resolutions. They make it abundantly clear that their commu-nities are on the front lines of issues like health care, disaster relief, refugee resettlement, and development work. These are all issues that are somewhat connected in the external measure-ments of the fight on climate change. 
They also talk about their beliefs 
that the Clean Power Plan is a solution that they have been advocating for over the course of many years, and that they believe that we can do this by assignment to the individual States, not imposing heavy economic pressure on some of our poorest neighborhoods, and that there is a way to be sound stewards of the environment and at the same time grow our economy. 
I believe that it is a very powerful 
statement that should motivate all of us to think twice about our actions here, that we should move forward in a progressive fashion. They indicate God’s creation is sacred and that we are called on to be responsible stewards of the gifts of creation while protecting our vulnerable neighbors. It doesn’t get stronger than that. 
So with that, I just think it needs to 
be brought into the discussion that it is not a one-person operation, a one- person show that is drawing us down this certain route of response to cli-mate change but, rather, a large uni-verse of support there that speaks to the wisdom of sound stewardship. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHN-
SON), who is a passionate voice on be-
half of the environment and economic recovery. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank 
the gentleman for yielding the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose 
S.J. Res. 23 and 24, which constitute the latest salvo by my friends on the other side of the aisle attacking our Nation’s commitment to cut carbon pollution and slow climate change. 
Now, I do realize that some of us 
really don’t care whether or not man-kind’s actions contribute to climate change. Some of us really don’t care. 
Some of us don’t care to consider 
that 95 percent of scientists recognize that it is man’s activities that are con-tributing to the astronomical rate of climate change that is occurring that has the potential to render our planet uninhabitable by human beings. You can laugh, you can smile, you can joke, but 95 percent of the scientists agree that if we continue along the same path that we are continuing along, it is the demise of humankind itself that is the end result. 
Now, some say you can adapt. Well, 
what we should be adapting to is the reality of the fact that we can change this. We can make things better for our children. That is why 195 progressive- thinking leaders of 195 countries rep-resented in Paris today—right now, as we speak—are working on this very profound issue that affects humankind. And what are we here in Congress 
doing? We are trying to scuttle the plans that have been made by this country to try to reduce carbon pollu-tion. We are trying to scuttle it. We are using the argument that it is too costly to the big businesses that are al-ready making billions. 
Don’t you know that, regardless of 
the cost to the big businesses, they are going to transfer those costs on down to you and me? Well, I think the health of our babies, the health of our elderly, and our own health is something that most Americans are willing to pay for. 
We have got to have leadership in 
this Congress. We can’t allow ourselves to put our heads in the sand and let cli-mate change just rape and pillage the world. 195 world leaders say that we can’t do that. That is what they are working on now, today, and we should be supporting that effort. 
Unfortunately, we are going in the 
wrong direction here in this particular body by trying to kill it. I don’t know whether or not that is because Presi-dent Obama represents this country. He has been the most mistreated Presi-dent during my lifetime, certainly. I don’t know whether or not it is the ha-tred for him that causes people to deny science. But whatever it is, let’s get off of it. Let’s do the right thing, and let’s oppose these two resolutions. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I might say that this is 
really not a debate about science today. I have said repeatedly and most people have said, yes, we agree the cli-mate is changing, but this is a debate about the solution and about the poli-cies being advanced by this administra-tion. That is why for both rules you have a total of 50 States and a mul-titude of other entities that have filed lawsuits—because we believe it is ille-gal. In fact, on the existing rule, which we will discuss in the next hour, EPA changed 30 years of its legal opinions, saying that they could not regulate under 111(d) the way they intend to do it now. 
So I have the greatest respect for 
every Member of this body, and cer-tainly those on the Energy and Power Subcommittee and the Energy and Commerce Committee, but I think it is important that we be able to have the debate. And that is what we are doing: showing how we disagree with the President’s policies and his solutions. 
I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), who 
has been involved on this issue. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of the two disapproval resolutions that the House will con-sider today. 
Mr. Speaker, many of our bellies are 
still full from Thanksgiving and now we are thinking about what we are going to buy our loved ones and family for Christmas. Let me tell you what families in Texas do not want for Christmas, and that is higher energy bills. But that is what we are going to 
get if EPA’s proposed rules for new and existing power plants go into effect. 
Many families in Texas are already 
living paycheck to paycheck. They are looking for ways to put a little extra aside so they can have a nice Christ-mas. But the EPA’s rule for power plants will do more than just raise their electricity rates. Higher rates in-crease the cost of many other products and services that families need to buy. 
During this weak economic recovery, 
families struggling to pay bills or still looking for good-paying jobs simply can’t afford for their cost of living to go up. Folks in my district have had enough of this kind of executive over-reach by the White House. They have had enough of the excessive red tape that just seems to keep on coming from Federal bureaucracies like the EPA. They know it destroys jobs and economic growth; and in this case, it also puts our national security at risk. This new red tape by the EPA will 
hamper American energy security, and American energy security is a critical component of American national secu-rity. 
The EPA’s plan is an unnecessary at-
tempt to eliminate reliable and afford-able energy. Let’s help make sure our families, our veterans, and our senior citizens don’t face higher energy bills. I encourage my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 23 and 24. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, when it comes to the 
policies, I believe that the many, many hearings on the many issues, in a way, provide for a doable, workable plan. But opposition to a policy or just say-ing ‘‘no’’ isn’t public policy. It isn’t a strong response. It isn’t a substantive response. To just disagree with what is being offered here without having via-ble solutions, without addressing car-bon emissions, without speaking to the nuances of greening up our power sup-plies and growing energy independence, 
we are failing to respond in an effective manner. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ), a very strong voice and pro-
gressive voice for the environment, who is strong in her beliefs about cli-mate change. 
Ms. TSONGAS. I thank my colleague 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to the misguided resolutions be-fore the House that seek to block the Clean Power Plan and undermine United States global leadership on cli-mate change. 
Climate change is no longer an aca-
demic question for scientists to ponder. It is a very real crisis that, if left un-touched, will cause irreparable harm to current and future generations. 
Should the resolutions we are consid-
ering today become law, our country would be prevented from taking nec-essary steps to safeguard our future. 
The Clean Power Plan calls for a 32 
percent reduction in carbon dioxide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.047 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8828 December 1, 2015 
emissions below 2005 levels by 2030 and 
sets individual goals for each State in order to meet this national standard. It is a reasonable, commonsense approach that gives States the flexibility to re-duce carbon pollution with strategies that work best in their State while bol-stering clean energy investments and economic development. 
Efforts to block the Clean Power 
Plan not only ignore overwhelming sci-entific consensus—we only have to turn on the radio today to hear it time after time, moment after moment—but they ignore the global consensus that we must take action to address climate change. 
Right now, leaders from over 190 
countries are gathered in Paris to out-line long-term strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and stave off the worst impacts of climate change. While at the summit, President Obama personally met with other heads of state, including the leaders of China and India, to reaffirm their commit-ment to reducing carbon emissions. 
America must be at the forefront and 
lead by example. We must embrace modern policies that cut emissions, in-crease the use of renewable energy, re-duce our dependence on foreign oil, and encourage the development of innova-tive green technologies. If we are suc-cessful, the economic, security, and en-vironmental benefits to our Nation will be widespread, long-lasting, and sig-nificant. 
I urge my colleagues to reject these 
harmful resolutions. The cost of inac-tion on the critical generational chal-lenge is simply unacceptable and the price of delay too high. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, it raises the question 
once again. As I said, we have been very successful in America under the Clean Air Act. Our CO
2emissions are 
as low as they were 20 years ago, and they are projected to be below 2005 lev-els through 2040. We are making great progress. 
So why is the President committing 
America to being a country that can-not build a new coal-powered plant? We are not saying you should build one, but the President said he is for an all- of-the-above energy policy; yet he is prohibiting, through regulation, the building of a new coal-powered plant because the technology is not available to meet the emissions standards. 
You don’t think the Chinese would 
agree to not build a coal plant, do you? They are providing money for Pakistan to build coal plants. They are providing money for India to build coal plants. And even in Europe, with the natural gas prices from Russia so high, they are building new coal plants as they close down some gas plants. 
So that is the kind of policy that we 
are discussing here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
distinguished gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), who has been fo-cused on this issue for his entire con-
gressional career. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding the time and for his leadership. 
I might add that, prior to being in 
Congress, I was focused on the issue for nearly 10 years as a regulator of the en-ergy industry in North Dakota. I served nearly 10 years on the North Da-kota Public Service Commission, where I regulated not only the siting of coal plants, the reclamation of coal mines, but the cost of electricity to consumers. 
b1530 
I have to address some of the com-
ments made by the gentleman from Georgia. I am sure they were sincere. I am sure they were well-intentioned. 
But to stand here, Mr. Speaker, and 
lecture us that we are somehow moti-vated by hatred for the President of the United States is so beneath the dig-nity of this Chamber, and I am embar-rassed for him. 
Let me tell you that Barack Obama 
has the right to his opinion, and he is entitled to have it be different than mine. He perfectly has the right to be wrong even, if he wants to be. 
But he doesn’t have the right to 
break the law because he couldn’t get a law changed when he had a Democratic House and a Democratic Senate. And that is what we are here to talk about, the violation of the law, as the chair-man has pointed to earlier. 
I don’t even want to deal with the 
merits of climate change or global warming. I want to deal with the solu-tion. 
We have heard today that Repub-
licans don’t have a solution. Well, let me tell you about my little rectangular spot in the middle of the North Amer-ican continent, North Dakota, best known now, of course, for producing a whole bunch of oil. 
But long before we produced oil, we 
produced coal, 30 million tons a year, as a matter of fact. Seventy-nine per-cent of our electricity is generated by coal. We generate coal-generated elec-tricity for many States in our region. 
But we also are one of the seven 
States that meet all ambient air qual-ity standards as prescribed by the EPA. We have a grade A, perfect, year after year after year for our air by the American Lung Association. The coun-ties that have the greatest concentra-tion of coal-fired power plants get an A grade. 
Our utilities have been investing 
hundreds of millions of dollars over the years in clean coal technologies and scrubbers and everything that we can do to make our environment cleaner. 
We live there. We love it. No bureau-
crat in Washington, D.C., is going to love the air that we breathe in North Dakota more than those of us who live in North Dakota. 
We also enjoy, like other coal-pro-
ducing States, some of the lowest- priced electricity in the country. I also would like to point out that, 
long before it was cool, we were siting wind farms. I sited over 1,000 megawatts of wind farms when I was on the Commission. Now there are nearly 2,000 megawatts of installed wind in North Dakota. 
We don’t even have a mandate. We 
don’t need to be lectured to by people who don’t know a thing about where we live, a thing about our economy. We will do the right thing because it is the right thing. We will do the right thing because it is good for our families. 
And, by the way, the rule that we are 
disapproving, the two rules we are dis-approving, disproportionately hurt the poor and the middle income. Do you think it is the poor people that can af-ford to buy an Energy Star refrigerator at the end of the month? Is it the poor people that can afford to wrap their house in new insulation? Of course not. 
We need to pass these resolutions and 
reject these rules. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
The whole effort to make certain 
that we move forward with carbon emission reduction and the claims that we have dropped since 2005 levels—well, there was a drop in 2008 and 2009 be-cause of the recession, a wind-down of activity, of less use of electricity. But then, again, we had climbed in 2012 and 2013, the last measurements on record. 
So we need to be real about this ef-
fort. We know that if we do nothing we will see drops by 2040 of only 9 percent, when efforts here to make certain that we can reduce that carbon emission by 80 percent by 2050 are a strong con-trast, and the goals here are laudable and noble. 
I would also make mention that we 
have it within our power to provide for issues that, with technology, enable us to respond to these goals. We need to do that. I think we need to set the standards in a way that pronounce our 
stewardship as very noble for the envi-ronment. 
Mr. Speaker, I again encourage us to 
reject these resolutions. I think they set us back. It would nullify opportuni-ties to policy standards that would re-quire stronger response. 
We would allow for build-out that 
provides for additional construction, additional pollution that would accom-pany that opportunity that would be dangerous to our environment. 
It would nullify our efforts to address 
carbon pollution, so that this is a dan-gerous thing, and I think it is why the President has indicated that, should they come to his desk, he would veto these measures, and why we are having this debate today while we should be championing the cause in a bipartisan, bicameral way to show the world that we care significantly about carbon emission reduction and that we want to stand as a world leader. That is where we should place ourselves and posit ourselves in that noble dimen-sion. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.048 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8829 December 1, 2015 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. 
TONKO , who does a great job on our 
committee, and I certainly respect his views. 
I wanted to just touch previously on 
and reiterate why we are here today. The Senate has already passed both of these resolutions by a vote of 52–46 of disapproval of the President’s clean en-ergy plan and his regulation relating to new coal-fired plants. 
We wanted this on the floor today be-
cause we want to send a message to the climate change conference in Paris that in America there is serious dis-agreement with the extreme policies of this President. 
I would like to just point out briefly 
one of the reasons why we are so upset with this particular resolution about the emission standards for new coal- fired plants if one is going to be built. 
EPA went to great detail of setting 
an emission standard, and they based that standard on four plants. And guess what? None of the three plants in America are even in operation. 
In fact, the one in Texas, it looks 
like it is not going to be built at all. The one in California, DOE has sus-pended funding for it. The one in Mis-sissippi has already experienced a $4.2 billion cost overrun. And it is close to an oil field for enhanced oil recovery to make it work, but it is not in oper-ation. 
The only plant that is operating, on 
which EPA set this emission standard, is a very small project in Canada that would not have been built without the Canadian Government funding. And it looks like it will never achieve a tech-nical readiness level that would show it is available for commercial demonstra-tion. 
So here you have EPA taking this 
drastic step based on emissions of plants that really are not even in oper-ation. 
Why should America be the only 
country where you cannot build a new coal plant because EPA has set an emission standard that commercially and technically is not feasible? 
That is what we are talking about 
here, just the policy, just the disagree-ment on the solution. I would urge our Members to support this resolution, and let’s send a message to the White House and to those conferees in Paris. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
world leaders are meeting in Paris to address the serious threat of climate change. Across the globe and here at home, there is broad recognition of the need to act decisively to curb the climate crisis that threatens our com-munities. And yet today we are considering legislation that would allow continued carbon pollution, jeopardizing public health and the environment. 
The President’s Clean Power Plan limits 
carbon pollution from new and existing power plants for the first time ever. It is a flexible, meaningful plan that will help states transition to clean energy sources and greater effi-ciency. It was developed with extensive stake-
holder outreach. And it will create jobs, reduce the toxic pollution that is a leading contributor to climate change, and protect public health. 
The resolutions on the Floor today would 
stop this common sense plan and prohibit any similar measure. And Congressional Repub-licans are not offering any plan to replace it. They continue to deny the problem of climate change, even in the face of overwhelming sci-entific evidence and the damaging storms, in-creased flooding, and drought that are already impacting our communities. They are ignoring the warnings from our Department of Defense, who call climate change a threat multiplier throughout the world. 
We have the opportunity to lead, to expand 
opportunities in 21st century energy, and to protect our environment for future generations. The world is watching. We must reject these shameful, regressive resolutions and act to prevent climate change. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the previous 
question is ordered on the joint resolu-tion. 
The question is on the third reading 
of the joint resolution. 
The joint resolution was ordered to 
be read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the joint resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on that, I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 539, I call up the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency re-lating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 539, the joint resolution is considered read. 
The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: 
S.J. R ES. 24 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-
approves the rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Car-bon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Exist-ing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 64662 (October 23, 2015)), and such rule shall 
have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
W
HITFIELD ) and the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. T ONKO ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on S.J. Res. 24. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, even more sweeping 
than EPA’s new source performance standard for power plant greenhouse gas emissions is the rule governing ex-isting sources. And that is what S.J. Res. 24 is about, and the impact that this rule is going to have on every ex-isting coal plant in America and the impact that it could have on the elec-tricity rates and the impediments that it could establish for future economic growth in America. 
I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ), 
who is vice chair of the Energy and Power Subcommittee. 
Mr. OLSON. I thank the chair and 
my good friend from Kentucky for the time to speak on this important resolu-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, today is a sad day for 
America when our administration harms our country without a valid rea-son, and yet that is exactly what Presi-dent Obama’s EPA has done with their clean power rules. 
Without input from Congress and 
with only small, limited public meet-ings, EPA rammed through new rules to limit CO
2. These rules destroy new 
coal power in America. 
In my home State of Texas, our grid 
is regulated by ERCOT, 90 percent. They say they lose 4,000 megawatts of power, at a minimum, with the early retirements of coal plants because of the Clean Power Plan. Energy costs for customers may be up by 60 percent by 2030 due to the CPP. 
EPA’s actions violate the words and 
the intent of the Clean Air Act, and that is why a majority of States have sued in Federal court to stop its imple-mentation. 
EPA’s actions have Texans scratch-
ing their heads and saying, ‘‘What the heck?’’ Why is EPA’s CPP tougher on newer coal plants than older ones? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.049 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8830 December 1, 2015 
b1545 
Newer is always cleaner than up-
graded, retrofitted older plants. What the heck? 
This is all done in the name of cli-
mate change. Climate change has hap-pened since God created our Earth. Over 66 million years ago my home State of Texas was under water. Texas, as an ocean, is huge climate change un-likely due to human campfires set at that time. 
In September 2014, a high ranking 
former Obama administration member, the under secretary for science at the Department of Education, Dr. Steven Koonin, wrote this in The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘The climate has always changed and always will.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield the gentleman from Texas an ad-ditional 30 seconds. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I will quote 
from Dr. Koonin: ‘‘There isn’t a useful consensus at the level of detail rel-evant to assess human influence on cli-mate change.’’ 
Yet, here we are, fighting for Amer-
ican jobs and commonsense regulations while world leaders are in Paris mak-ing promises they can’t keep. Enough of the Band-Aids from EPA. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote for S.J. Res. 24 and S.J. Res. 23 and for American jobs. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that 
we are considering two resolutions today that are designed to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from moving forward with critical reg-ulations to reduce carbon emissions from existing and new power plants. 
That previous resolution that was 
just aired in the House and now this resolution should be called exactly what they are, that being an attack on EPA’s Clean Air Act authority. These resolutions would block this adminis-tration or any future administration from taking meaningful action to curb carbon emissions from our power plants. 
We have ample evidence from more 
than four decades’ worth of clean air regulation that shows that a strong economy and strong environmental and public health protections do indeed go 
hand in hand. So let’s stop promoting this false notion that we cannot im-prove the air we breathe while simulta-neously growing our economy and, yes, creating jobs. 
The EPA’s Clean Power Plan will 
promote public health. The EPA esti-mates that the Clean Power Plan will reduce carbon pollution from the power sector by 32 percent—32 percent—below 2005 levels. There will also be signifi-cant reductions in sulfur dioxide and NO
Xemissions. 
This is a tremendous public health 
victory. It will avoid thousands of pre-mature deaths and an estimated 90,000 asthma attacks in children in 2030 alone. Mr. Speaker, I understand the con-
cerns of the individuals, families, and communities that may have their jobs lost or displaced due to this energy transition. We share those concerns. 
I agree that these people who have 
dedicated their lives to providing us with reliable power deserve a lot more than a pink slip, but we do these people no favors by promising job security that the economy will no longer de-liver. 
Instead of working together to find 
ways to ease the transition for States and communities that already are chal-lenged by the many changes that are happening in the electric utility sector, we are spending time trying to turn back the clock. It cannot be done. 
EPA is a convenient scapegoat here, 
but the transition that is occurring is driven by much more than EPA regula-tions. Natural gas—its abundance and low price—is out-competing coal with-in the utility sector. Power plants are aging. 
Even more important, the economy 
has changed. Many of the older plants are located in areas that once had far more demand for electricity, demand from large manufacturing plants and heavy industry. Those factories have closed or modernized, both resulting in far less electricity use. 
There are new technologies. Wind 
and solar generation is growing, and those renewable energy sources have strong, broad-based, public support. 
Other technologies that enable the 
electric grid to be smarter, more flexi-ble, and more resilient are being de-ployed now, and more are in develop-ment. State policies to encourage en-ergy efficiency and to diversify energy sources are also driving this transition. 
As I have said before, Mr. Speaker, 
was the transition from wire to wire-less communication a war on copper? Was the transition to the automobile a war on horses? No, of course not. 
EPA’s regulations are playing some 
role in driving the changes we see. That is true. But the Agency is doing what Congress directed it to do on be-half of all Americans: to act in defense of public health and to act in defense of our environment. 
Let’s put aside the EPA scapegoating 
and have a real dialogue on our chang-ing power sector and what can be done to support those working in impacted industries. Meanwhile, we are debating these resolutions as our negotiators are in Paris working on an inter-national climate agreement. 
The bottom line is there is an over-
whelming scientific consensus that cli-mate change is happening and is pri-marily caused by human activity, par-ticularly the burning of fossil fuels. 
Climate change is no longer a prob-
lem for future generations. We are al-ready feeling its effects in every corner of our Nation and across the globe, which threaten our economic and our national security. 
The Clean Power Plan will play a sig-
nificant role in the fight against cli-mate change. The United States’ ac-
tion alone won’t stop climate change, but action by the rest of the world without the United States’ action also will not succeed. 
Other countries will have an excuse 
to delay action as long as the giant, the United States, does as well. This is the dynamic that has prevented us from action in the past. But now we have seen major commitments from the world’s largest developed and de-veloping nations. 
Mr. Speaker, the Clean Power Plan 
demonstrates United States leadership and is key to our effort to secure an ambitious and lasting international climate agreement. 
We cannot fool ourselves that the 
Clean Power Plan, an agreement in Paris, or any one action alone will solve all of our climate crises. But these rules will deliver substantial ben-efits to our society, and they will move us in the right direction. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
reject these resolutions. Let’s work to-gether in a meaningful strategy to ad-dress the problems that are emerging from the transition in our own elec-tricity sector while promoting a clean-er, more sustainable Nation and grow-ing significant jobs that are not yet on the radar screen. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ). 
He is a member of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of S.J. Res. 24, which expresses congressional disapproval under the Congressional Review Act of the EPA’s rule on existing power plants. I also support S.J. Res. 23 that was just de-bated. 
According to the EPA’s own cost- 
benefit analysis, these regulations would do very little to impact global temperatures, but these regulations will, without a doubt, be devastating for Hoosier businesses and families that rely on affordable energy. Those hurt the most will be the poor and sen-iors on a fixed income. 
Mr. Speaker, advances in how we 
produce energy should be achieved through innovation, technology, and efficient business practices, not by unobtainable Federal Government mandates from the EPA. 
Mr. Speaker, Indiana disapproves of 
the EPA’s attack on our State’s econ-omy and our State’s jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
reject this overreach by supporting S.J. Res. 23 and 24. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), my colleague 
and friend. He is the cochair of the SEEC Coalition in the House, the Sus-tainable Energy and Environment Coa-lition. He is an outstanding leader with SEEC, and he is an outstanding leader for his district and the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.054 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8831 December 1, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my dear friend from New York, who is the cochair of the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition and does such a superlative job. 
I rise to support him in opposing this 
legislative effort which argues over-reach, but what it is really all about is making sure that the government does not protect the public, that we live in a Darwinian world where you appar-ently take your chances, whether it is asthma, other respiratory illnesses, cancer, and all kinds of other ailments that can affect communities that suffer from this pollution. We, as a country, can do better. We can create jobs, not lose them. 
The arguments on the other side 
have always been that the Clean Air Act costs jobs and raises costs, neither of which are true. We have gotten lots of experience since 1970 with the Clean Air Act. I can tell you that, in my home State of Virginia, electric costs came down. They didn’t go up. Jobs got created, not lost. 
I end, Mr. Speaker, by reminding us 
of what His Holiness Pope Francis has argued. When Pope Francis came to the White House, before he spoke to this body, he personally thanked the Presi-dent for these rules in protecting clean air. 
His first encyclical is on climate 
change, which he believes is one of the most important and imperative moral issues facing mankind today. That is what the Pope has to say about this 
subject. We ought to heed his words and his moral warning as we debate this subject. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose the legislation 
and support the amendments with re-spect to the Clean Air Act. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. B OST). 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Kentucky and my neighbor across the river. 
Mr. Speaker, the Obama administra-
tion’s Clean Power Plan rule is a dag-ger aimed at the heart of the coal in-dustry and affordable, American-made energy. 
According to recent studies, the reg-
ulation will increase electric costs in my home State of Illinois by 27 per-cent. That is an unbearable burden on working families, seniors, and those people who are on set incomes. 
On top of that, Mr. Speaker, the min-
ing industry employs thousands of workers in southern Illinois and sup-ports thousands more in union retirees. 
I have heard here today on this floor 
that it doesn’t affect jobs. Well, tell that to the people of my district who have watched the coal mines close and who have watched the suffering. These people don’t have the opportunity to keep their children working near their own homes. They have to move away. 
Mr. Speaker, if this regulation takes 
effect, the local coal mines that are left and coal generation plants will close down. Our priority must be af-fordable energy and American jobs. For this reason, I ask, I beg, and I 
plead: Vote for S.J. Res. 24. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). She is a member 
of the Subcommittee on Energy and Power, and that reports to the greater Committee on Energy and Commerce that we both serve. I have witnessed her straightforward thinking and her 
very strong, passionate response on be-half of climate change. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank the 
gentleman from New York for his kind words and his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this resolution that seeks to hamstring America’s ability to combat carbon pollution and the impacts of the chang-ing climate. 
In Paris today, 195 nations from 
around the world are meeting to tackle the challenges of the changing climate. I am proud to see that America is lead-ing this effort. 
America’s willingness to tackle the 
economic and environmental impacts of climate change is a reflection of our values. We do not cower in the face of difficult circumstances. That is the es-sence of the United States of America. 
b1600 
Yet that is what this Republican ma-
jority in the Congress would have us do—ignore the problem, pretend it doesn’t exist, hope it goes away. 
Well, we cannot do that. Scientific 
consensus is clear: The Earth’s climate is changing, temperatures are getting warmer, and it is the greenhouse gases that are the primary drivers. Over the long term, the consequences will be very serious and the costs will be very high, indeed, unless we take action. 
My neighbors back home in Florida 
are particularly vulnerable. Florida has more private property at risk from flooding linked to climate change than any other State, an amount that could double in the next 4 years. 
Already, local governments and tax-
payers are being asked to pay more for stormwater drainage, drinking water initiatives, and beach renourishment. Extreme weather events will likely cause increases in property insurance and flood insurance. 
We just experienced, colleagues, one 
of the warmest Novembers on record in central Florida. Because of the heat, we had to run our air conditioners a lot longer than we are used to. We are used to turning them off in November, so we are paying more on our electric bills. 
For my friends in agriculture, the to-
mato crop was harvested earlier this year because of the heat, and while the yield was comparable to past years, the size was affected. The increase in the number of days with extreme heat is sure to impact other crops in Florida’s economy. 
We are not alone. We are going to 
continue to see the impacts all across America. So we have a challenge before us. We cannot shirk our responsibility to this great country or to future gen-erations. We must unleash American ingenuity 
to reduce carbon pollution. So much is already happening. Technology today helps consumers conserve energy and save on their electric bills. Smartphones and smart meters can help you control your thermostat. 
Renewable energy, such as solar and 
wind power, hold great promise and are growing by leaps and bounds. I have seen it at home, where local businesses like IKEA and the big beer distributor-ship have put solar panels on the roofs of their huge buildings to save on their electric bills. 
Roughly 20,000 megawatts of solar ca-
pacity is forecasted to come on line over the next 2 years, doubling the country’s existing solar capacity. 
And industrial energy and heat that 
was once wasted is being turned into fuel. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. TONKO. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the gentleman. 
All of these efforts are creating the 
jobs of tomorrow in clean energy, in engineering, in energy efficiency and green building. 
So, colleagues, I urge you to defeat 
this resolution. It is largely a symbolic vote. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is one to ignore the costs and consequences of the changing climate, but if it passes, it will also be another low point for this Congress, a Congress that has demonstrated time and again an inability to deal with the complicated and thorny problems that face America. I predict that many will come to regret that legacy. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I re-
spectfully disagree with the distin-guished gentlewoman from Florida who 
says this is a symbolic vote. 
We want this vote to be held because 
the Senate has already adopted this resolution. We want the House to adopt this resolution while the climate change conference is going on in France so that the world will know that in America there is a disagree-ment about the extreme power grab that this President is initiating under his clean energy plan. 
At this time, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ), 
who has been a real leader for Ohio in this issue and in the Congress. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the chairman, and I couldn’t agree with my chairman more on his comments. 
I rise today in strong support of S.J. 
Res. 24, a joint resolution disapproving of the EPA’s regulations targeting ex-isting power plants. 
If the administration allows the 
Clean Power Plan to move forward, countless coal and coal-related jobs across the country will be eliminated, families and small businesses will be forced to pay higher electricity prices, and grid reliability will be seriously jeopardized. 
It is estimated that, to comply with 
the EPA’s existing power plant regula-tions, energy sector expenditures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.055 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8832 December 1, 2015 
would increase from $220 billion to $292 
billion, with retail electricity prices doubling in 40 States. In fact, by 2030, one study predicts Ohio’s wholesale electricity prices will increase by 31.2 percent due to this regulation. The reg-ulation will force consumers to absorb a $64 billion cost just to replace the power plants shut down by the rule. 
This resolution of disapproval sends a 
clear message to the President that a majority of the Senate, the House, and America do not approve of higher elec-tricity prices and an unreliable electric grid. 
At least 27 States, including Ohio, 
are now challenging the regulations in court. Ohio EPA Director Craig Butler is correct; it would be irresponsible for the U.S. EPA to force immediate com-pliance until the legal issues are re-solved. 
America faces real challenges. ISIS 
and other terrorist groups are plotting to attack us. We have a staggering na-tional debt that our children and grandchildren will be buried under if we don’t address it. We have a Tax Code and regulatory framework that are stifling and strangling innovation and job creation. And our education system isn’t keeping pace with those of our rivals. 
These are real problems. America’s 
air and water have never been cleaner. For the President to continue his cru-sade to shut down the coal industry and all the jobs that go with it is short-sighted, foolish, and wrong. 
And it won’t just be the coal miners 
who pay for the President’s policy on coal, Mr. Speaker. It will be every fam-ily and small business who end up pay-ing more for their electricity as a re-sult. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port S.J. Res. 24. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), a member of 
the Ways and Means Committee and, more important to this discussion, an outstanding, passionate voice con-cerning climate change and carbon emission. 
(Mr. M
CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, 
Members of Congress, the Republican propaganda machine is out here push-ing a false choice: You either have no regulations or you have no economy. That is what it is. You have to get rid of all the regulations, or you won’t have an economy. 
Now, that simply is not true. The 
facts are piling up worldwide that we cannot continue what we are doing. 
Now, on the front page of today’s 
Washington Post is a picture of a Chi-nese city where you can’t see a guy riding a bicycle in the street. That is true in Delhi. That is true in Beijing. It is all over the world. 
And, unfortunately, climate is all 
over the world. We can’t just have it clean in our neighborhood and have it awful in the rest of the world. We have 
to think about a larger issue than our own. 
I have heard the same arguments 
that I am hearing today when we said, ‘‘You got to stop smoking on the air-planes.’’ Why, we heard the tobacco boys running in here saying, ‘‘Oh, this is the end of the Earth. There will be nobody smoking tobacco.’’ 
And look what has happened. The air 
is cleaned up on planes, it is cleaned up in restaurants, it is cleaned up on this floor because we had rules and regula-tions. 
This is a public health problem as 
much as it is an economic problem. Since I got out of the military in 1968, 76,000 miners have died of black lung disease—76,000. We have appropriated in this House $45 billion in money to those miners because of their problems. 
Our ravenous appetite for fossil fuels 
continues to be a real problem, and it is getting worse. And yet, with all the reckless bills, the Republicans are once again turning a blind eye to these costs. ‘‘They don’t mean anything. We want the mine owners to have freedom to do whatever they want and the power companies to do whatever they want. We don’t want anybody to tell them you have to clean it up.’’ 
In Seattle, we have a steel plant 
right in the middle of town. It is run by Nucor. The Nucor Steel rebar plant is right in the middle of the city. It has been cleaned up, and you can do it. 
But the coal boys and the power 
boys, they don’t want to spend any money cleaning anything up. They 
don’t want anybody telling them, with regulations, you have to reduce the amount of particulates in the air. So we have this problem that is going on and on and on. 
Now, as industry and the industry- 
bought Republicans fight tooth and nail against any effort to reduce de-pendence on fossil fuels, they are not just condemning future generations to a world battered by increasing extreme and erratic weather patterns—we are seeing them all over the world. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. TONKO. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. They are really 
betraying a generation of Americans who are already reeling from the im-pact of all of this. Coal miners and the communities they live in are bearing the brunt of this irresponsible action by the coal owners. 
We had the same thing in Wash-
ington State with the forests. People said, ‘‘You have to keep cutting trees. Cut every tree you can see that is standing anywhere.’’ And we said, ‘‘If you do that, you destroy the environ-ment.’’ So we stopped, and we helped the loggers find another way to make a living, and they are doing just fine. 
Now, if we keep this up and keep re-
sisting and keep exposing the Amer-ican public, both in the mines and in the cities, to this kind of environment, we are going to pay for it. It is like that FRAM commercial 
when I was a kid. The FRAM commer-cial was you either clean your air filter on your car now or you are going to pay me later by having to have the motor redone. 
That is what this is about. We are 
talking about a President who says, let’s put some new FRAM filters in here and see if we can’t cut down the pollution and save both the people and the economy. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the distin-
guished majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Kentucky for yielding and for bringing this legis-lation to the floor. 
I rise in strong support of S.J. Res. 
24. 
Mr. Speaker, what we are talking 
about is rejecting this radical plan by President Obama’s EPA that is going to actually impact every power plant in this country. 
The President has a war on coal. He 
declared a war on coal years ago, and we are seeing the results of it. The re-sults of it here in America are thou-sands of good jobs lost, thousands of middle class families that are now un-employed and trying to fight to get back in the middle class. And even more than that, Mr. Speaker, what you see is millions of people across this country paying more for electricity costs because of these regulations. 
So what is President Obama’s an-
swer? It is to go to Paris and say that the biggest threat to national security is global warming. For goodness’ sake, doesn’t he see what is going on across the world? 
We are here focusing on national se-
curity, Mr. Speaker. We are also focus-ing on energy security, and we are standing up against a radical regula-tion that is going to increase costs on the most needy in this country. 
When you look at the impact, this 
proposal by President Obama’s EPA would have a $29-billion-per-year cost on middle class families. The people that are going to be hit the hardest are low-income families, Mr. Speaker. In Louisiana alone, nearly 1 million mid-dle-and low-income families will be hit by this radical regulation. 
At Christmas season, I think families 
would much rather be spending their hard-earned dollars going and buying Christmas presents for their families instead of seeing a 13-percent increase in their utility bills for a regulation that is not going to do anything to clean the air. 
We are already seeing a reduction in 
carbon emissions because of the Amer-ican innovation. When some of these European countries signed Kyoto and some of these other accords that are wrecking their economies, we didn’t do it. Because we are actually doing bet-ter than them without signing an ac-cord because we used great American innovation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.056 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8833 December 1, 2015 
And, instead, the President wants to 
come behind and bring a regulation that is going to strangle small busi-nesses, it is going to strangle families, and it is going to increase electricity costs on those that can least afford to pay it. 
Again, let them keep the money in 
their own pockets. Let’s innovate, let’s create jobs in this economy, not use radical regulations to strangle our economy and our middle class. Let’s pass this resolution. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent to yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), our distin-
guished ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, who has led a fight for carbon emission and climate change on behalf of the Democrats in the House, and that he may control that time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
b1615 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank 
the chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleague Congress-
man M CDERMOTT pointed to this pic-
ture in today’s edition of The Wash-ington Post. This is during the day-light. It is outside. It is in China. 
I have been over there about four 
times, and I can relate to this picture in case nobody has been over there. Anybody who has been over there knows how the environment, the air quality, and people’s health are im-pacted by the lack of regulations that have existed over in China. They have an acute air pollution problem. 
The fact is we don’t have air pollu-
tion like that here in America because we have had regulations promulgated by agencies like the EPA, particularly the EPA, that have resulted in, yes, some increased costs to Americans, but the result of that cost is air quality that does not look like this. 
This is worth paying for, and the peo-
ple will continue to pay. We will con-tinue to pay. I mean, life is not free. It is true, though, that, with companies making so much money these days due to the misbalance in the economy, peo-ple are being squeezed. 
I hate to ask people to pay more, but 
I myself cannot live just based on the price that businesses have to pay to make sure that they are not polluting our environment. They should pay, and we have to pay our fair share, too. 
The question is: Are we going to be 
able to save our planet from countries that don’t have regulations? 
We are going in the opposite direc-
tion here. We are talking about doing away with the EPA. Why is it that the first thing my friends on the other side of the aisle and all of their Presidential candidates talk about is getting rid of the EPA? There is a reason for that. The reason 
is that they want to protect the ability of polluters to just pollute at will and to continue to make all of the money at the expense of people’s health, with our paying them exorbitant amounts for the energy that they are creating. 
When are we going to do something 
about this? If not now, then when? If it is not America that is leading, then who? 
They talk about President Obama 
going to Paris. There are 185 nations being represented in Paris that are working on this problem, which is a profound problem not just for America, but for the world. We all live in this same ship together, and we have got to take care of it. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I will reiterate and make sure that 
everyone understands that S.J. Res. 24 does not eliminate the EPA. It refers only to the President’s existing coal plant rule. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ), who has been very involved 
in this issue in his career in Congress. 
Mr. WOMACK. I thank the distin-
guished gentleman from Kentucky for his leadership on the issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of S.J. Res. 24 and to echo the senti-ments of my colleagues. 
There is no question that we are all 
searching for a brighter future for gen-erations to come. We disagree, how-ever, on how to get there and, in this case, on the effects that our decisions could have on the environment and on the American family in the process. 
Frankly, the EPA’s Clean Power 
Plan will result in little to no environ-mental benefit at the expense of thou-sands of jobs and countless dollars and hours spent on compliance, all for the sake of an unrelenting government agency’s agenda and the desired envi-ronmental legacy of this administra-tion. It is as simple as that. 
Not only will the Clean Power Plan 
fail to achieve the results intended, but the administration’s very authority to implement it is questionable at best. The letter of the law itself denies the EPA this authority to regulate power plants under section 111(d), something specifically cited under section 112. Twenty-seven States’ attorneys gen-eral, including our very own Leslie Rutledge in Arkansas, agree and have filed suit in response. 
The Constitution clearly states that 
legislative powers are vested in the Congress. The Clean Power Plan is a clear attempt to take policymaking out of the hands of Congress. That is unacceptable. President Obama’s never-ending regulatory overreach has to be stopped. 
If the EPA will not halt, Congress 
must act to prevent this egregious power grab. This resolution will stop the EPA in its tracks and return the power to where it rightfully exists. Maybe then we can all get back to this 
Nation’s historic, all-of-the-above en-ergy policy. 
Mr. Speaker, if we want to leave our 
successors a better future, supporting the two resolutions that have been de-bated here on the floor today is a real-ly good first step. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire as to the time that remains on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has 10
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from 
Kentucky has 161⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of both joint resolutions, which will block the Obama adminis-tration’s so-called Clean Power Plan, a regulation, I will add, that was never authorized by Congress, that will hurt our economy, lower our standard of liv-ing, and have absolutely no impact on the climate. 
Mr. Speaker, I often say the things 
that make America great are the things that America makes. Now, how do we do that? We do that with an af-fordable, dependable, reliable energy supply. 
According to the Electric Reliability 
Council of Texas, which operates my State’s electric grid, energy costs would increase protections by up to 16 percent due to this Clean Power Plan. This will have a disproportionate im-pact on the poor and on those on fixed incomes. Sadly, most of those folks don’t even see it coming. 
According to testimony we heard 
today, Mr. Speaker, in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the Clean Power Plan will reduce global temperatures by just .023 degrees Fahr-enheit by the year 2100. 
Furthermore, the EPA’s claimed pub-
lic health benefits from this regulation are due solely to reductions in air pol-lutants that are already regulated by the Agency under existing standards. The reduction of carbon dioxide on its own has no public health benefits. 
I mentioned that the things that 
make America great are the way that we have a reliable, affordable power supply. I guess we could say that the EPA stands for an ‘‘energy and power assault.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the facts are clear. This 
regulation will hurt our economy, and it will have none of the stated benefits the administration claims. I often say that the EPA seems to stand for ‘‘even-tually paralyzing America.’’ 
We must adopt these resolutions of 
disapproval and hold this administra-tion accountable for its regulatory as-sault on our economy and on our low- income families. That is how I see it here in America. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.057 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8834 December 1, 2015 
I have heard my Republican col-
leagues say over and over again that the President’s Clean Power Plan won’t have any impact on air quality and that it won’t do anything to improve the environment. Nothing could be fur-ther from the truth. 
The rule that we are discussing in 
this joint resolution and that the joint resolution would seek to disapprove es-tablishes State-by-State targets for lowering carbon emissions. When it is implemented, the rule will reduce emissions from the power sector by 32 percent over the next 15 years as com-pared to emissions in 2005. 
The final rule has public health and 
other benefits of up to $54 billion per year by 2030, and this includes thou-sands of fewer premature deaths from air pollution and tens of thousands of fewer childhood asthma attacks each year—emphasizing again, thousands of fewer premature deaths from air pollu-tion and tens of thousands of fewer childhood asthma attacks each year. 
I keep hearing from my GOP col-
leagues about the costs. What are the costs to society of air pollution and of people suffering from asthma and of premature deaths and of hospitaliza-tions and of all of the costs? None of these things are calculated by the Re-publicans in their speeches. They just assume that somehow none of this matters. 
Some of my Democratic colleagues 
have said over and over again that this is sort of a wasted debate because we know that the President has said he is going to veto the bill and that there wouldn’t be enough votes in the House or in the Senate to overcome the Presi-dent’s veto. 
The theme that you are getting from 
the Republicans is somehow a clean en-vironment and a good economy don’t go together. In fact, the opposite is true. 
The fact of the matter is that, ever 
since the Clean Air Act was imple-mented years ago, we have seen reduc-tions in air pollution. We have seen people’s lives saved. We have seen fewer people suffer from asthma at-tacks and the other consequences of pollution. At the same time, the econ-omy has improved. 
In the Statement of Administration 
Policy, in which the President says that he will veto this resolution, he specifically says that, since it was en-acted in 1970 and amended in 1977 and 1990, each time with strong bipartisan support, the Clean Air Act has im-proved the Nation’s air quality and has protected public health. 
Over that same period of time, the 
economy has tripled in size while emis-sions of key pollutants have decreased by more than 70 percent. Forty-five years of clean air regulation have shown that a strong economy and strong environmental and public health protections go hand in hand. 
I just keep hearing these negative 
comments from the other side of the aisle. The fact of the matter is, when you reduce air pollution, you eliminate 
the consequences of people having bad health, of dying, of getting sick. 
At the same time, the economy has 
improved because we have come up with alternatives to the awful pollu-tion that has resulted which this Clean Power Plan is designed to thwart. 
Again, I keep hearing my colleagues 
saying all of these things, but the fact of the matter is you can have clean air, 
you can have a good environment, and you can have a good economy and grow jobs. That is exactly what this rule that the President has put forward is designed to achieve. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
Mr. YOHO. I thank my good friend 
from Kentucky for allowing me to speak. 
Mr. Speaker, we are as concerned 
about our environment and jobs and the economy as anybody else is, and there was a point in time when we needed this. We saw those pictures of China with the red glow and where you couldn’t see the bicycle rider. China has got a problem, and they need to ad-dress that. 
We have addressed that in this coun-
try, but it gets to a point at which you cross a line and you can’t squeeze any more out of the rock. Back 40 years ago the mercury coming out of the smoke-stacks of the coal-fired power plants was about 50 pounds of mercury a year. Now it is less than 2 pounds of mercury a year. So how much more can you in-crease that? 
Mr. Speaker, this administration has 
proven that it is no friend to the hard-working American families across our country or to the power-producing companies that supply power to all Americans. 
Instead, this administration is plac-
ing added requirements on our Nation’s energy producers, requirements that will increase costs to all Americans, af-fecting those most who can least afford it. It will increase costs, it will de-crease the grid’s reliability, and it will jeopardize our national security. 
As we speak, nations across the 
world are meeting in Paris to discuss further restrictions on energy pro-ducers. As Americans, we do not bow to foreign pressure or influence. America needs to do what is best for America, especially when it is a foreign country that is putting out more than 50 per-cent of the carbon emitted into the at-mosphere. 
Instead of limiting our energy pro-
duction, which, again, hits hard-working Americans especially at the lower economic scales, why don’t we use all of the resources that America has been blessed with and take a com-monsense approach in making our economy stronger and more competi-tive rather than in crippling it? 
b1630 
The issue is near and dear to my 
heart as a Member from Florida who represents five co-ops in my district, 
and it is what we see. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. YOHO. The EPA’s own report 
says that their new emissions stand-ards will not reduce the CO
2emissions 
or improve air quality or human health, but they are going ahead with it anyway to the detriment of Amer-ican manufacturing jobs and costs to the American taxpayers. 
I stand in strong support of S.J. Res. 
24. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, I listened to the previous 
speaker. House Republicans keep tell-ing us that greenhouse gas emissions are falling in the United States. The previous speaker suggested that the United States doesn’t need to do much more about climate change. That couldn’t be more wrong. 
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions did 
fall in 2008 and 2009 during the eco-nomic recession. Since that time, our overall emissions have grown. Cumula-tively, U.S. emissions grew, not fell, in 2012 and 2013, the two most recent years for which data is available. 
What matters really is whether U.S. 
emissions are on track to decline in the future by the amount needed to pre-vent dangerous climate change. Sci-entists say we need to reduce carbon pollution by 80 percent by 2050 to avoid catastrophic climate change. The EPA already predicts that, without any new policies to control carbon pollution, policies like the Clean Power Plan, the U.S. will only see a 2 percent drop in CO
2emissions by 2040 compared to 2005 
levels. 
So this data highlights the impor-
tance of the Clean Power Plan and the Obama administration’s overall push to cut greenhouse gas emissions. To suggest the United States doesn’t need to do any more, that is just not the case. We need to do a lot more, and that is what the Clean Power Plan is designed to do. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ), a member of the Energy and 
Commerce Committee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of S.J. Res. 23 and 24, resolu-tions that would protect my constitu-ents from egregious EPA overreach. This burdensome regulation is pro-jected to raise electric rates in Florida annually between 11 and 15 percent for over 10 years while providing virtually no environmental benefits. 
The regulations for existing power 
plants, commonly called the Clean Power Plan, could have disastrous con-sequences for the safety, affordability, and reliability of my constituents’ electricity. In my district, there are over 200,000 residents who get their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.059 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8835 December 1, 2015 
electricity from rural electric coopera-
tives, utilities formed during the Great Depression to serve rural, traditionally underserved areas with electricity. 
If the Clean Power Plan continues 
without serious alterations, it has the potential to negatively affect these un-derserved areas the most. The Clean Power Plan could close down power plants in rural areas that provide jobs and economic activity. 
In Florida, the Seminole Electric Co-
operative operates two power plants whose baseload generating units do not meet the emission rate requirements. Their Seminole generating station em-ploys over 300 individuals. If the EPA forces the plant to close prematurely, these jobs are at risk, and rural elec-tric cooperative members, like my con-stituents, will still have to pay for the closed plant in their rates through 2042 while also paying for a new electricity source. 
The Congressional Review Act was 
created for a reason: to give this body the authority to check the executive branch when it oversteps its bounds and enacts policy against the will of the people. 
I urge my colleagues to support these 
resolutions, both of them, to protect my constituents from needless rate in-creases and to protect the powers of this institution. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. May I inquire as to 
the time remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 10 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from New Jersey has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of S.J. Res. 24, which expresses Congress’ dis-approval of the EPA’s carbon emission rule for existing power plants. The ad-ministration’s unprecedented rule would inhibit our ability to produce af-fordable and reliable electricity. 
A robust energy supply is essential to 
national security, public health, and the economy, yet the administration continues to wage war on the source of 85 percent of America’s energy. Until our energy infrastructure can support widespread use of alternate energy sources, we cannot arbitrarily force the closure of plants that are keeping lights on for millions of Americans. 
Implementing this rule would result 
in the loss of over 125,000 jobs, as well as significantly higher electric bills in 48 States. Forty of these States would see double-digit electricity price in-creases. 
Our Nation is still in a period of eco-
nomic recovery. Low- and middle-in-come American families already spend 17 percent of their household budget on electric bills. These families cannot af-ford to have another costly mandate forced upon them. 
Our economy cannot recover, much 
less compete on a global level, with this many jobs lost. This resolution 
would prevent this rule from having any effect and would prohibit the EPA from reissuing this rule in a similar form. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill so we can assure Americans are not disadvantaged by another costly regu-lation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In closing, I just want to comment on 
two issues that keep coming up on the Republican side. One is this notion, which I think the GOP Whip S
CALISE  
talked about, of the President’s war on coal. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
I agree that the transition away from 
coal is contributing to job losses in the coal industry, but setting aside these rules will not alter this trend. There are too many other changes occurring in the power sector that are impacting these workers. 
Technologies—including distributed 
generation, smart grid, energy storage, energy efficiency, microgrids, and com-bined heat and power systems—are ma-turing and being incorporated at a fast-er pace. In some areas, they call into question the old grid model that was dominated by large, centralized gen-eration. 
Concern for these displaced energy 
workers should be motivating us to do something to help these people and their communities to transition to other good-paying jobs in new indus-tries. Setting aside this rule is not going to replace the job security that they had in the past. 
Instead of wasting time trying to 
hold back progress and ignore climate change, we should be working together to address this challenge. This rule moves us forward, and it represents our Nation’s commitment to addressing a serious global problem that we helped to create. 
I constantly hear this about job 
losses. The fact is that job losses are occurring regardless of anything that the Clean Power Plan would do. In-stead of saying job losses, the Repub-licans should be thinking about ways of trying to help these workers. 
The other thing I would mention is I 
kept hearing from the other side this whole notion that electricity rates, prices, and bills are going to go up. 
I include in the R
ECORD a letter from 
Public Citizen and a number of other consumers groups. PUBLIC CITIZEN —CENTER FOR AC-
CESSIBLE TECHNOLOGY —CITIZENS  
ACTION COALITION —CITIZENS COA-
LITION —CONSUMERS UNION—EN-
ERGY COORDINATING AGENCY OF  
PHILADELPHIA —FRIENDSHIP FOUN-
DATION —GREENLINING INSTITUTE — 
LOW-INCOME ENERGY AFFORD -
ABILITY NETWORK —NATIONAL CON-
SUMER LAWCENTER —NW E NERGY  
COALITION —NUCLEAR INFORMA -
TION AND RESOURCE SERVICE — 
OHIOPARTNERS FOR AFFORDABLE  
ENERGY —PUBLIC UTILITY LAW 
PROJECT OF NEWYORK—TURN 
THEUTILITY REFORM NETWORK — 
VERMONT ENERGY INVESTMENT  
CORPORATION —VIRGINIA CITIZENS  
CONSUMER COUNCIL —WA S TATE  
COMMUNITY ACTION PARTNER -
SHIP—A W ORLD INSTITUTE FOR A  
SUSTAINABLE HUMANITY (A 
W.I.S.H), 
November 24, 2015. 
RE: Consumer Groups Oppose S.J. Res. 23 
and S.J. Res. 24. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : We urge you to op-
pose S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24. These reso-lutions would effectively repeal the EPA Clean Power Plan, which curbs carbon pollu-tion from power plants. Opponents of the Clean Power Plan often argue that they are protecting consumers, but they are mis-taken. The Clean Power Plan is good for con-sumers because it will mitigate climate change and can lower household electricity costs. 
The Clean Power Plan will benefit con-
sumers. Climate change poses a severe threat to American consumers and in particular to vulnerable populations. A few of the most sa-lient risks include: higher taxes and market prices to cover the costs of widespread dam-age to property and infrastructure from ex-treme weather; diminished quality and high-er prices for food and water, heightening food insecurity for America’s most vulner-able populations; and increased illness and 
disease from extreme heat events, reduced air quality, increased food-borne, water- borne, and insect-borne pathogens. 
By curbing carbon pollution, the Clean 
Power Plan will benefit consumers by miti-gating these harms. 
The Clean Power Plan should lower con-
sumer electricity bills. The Clean Power Plan is likely to lower consumer costs, not raise them, because it will spur improve-ments in energy efficiency. Although elec-tricity prices may rise modestly under the Plan, consumers will use less electricity. This should result in lower bills overall. The EPA projects that the rule will lower con-sumer bills by 7.0 to 7.7 percent by 2030. A Public Citizen analysis of the proposed rule found that the EPA’s projection of bill re-ductions was conservative because it over-estimated the cost of efficiency programs and underestimated how much progress the states can make on efficiency. These points remain valid with respect to the final rule, for which the EPA’s analysis is similar. Con-sumer costs are likely to decline by more than the agency projects. 
We strongly encourage members to support 
the Clean Power Plan and to oppose the reso-lutions disapproving it. Thank you for con-sidering our views, and please feel free to contact David Arkush for further informa-tion at darkush@citizen.org or (202) 454–5132. 
Sincerely, 
David Arkush, Managing Director; Pub-
lic Citizen’s Climate Program; Dmitri Belser, Executive Director; Center for Accessible Technology; Kerwin Olson, Executive Director; Citizens Action Co-alition; Joseph Patrick Meissner, Legal Counsel; Citizens Coalition; Friendship 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.060 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8836 December 1, 2015 
Foundation; Shannon Baker- 
Branstetter, Policy Counsel, Energy and Environment; Consumers Union; Liz Robinson, Executive Director; En-ergy Coordinating Agency of Philadel-phia; Stephanie Chen, Energy and Tele-communications Policy Director; The Greenlining Institute; Elliott Jacobson, Chair; Low-Income Energy Affordability Network; Charlie Harak, Attorney; National Consumer Law Cen-ter, on behalf of its low-income clients; Michael Mariotte, President; Nuclear Information and Resource Service; Wendy Gerlitz, Policy Director; NW Energy Coalition; David C. Rinebolt, Executive Director and Counsel; Ohio Partners for Affordable Energy; Rich-ard A. Berkley, Esq., Executive Direc-tor; Public Utility Law Project of New York; Mark W. Toney, Ph.D., Execu-tive Director; TURN—The Utility Re-form Network; Beth Sachs, Founder; Vermont Energy Investment Corpora-tion; Irene E. Leech, President; Vir-ginia Citizens Consumer Council; Mer-ritt Mount, Executive Director; WA State Community Action Partnership; Michael Karp, President & CEO; A World Institute for a Sustainable Hu-manity (A W.I.S.H). 
Mr. PALLONE. I would like to just 
read some sections from the letter. The letter is from Public Citizen and a number of other consumers groups. 
They say in the letter that ‘‘the 
Clean Power Plan will benefit con-sumers. Climate change poses a severe threat to American consumers and in particular to vulnerable populations . . . The Clean Power Plan should lower consumer electricity bills. The Clean Power Plan is likely to lower consumer costs, not raise them, be-cause it will spur improvements in en-ergy efficiency. Although electricity prices may rise modestly under the Plan, consumers will use less elec-tricity. This should result in lower bills overall. The EPA projects that the rule will lower consumer bills by 7.0 to 7.7 percent by 2030. A Public Citizen analysis of the proposed rule found that the EPA’s projection of bill reduc-tions was conservative because it over-estimated the cost of efficiency pro-grams and underestimated how much progress the states can make on effi-ciency. These points remain valid with respect to the final rule, for which the EPA’s analysis is similar. Consumers costs are likely to decline by more than the agency projects.’’ 
Again, we keep hearing from the 
other side of the aisle, oh, electricity bills are going to go up. They are not. They are going to go down. We keep hearing we are going to lose jobs. Well, a lot of those jobs are going to be lost anyway because of the change in the types of generation of electricity. We should be thinking of ways to try to deal with that rather than saying that somehow we are going to stop it, be-cause we are not going to be able to. 
I also want to say that I heard the 
national security argument. We had, in the Energy and Commerce Committee, a minority hearing a couple of months ago at Annapolis. One of the reasons we went there is we know that our military is seriously concerned about 
the impacts of climate change and sea level rise. When we were there, the su-perintendent of the Naval Academy was talking about hundreds of millions of dollars that were being spent just at Annapolis to deal with sea level rise at the academy and went on to talk about the impact of climate change on naval operations and so many other things. 
Again, I don’t want to emphasize the 
impact on our national security, but it is there. To suggest that somehow there is no impact is simply not true. Climate change is very much in the minds of the admirals and the generals at the Pentagon. They are very worried about the impact and what it is going to mean in terms of our national secu-rity and what we have to do to address those concerns over the next few years. 
The main thing I wanted to stress, 
Mr. Speaker, if I could, is that this rule that the Republicans are trying to get rid of provides States with a lot of flexibility to find the best path forward to meet their emission reduction goals. In fact, many States are already imple-menting policies that are consistent with these regulations. 
The fact of the matter is that the 
EPA spent several years talking to States, talking to stakeholders, and talking to consumers. They have not put together some kind of straight-jacket here that says that the States have to implement these reductions in carbon emissions in a certain way. They are giving States a tremendous amount of flexibility. They had a lot of public hearings. They had millions of people who commented on the rule. 
Somehow, when you listen to my col-
leagues here today, they suggest that this rule came out of nowhere without considering all of the economic im-pacts, without considering the costs. None of that is true. In fact, there were a lot of discussions about the costs and about the economic impact. 
The bottom line is that there is every 
reason to believe that this rule will im-prove the public health, will improve the lives of Americans in terms of the negative impact that air pollution has on their health, and, in the long run, will improve the economy and lower costs for the consumer. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I certainly want to thank Mr. P
AL-
LONE and the great job he does as rank-
ing member of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. I am delighted that we have the opportunity to come to the House floor to debate things like S.J. Res. 24. 
The Congressional Review Act is an 
instrument that is available to Con-gress to try to stop the President when we believe that the President has ex-ceeded his legal authority, and that is precisely why we are here today on S.J. Res. 23 as well as S.J. Res. 24. We be-lieve the President has exceeded his legal authority. Now, the President in 2013 went to 
Georgetown University and gave a speech on climate change, and he set out his clean energy plan. I might say that he never consulted with Congress. He never talked to Congress. He never asked for any input from Congress on this issue. That is his prerogative. But the EPA took him at his word, and then they started the process of adopt-ing these final regulations. 
b1645 
We have already talked about the 
regulation relating to new coal power plants so that America finds itself to be one of the only countries in the world today where you cannot build a new plant. 
But right now we are talking about 
the regulation on existing plants. The reason we have such concern about it is that, first of all, EPA’s own legal team, their lawyers, reversed 20 years of legal opinion when they said that they could regulate under 111(d) of the Clean Air Act. Prior to that, they had always made the decision that, on this type of scale, they could not do it under 111(d). 
I might also add that Professor Larry 
Tribe of Harvard Law School, who taught Barack Obama while Barack Obama was a student at Harvard, came to Congress and testified on this clean energy plan that, in his view, it was like tearing up the Constitution. In other words, the President exceeded his legal authority. In other words, it was a power grab. 
Now, some people say, well, the end 
justifies the means. There are a lot of people who feel that way. But we are still a nation of laws. We believe—and not only we believe—every time the EPA has testified about this existing coal plant rule, they have stressed how they have met with the States, they give the States maximum flexibility to try to address this regulation. If that is the case, why have 27 States already filed lawsuits against the EPA and a multitude of other entities as well? 
This is even a violation of the Fed-
eral Power Act because States, gen-erally speaking, have jurisdiction over electric generation and intrastate dis-tribution. But under this regulation of existing coal plants, EPA will have that authority. 
Guess what. Normally, when EPA has 
a major rule like this, they will give the States 3 years to come up with their State implementation plan. But, in this instance, the rule came out and was finalized in September or October of this year. The States have until Sep-tember, basically 1 year, to come up with a State implementation plan. 
They wanted to finalize this rule so 
that the President could go and tell the world leaders in France that America was doing more than anyone else, and we already were doing more than any-one else. 
With all due great respect to every-
one, whether you agree with our posi-tion or not, we have the right to ex-press that view. We decided explicitly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.047 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8837 December 1, 2015 
to bring these resolutions to the floor 
as the climate change conference is taking place in Paris because we want the world to know that there are dif-ferences of opinion between the Con-gress and the President on this issue and on his clean energy plan. 
I would respectfully ask every Mem-
ber of Congress to vote for this resolu-tion. As we said earlier, the U.S. Sen-ate has already passed both of these resolutions because they are concerned about the President exceeding his legal authority, his power grab, his extreme plan. Even Democrats in the Senate supported these resolutions. 
That is all we are trying to do today. 
We are not debating climate change. We are not debating the science of cli-mate change. But we are debating the President’s view on the way you ad-dress it and the fact that he is jeopard-izing America because he is making us jump through more severe obstacles and hoops than any other country is being asked to do. That is why we are here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the previous 
question is ordered on the joint resolu-tion. 
The question is on third reading of 
the joint resolution. 
The joint resolution was ordered to 
be read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the joint resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the passage of S.J. Res. 24 will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of S.J. Res. 23. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 180, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 650] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Graves (GA) 
Herrera Beutler Kirkpatrick Ruppersberger Rush 
Sewell (AL) Slaughter Stewart Stutzman 
Takai Williams 
b1716 
Mr. HANNA changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. MEEHAN changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency re-lating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the joint resolution. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 188, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 651] 
YEAS—235 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.062 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8838 December 1, 2015 
Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—188 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Cramer Herrera Beutler Kirkpatrick Ruppersberger Rush 
Sewell (AL) Slaughter Stutzman Takai 
Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1724 
Mr. KATKO changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE 
ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITA-TION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to clause 1, rule XXII, and by direction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I have a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Brady of Texas moves to take from the 
Speaker’s table the bill H.R. 644, with the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, insist on the House amendment, and agree to the conference requested by the Senate. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, is this 
motion, which makes changes in the fast-track procedures that the House voted on earlier in the year, debatable? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair was about to recognize the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) for 1 
hour of debate. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
further parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, is that 
time divided equally, as is normally done on proposals under our rules? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is de-
batable under the hour rule. 
Mr. DOGGETT. So it can be debated 
without yielding any time to those of us who are opposed to this motion under the rules of the House? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) will be 
recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Further parliamen-
tary inquiry, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Under the new, open, 
inclusive policies that Speaker R
YAN 
has announced, when was notice of this conference report coming up for a vote tonight first provided to all the Mem-bers of the House? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has not presented a valid par-liamentary inquiry. The Chair will not respond to matters of scheduling. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Well, wasn’t it about 
30 minutes ago? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) is rec-
ognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
we need to go to conference and move the Customs bill forward. We will have a motion to instruct and a full hour of debate later this evening. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the motion. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 252, noes 170, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 652] 
AYES—252 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.048 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8839 December 1, 2015 
Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—170 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Posey Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Black 
Fortenberry Herrera Beutler Kirkpatrick Ruppersberger 
Rush Sewell (AL) Slaughter Stutzman 
Takai Williams 
b1748 
Mr. BEYER changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the motion was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing the votes held on December 1st, 2015, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Passage of S.J. Res. 24 and ‘‘no’’ on S.J. Res. 23. Also, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the Motion to go to Conference on H.R. 644. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not able to vote today for medical reasons. 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 646, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 647, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 648, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 649, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 650, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 651, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 652, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF THE CON-FERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–359) on the resolution (H. Res. 542) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st cen-tury energy and manufacturing work-force, bolster America’s energy secu-rity and diplomacy, and promote en-ergy efficiency and government ac-countability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the 
bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECU-
RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill, H.R. 8. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
LLEN ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 539 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 8. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1751 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 8), to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufac-turing workforce, bolster America’s en-ergy security and diplomacy, and pro-mote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, with Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia in 
the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
General debate shall not exceed 1 
hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
U
PTON ) and the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, today we commence 
debate on H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. This bill culminates a multiyear, multi-Congress effort to en-sure that folks in Michigan and every corner of the country have access to af-fordable and reliable energy. It has been nearly a decade since we last con-sidered a broad energy package and a lot—a lot—has changed. 
Back then, the energy situation 
looked downright dire: declining do-mestic oil and natural gas output, in-creasing reliance on imports, and en-ergy prices that seemed like they had nowhere to go but up. Remember 7 years ago they were $3.84 a gallon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\H01DE5.REC H01DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8840 December 1, 2015 
Manufacturers were leaving and fleeing 
overseas in pursuit of cheaper energy. 
But thankfully, because of break-
through innovation, a little American ingenuity, and a lot of hard work, we 
are now experiencing game-changing energy abundance that has, in fact, re-defined America’s standing at home, as well as around the globe. Now Michi-gan and many parts of the country are enjoying a welcome manufacturing renaissance thanks to reliable and af-fordable energy. It is well past time that our laws rooted in energy scarcity caught up to our newfound 21st century reality. 
The first order of business is to allow 
the private sector to expand the Na-tion’s energy infrastructure. The Key-stone XL pipeline is certainly one of the most well-known examples of en-ergy infrastructure projects being de-layed and ultimately denied, but it is far from the only one. 
We have a Federal permitting process 
that is not designed to expeditiously handle the many projects necessary to bring online the Nation’s growing en-ergy output and to meet energy needs of homeowners and businesses. How can it be that in this century we can’t get energy to consumers in some parts of the country? We need to fix that problem. This bill does that. 
H.R. 8 has several useful provisions 
to make the approval process more timely for projects such as interstate natural gas pipelines, LNG export fa-cilities, and new hydropower, which we discussed during a hearing with the FERC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, just today. And I would add that these streamlining provisions were done so in a manner that keeps the environmental and safety protec-tions intact. 
Perhaps the biggest changes brought 
on by our energy abundance are geo-political. Where we once feared rising dependence on the likes of OPEC, now we can, in fact, control our energy des-tiny and use our new standing as an en-ergy superpower to help our allies and friends around the world and engage in energy diplomacy. However, this is a new role for the U.S., and we don’t have in place the means to act globally on energy policy yet. This bill changes that. 
Using the Department of Energy’s 
Quadrennial Energy Review as a guide, this bill begins the process of incor-porating energy security and diplo-macy considerations into the decision-making process. It also creates forums through which we can coordinate with our North American neighbors, as well as our allies and trading partners around the world, on energy policy. 
Unfortunately, the energy news over 
the last decade hasn’t been all that good. Cyber threats and electro-magnetic pulses pose a growing and more sophisticated risk to the Nation’s electricity system. We need new meas-ures to better address these and other threats to the grid, and this bill, H.R. 8, has a number of important provi-sions. I would add that while our energy 
abundance is a real blessing, it does not in any way reduce the importance of energy efficiency. H.R. 8 again in-cludes a number of updates to energy efficiency policy, including measures to help the Federal Government use en-ergy more wisely, as well as improve-ments to existing energy efficiency programs that have proven problem-atic. 
A decade ago, no one, no one here, 
could have imagined where we would be in 2015 and how much the energy script would be flipped in our favor. It is a new day, but now that we are here, it is time to bring our energy policy in line with those new realities. It is time that we put the scarcity mindset in the rearview mirror and say yes to energy and yes to jobs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , 
Washington, DC, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 
8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. This bill contains provisions under the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
I recognize and appreciate your desire to 
bring this bill before the House of Represent-atives in an expeditious manner, and accord-ingly, I will agree that the Committee on Natural Resources will not seek a referral of the bill. I do so with the understanding that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, and that the Committee expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House- Senate conference that may be convened on this, or any similar legislation. I ask that you support any such request. 
Finally, I also ask that a copy of this let-
ter and your response be inserted in the Con-gressional Record during consideration of H.R. 8 on the House floor. 
Thank you for your work on this bill, and 
for your cooperation and consideration on this and many other matters shared by our committees. I look forward to H.R. 8’s enact-ment. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, 
Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. R OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 
8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. As you noted, this bill contains provisions under the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
I appreciate your willingness to agree that 
the Committee on Natural Resources be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill. I agree that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, and that the Committee expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference that may be convened on this, or any similar legislation. I will support any such request. Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 8 on the House floor. 
Thank you for your work and cooperation 
on H.R. 8. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs regarding H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. As a result of those consultations and text edits related to the role that the For-
eign Affairs Committee and the Department of State play in energy diplomacy, I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further consideration of that bill, so that it may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. 
I am writing to confirm our mutual under-
standing that, by forgoing consideration of H.R. 8, the Foreign Affairs Committee does not waive jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this, or any other, legisla-tion. I also would appreciate your support for a request by the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee for an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this bill, should one occur. 
I ask that a copy of our exchange of letters 
on this matter be included in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 8. Thank you again for your collabo-rative leadership on this important legisla-tion. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, November 20, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for 
your assistance regarding H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastruc-ture Act of 2015. 
I appreciate your willingness to discharge 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 8 so that it can proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not waive jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or any other legis-lation. In addition, I agree to support a re-quest by the Committee on Foreign Affairs for an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this bill. 
I will place a copy of our exchange of let-
ters on this matter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 8. 
Thank you for your work and cooperation 
on H.R. 8. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, November 19, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.070 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8841 December 1, 2015 
and Infrastructure Act of 2015. As you know, 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce re-ceived an original referral and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was intro-duced on September 16, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego committee action on the bill. 
The Committee takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 8 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this or similar legislation. Specifically, the Oversight Committee’s ju-risdiction is primarily triggered by provi-sions in the bill related to 5 U.S.C. 552, known as the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). I appreciate that our committees have had fruitful discussions regarding these provisions and have come to an agreement related to section 4122 of the reported bill. Negotiations regarding sections 1104, 1105, and 1106, the application of FOIA as it re-lates to critical electric infrastructure secu-rity, the Strategic Transformer Reserve and Cyber Sense, are currently ongoing. I have full confidence that our committees will ar-rive at a mutually agreeable compromise, which respects the Oversight Committee’s interest in narrowing FOIA exemptions, prior to floor consideration of the bill. 
I request your support for the appointment 
of conferees from the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference convened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Energy and Commerce, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our un-derstanding 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, December 1, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : Thank you for 
your assistance regarding H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastruc-ture Act of 2015. I appreciate your willing-ness to forego action on the bill in the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
I agree that by foregoing consideration of 
H.R. 8 at this time, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this or similar legislation. I am confident that our committees will ar-rive at a mutually agreeable compromise on the ongoing negotiations between our com-mittees prior to floor consideration of the bill. 
I will support your request for the appoint-
ment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference convened on this or related legislation. In addition, I will include a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record dur-
ing floor consideration of H.R. 8 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , 
Washington, DC, November 24, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, as ordered re-ported by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. There are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
In order to expedite this legislation for 
Floor consideration, the Committee will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House Floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, November 24, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for 
your letter concerning H.R. 8, North Amer-ican Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, as ordered reported by the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. As you noted, there are certain provision in the leg-islation that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
I appreciate your willingness to forgo ac-
tion on this bill in order to expedite this leg-islation for Floor consideration. I agree that forgoing consideration of the bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. In addition, I will support your request for the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee named to consider such provisions. 
I will place a copy of your letter and this 
response into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House Floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, December 1, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON  
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 8, the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee reported on Novem-ber 19, 2015. 
H.R. 8 contains provisions within the Com-
mittee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your hav-ing consulted with the Committee and in 
order to expedite this bill for floor consider-ation, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, December 1, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your 
letter concerning H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
As you noted, H.R. 8 contains provisions 
within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. I ap-preciate your willingness to forego action on the bill in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration. I agree that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I will place a copy of your letter and this 
response into the Congressional during the Floor consideration of this bill. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, when Chairman U PTON  
and I first talked about energy legisla-tion, I was encouraged that we would be working together to develop a con-sensus, bipartisan bill. In the tradition of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, that is what we started to do, spending months negotiating over lan-guage and finally reporting a bill from subcommittee on a voice vote in July. That bill was modest but bipartisan and was the result of good faith co-operation. 
Unfortunately, that effort fell apart. 
H.R. 8 is not a bipartisan consensus bill. Instead, the House is taking up a backward-looking piece of energy legis-lation at a time when we need to move forward. H.R. 8 undermines the progress we have made in deploying the sustainable clean energy economy of the future. 
Although the title for H.R. 8 suggests 
we are authorizing improvements in energy infrastructure, the bill provides no funding or initiatives to address some of the significant energy infra-structure issues we are facing. 
Meanwhile, the bill has only gotten 
worse since it left the committee. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.057 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8842 December 1, 2015 
was in Upton’s manager’s amendment 
that strips out the few good provisions that remained from the committee markup. This so-called energy bill now does nothing for solar, wind, or any other clean energy technology. 
On top of that, the Republicans de-
leted a whole title of the bill written primarily by the subcommittee rank-ing member, B
OBBY RUSH, the 21st Cen-
tury Workforce Initiative. That title created a new program at DOE to help minorities, women, and veterans find work and build careers in the energy industry. This was something that Re-publicans praised throughout the com-mittee process. In fact, the Energy Subcommittee chairman even praised the title last night during testimony before the Rules Committee. Yet, Mr. Chairman, the bill before us doesn’t have that provision. 
What does that say about Repub-
licans’ so-called commitment to ex-panding job opportunities in the energy sector for minorities, women, and those who served our country? Unfortu-nately, it says all too much, and none of it is good. 
b1800 
H.R. 8 has one central theme binding 
its titles: an unerring devotion to the energy of the past. Provision after pro-vision favors an energy policy that is dominated by fossil fuels and unneces-sary energy use. It is the Republican Party’s 19th-century vision for the fu-ture of U.S. energy policy in the 21st century. 
Needless to say, the administration 
opposes this bill. If it reaches the President’s desk, it will be vetoed. I, too, oppose H.R. 8, and I urge my col-leagues to reject this attempt to roll back progress in energy efficiency and clean energy. 
I have to say I don’t usually pay 
much attention to comments that come from the media, but I was actu-ally asked a couple of minutes ago to comment on the fact that some of the Republicans have said that this bill is actually something they can take to the Paris conference and talk about in a positive way. Nothing could be fur-ther from the truth. 
The Paris conference is seeking to 
address climate change and is seeking to move us towards less reliance on greenhouse gases, less reliance on fossil fuels, and more on renewables. Nothing in this bill accomplishes that goal, and it is hard for me to believe that my col-leagues on the Republican side could even suggest that, somehow, this is something that they would want to bring up or talk about at the Paris con-ference. 
Again, I can’t say anything positive 
about this bill, and it is unfortunate that we have gotten to the point now at which there is no effort, really, to reach any of the Democrats’ concerns. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ), the chairman emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Com-
mittee. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Chairman U PTON for yielding me the 
time. 
I want to commend him for his lead-
ership on this initiative and for getting it to the floor. This has been a long process, and the gentleman is to be commended for going through the reg-ular order of the subcommittee, of the full committee, and now to floor con-sideration. 
I support H.R. 8, as reported out of 
committee and as amended in the man-ager’s amendment that the gentleman presented to the Rules Committee. 
I have requested—and I think it will 
be made in order—an amendment to that bill to include a provision that we passed as a stand-alone bill several months ago, H.R. 702, which would re-peal the current ban on crude oil ex-ports. 
My amendment, if made in order by 
the Rules Committee—and I hope that it will be—takes what the floor passed with amendments—and we had a num-ber of Republican and Democrat amendments that were added dealing with terrorism, national security, and things of this sort. I am asking that the Rules Committee make in order H.R. 702, as amended, and put it on the floor tomorrow as an amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, in the United States, 
we currently produce a little over 9 million barrels of oil per day. That makes us number 3 in the world in terms of daily crude oil production, but we are not allowed to export any of that crude oil. We can export refined products and we do export up to 3 or 4 million barrels per day of refined prod-ucts, but we cannot export crude oil. 
If my amendment is accepted by the 
Rules Committee, made in order, voted on in a positive way by the House, sent to the Senate, and the Senate passes H.R. 8, and it is signed by the Presi-dent, we could then begin to export our crude oil. 
We have the capability to easily 
produce 15 million barrels a day, and some experts say we could go up to 20. That would be a strategic asset vis-a- vis OPEC, vis-a-vis ISIS, vis-a-vis the Russians, in that we could use our oil in the international oil markets. 
It would help our economy, would lit-
erally create hundreds of thousands of jobs, and would, surprisingly, minimize or lower gasoline prices here in the United States because more U.S. oil in the world market would lower the world price, which would lower gaso-line prices at the pump. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate your sup-
port. I ask that the Rules Committee make my bipartisan amendment in order, which is cosponsored by Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. F LORES , 
and Mr. M CCAUL, and that we add it to 
your excellent bill on the floor tomor-row. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman 
from New Jersey for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, there is strong—cer-
tainly bipartisan—consensus that we need to update and modernize our en-ergy infrastructure. Unfortunately, this bill fails to make meaningful ad-vances in this arena. 
It does not advance clean energy. The 
‘‘energy efficiency’’ title would actu-ally be a setback in reducing consump-tion and carbon emissions, and climate change is not addressed at all. When-ever possible, this legislation favors suppliers over consumers, consumption over efficiency, and the fossil fuels over renewable energy. 
Most disappointingly, this bill could 
have been bipartisan. The Senate’s en-ergy bill, while far from perfect, at least acknowledges that we need to in-vest real dollars into upgrading our Na-tion’s energy systems. 
This bill has no shortage of flaws. I 
have offered two amendments to ad-dress some of these shortcomings. The first would reauthorize the Weatheriza-tion Assistance Program and the State Energy Program. These are two exist-ing programs that have operated suc-cessfully for years. 
The Weatherization Assistance Pro-
gram supports State-based programs to improve the energy efficiency of the homes of low-income families. The De-partment of Energy provides grants to the States to deliver these services through local weatherization agencies. 
The Weatherization Assistance Pro-
gram helps those in our communities who do not have the financial resources to make energy efficiency investments on their own: the elderly, the disabled, and other low-income families amongst them who are struggling to make ends meet. 
The second amendment would strike 
section 1101, an unnecessary change to FERC’s natural gas pipeline approval process. Nothing has been done to cast FERC’s role as the lead agency for siting gas pipelines in doubt, but the majority has used this pretense to make it easier for pipeline companies to have projects approved without ex-tensive public consultation, requiring FERC to make a decision within 90 days regardless of the complexity of the application. 
It would also allow for remote sur-
veying instead of on-site inspections. This would allow companies to cir-cumvent property owners’ rights when surveying land. My amendment would strike this section to ensure Federal and State regulators have the time necessary to review any and all appli-cations, but these issues are far from my only concerns with this bill. 
Energy efficiency has a long history 
of bipartisanship, but, sadly, this has not continued in this bill. 
According to the American Council 
for an Energy-Efficient Economy, this bill would actually net cost consumers and cause additional emissions. 
Furthermore, the DOE is prevented 
from providing assistance if it finds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.071 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8843 December 1, 2015 
that a proposed code does not meet a 
payback period of 10 years or less. That is a return on investment that does not jibe with reality where 30-year mort-gages are often the norm. 
The bill repeals a section of the En-
ergy Independence and Security Act which has been used to improve the ef-ficiency of new Federal buildings. 
There was an extensive hydropower 
section included during the full com-mittee markup that was not subject to a hearing despite significantly chang-ing the FERC licensing process. 
It does nothing to address the public 
health and safety hazards created by old, leaky natural gas pipelines. 
It does nothing to assist States’ ef-
forts to upgrade and modernize their electric grids. 
It is silent on the infrastructure 
maintenance issues associated with the Strategic Petroleum Reserve that the administration identified in the Quad-rennial Energy Review. 
It has totally failed to recognize the 
growth in distributed renewable en-ergy, such as wind and solar, and it should come as no surprise that this 
bill ignores the impact of climate change, which remains a major threat to our energy security, our economy, and human health. 
These are just a handful of the seri-
ous issues with this bill. 
I believe all of us started with the in-
tention of continuing the Energy and Commerce Committee’s long tradition of working on comprehensive energy legislation in a bipartisan fashion, but this bill is a far cry from the discussion drafts we actually held hearings on earlier this year. I understand we may not agree on everything, but this legis-lation fails to capitalize on those areas of agreement in any meaningful way. 
This bill’s focus is on the past, not on 
the future. It fails to make the nec-essary investments in our energy infra-structure to improve safety, public health, and reliability. 
It rolls back efforts to improve en-
ergy efficiency, does nothing to encour-age the expansion of renewable energy, and ignores climate change, as I indi-cated, altogether. It promotes a future that is economically and environ-mentally unsustainable. 
I then urge my colleagues to reject 
this bill. We need to go back to the drawing board and craft a bill that ac-tually makes investments and looks forward to America’s energy future. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the chairman of the Nat-
ural Resources Committee. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I thank the 
chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, the United States has 
become a leader in the area of energy production. But if we are going to maintain that leadership and be a true support for our allies, it requires cer-tain actions that Chairman U
PTON and 
his committee have recognized and have presented to us in this North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act. This bill actually contains two provi-
sions that were bipartisan provisions that passed in my Natural Resources Committee, both of which will ensure that the flow of energy to our Nation will be facilitated and will continue on in the future. 
One, by Mr. M
ACARTHUR of New Jer-
sey, illustrates the archaic provisions that will never be used to prohibit and use Federal land as a hindrance to pipeline production even if those pipe-lines are underground and if they are already in established corridors for en-ergy production, especially those going into the northeast of this country. It is an extremely important position and point of view. 
Mr. Z
INKE of Montana and Mr. 
SCHRADER of Oregon also have a bipar-
tisan bill that deals with the Elec-tricity Reliability and Forest Protec-tion Act, which would minimize the po-tential of wildfire risk in the over 100,000 miles of power lines we have going through national forest and Bu-reau of Land Management properties. 
The provisions would require the 
agencies to actually work to come up with constructive policies and to make timely decisions so that the utilities have the ability to take out hazardous elements, like trees, and so that rate-payers are not going to be on the hook for the liability of a freak forest fire that would come because of Federal in-action. 
American energy production has lit-
erally changed in less than a decade. There is no reason Federal lands should blockade any kind of pragmatic ap-proach from having these resources moved from the places they are devel-oped to where people can actually ben-efit from them. 
This bill helps people, and it will 
move our country forward. I appreciate Chairman U
PTON ’s and his committee’s 
leadership. This is an essential one if we are actually going to forge a better future for the United States. I am proud to be down here to support it, and I appreciate adding these two im-portant, bipartisan provisions as part of the overall package. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). 
Mr. M CNERNEY. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, it is well past time 
that Congress update our national en-ergy policy with a framework that in-cludes clean energy technologies, re-duces fossil fuel consumption, boosts energy efficiency in residential, com-mercial, and Federal buildings, and provides the funding necessary to ad-vance our workforce and technological innovation, but, unfortunately, H.R. 8 does not meet these goals. 
I do want to thank Chairman U
PTON  
for working with me on several provi-sions that are intended to improve re-sponses to physical and cyberattacks on the grid, that encourage the devel-opment and use of water and energy-ef-ficient technology, that streamline hy-dropower permitting, and that gen-
erally improve the modernization of our electric grid. 
Unfortunately, the funding was re-
moved for the electric grid grant pro-gram and for carbon capture sequestra-tion, a provision promoting the next generation energy workforce is gone, and language that weakens energy effi-ciency in buildings has not been fixed. 
This is a big disappointment, Mr. 
Chairman, because throughout most of the process there was real bipartisan cooperation, but in the final stages, the majority fell into partisanship and changed the bill to something most Democrats can’t support. 
So it is with great disappointment 
that I oppose H.R. 8, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
b1815 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
rise today in support of H.R. 8, a bill that will help our Nation rise to meet growing energy demands and chal-lenges. 
Our energy policy is incompatible 
with the current state of domestic en-ergy supply and production. The United States is now the world’s larg-est energy producer, but our energy in-frastructure is woefully inadequate. We have the innovation and technology to safely expand the electric grid and pipeline systems, but administrative red tape has severely hindered these projects. 
As long as natural gas, hydroelectric, 
and nuclear energy projects continue to languish for years in drawn-out Fed-eral permitting processes, nobody can benefit from the cleaner and more af-fordable energy these sources can pro-vide. 
Not only do we desperately need to 
expand our energy infrastructure to en-sure reliable and affordable energy, but our national security depends on se-cured energy sources and updated in-frastructure to protect against real threats. 
Cyber attacks on electric utility sys-
tems and electromagnetic pulses are no longer things you only see in movies. These threats are very real and pos-sible, and we need to be prepared. We need to improve energy infrastructure security now, not later. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill so Americans can continue to have access to an affordable, reliable, and secure energy supply. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today in adamant opposi-tion to H.R. 8. 
I don’t have much time, so I can’t go 
into all the terrible provisions included in this legislation. To be clear, there are many. 
I do want to address language that 
would give the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, or FERC, what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.073 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8844 December 1, 2015 
amounts to fast-tracking power for 
pipeline approvals. 
Setting arbitrary deadlines for the 
studies, research, and public comment periods for dangerous and volatile pipe-line projects, regardless of how com-plicated the proposal or how sensitive the land these projects cuts through, doesn’t give us what my colleagues across the aisle call energy security. 
What it will do is put private, public, 
and protected land, clean water, and our environment at risk. 
In my district, where we are already 
fighting just such a project, my con-stituents will be the first to tell you just how preposterous a provision of this nature is. 
This bill deserves a resounding and 
unilateral ‘‘no,’’ and I hope my col-leagues will join me in defeating it. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, may I in-
quire how much time is remaining on both sides? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Michigan has 18
1⁄2minutes remaining, 
and the gentleman from New Jersey has 19 minutes remaining. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today 
to speak about the North American En-ergy Security and Infrastructure Act. 
With new technology and innova-
tions, the energy industry is growing rapidly, and this important legislation works to maximize America’s energy potential. 
The United States leads the world in 
energy production, but, sadly, due to Washington’s bureaucratic red tape, projects like updating our pipelines and electric grid have fallen way be-hind. 
This legislation will modernize our 
energy infrastructure, protect our elec-tricity system, strengthen energy secu-rity and diplomacy, and improve en-ergy efficiency. 
Bolstering our energy security and 
making our infrastructure more resil-ient will, in turn, strengthen our na-tional security and our economy. I sup-port this important legislation because it is the next step in becoming energy- independent. Now is the time to dra-matically increase our investment in homegrown American energy. 
When I came to Congress, my top pri-
ority was growing the economy and creating jobs. Mr. Chairman, this bill will do exactly that. It makes no sense to place restrictions on the abundance of energy potential in America. The United States is an energy superpower, and it is time to step up and lead. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
strong opposition to this legislation and, in particular, a section of the bill that would create an opening to cause irreparable damage to our national parks. 
H.R. 8 would establish national en-
ergy security corridors to short circuit the approval process for natural gas 
pipelines that cross our Nation’s public lands. In doing so, it eliminates long-standing protections afforded to our national parks and other historically significant areas that were set aside for the very distinct purpose of preserving our Nation’s cultural and natural her-itage. 
This legislation also blocks the pub-
lic from providing any input on where these natural gas pipeline corridors should be located. 
My home State of Massachusetts, 
like many areas around the country, faces real energy challenges. In my dis-trict, a company is proposing to build a new 250-mile natural gas pipeline that crosses three States. I have heard from hundreds of my constituents expressing their concerns with the project, par-ticularly with regard to its route. 
Thanks to extensive public review 
and input, the pipeline route has al-ready been adjusted to minimize some of the environmental impacts, but there are still many outstanding con-cerns that deserve careful scrutiny to be sure that the route does not ad-versely impact local farmland, State forests, parks, wildlife management areas, and wetlands. 
The significant amount of interest in 
this proposed pipeline reflects the Commonwealth’s longstanding history of preserving natural habitats and pro-tecting open spaces for the public ben-efit, and we have invested enormous public resources toward these goals. This is also true of the investments that American taxpayers have made in our national parks. 
By expediting approval of natural gas 
pipelines, H.R. 8 would directly erode the National Park Service’s ability to meet its core mission of preserving and protecting our Nation’s natural, cul-tural, and historic resources, unimpaired for the use and enjoyment of future generations. 
I offered an amendment with my col-
league from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) to re-
move this section from the bill. How-ever, the majority blocked this simple amendment from coming to the floor and receiving an up-or-down vote. 
Our national parks belong to all 
Americans and have been famously called ‘‘America’s best idea.’’ National parks protect, celebrate, and give ac-cess to the many places that have shaped and defined who we are as a people and a country. 
Members should have been given the 
opportunity to vote on whether or not we should protect our national parks from natural gas pipelines. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
legislation. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ). 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Chair, the 
North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act does some impor-tant things to move us into the 21st century with our energy policy. It ad-vances modernization, reliability, secu-rity, and efficiency in our energy infra-
structure. 
I want to focus on one section of that 
bill, title 5, that ‘‘national energy secu-rity corridors’’ portion. I originally proposed this as a separate bill, and I am pleased to see it as part of this en-ergy act. Simply put, it allows us to move natural gas from the western to the eastern United States. 
Let me give you an example of why 
this matters. A couple of weeks ago, I visited Winteringham Village in Toms River in my district. It is a village comprised almost entirely of seniors, and their average income is slightly over $12,000 a year. 
These people are not getting a cost- 
of-living increase under Social Secu-rity, but they most certainly are facing higher energy costs. The reason is sim-ple. While other States, western States, enjoy lower energy costs, States like mine are facing higher en-ergy costs, and the reason is simple. We don’t have the energy infrastruc-ture to move gas from the West to the East. 
Last winter, on one particular day, 
the cost of natural gas in New Jersey was $22.35 for a million BTUs. It was $1.50 at the same time in Pennsylvania, one State away from me. 
The solution is this ‘‘energy security 
corridors’’ portion of the bill. It re-quires and empowers the Secretary of the Interior to designate 10 natural gas corridors across Federal lands. 
Now, I just heard that it is across na-
tional parks. Nothing could be further from the truth. The Federal Govern-ment owns much land that is not park land, and this would allow the Sec-retary of the Interior to designate cor-ridors so we can properly plan our en-ergy needs. 
It does a few things for us. It lowers 
energy costs. It protects the most vul-nerable of our citizens. It would require thoughtful planning of where to put pipelines. It would be subject to a full environmental review under NEPA. 
It would create jobs. The President of 
the North American Building Trades Union testified at our hearing that it would not only create jobs in building these corridors, but it would create jobs because of lower energy costs. Lastly, it would increase our security because energy security and national security are inextricably linked. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to have 
this portion of the bill included, the ‘‘national energy security corridors’’ portion. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this entire bill and move our en-ergy policy into the 21st century. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I was dis-
appointed to see the Rules Committee decided to add H.R. 2295, the National Energy Security Corridors Act, to H.R. 8. 
There is no doubt that getting nat-
ural gas to where it is needed and to lowering electric and heating bills are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.074 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8845 December 1, 2015 
worthy accomplishments, but we 
shouldn’t accomplish these by steam-rolling the concerns of residents who would see new pipelines built in their backyards. 
Right now, there are multiple pro-
posals to run natural gas pipelines from West Virginia through the Com-monwealth of Virginia to the eastern seaboard. There is the Atlantic coast pipeline, the Mountain Valley pipeline, and more being considered. 
Understandably, people who live 
along the proposed route of these pipe-lines are concerned. Once a pipeline route is approved by FERC, land can be taken by eminent domain. The compa-nies involved, of course, want to draw the straightest, cheapest route they can. The communities in the way of these routes face huge impacts, envi-ronmentally and financially. They de-serve a say. 
Unfortunately, the legislation pro-
vides absolutely no method for the pub-lic to have their voice heard when it comes to the location of these cor-ridors. It completely waives the Nat-ural Environmental Policy Act for the corridor designation, shutting out the community’s opportunity for public input. 
Local governments are only allowed 
to speak to the extent that they can help identify the most commercially viable, cost-effective acreage. Indi-vidual resident concerns or environ-mental factors don’t even come into play. 
This is not a productive way forward. 
This doesn’t simplify getting natural gas to the people who need it. This is a way that will lead to more opposition, more lawsuits, and an atmosphere of distrust and resentment 
I have another concern. H.R. 8 now 
contains a provision which will allow pipelines to be permitted across na-tional parks without congressional ap-proval. This is contrary to long-standing U.S. law. Every time we put a pipeline across a park, Congress has been involved. 
My many friends in the Appalachian 
Trail community and the national parks conservation community are deeply worried about Congress abro-gating its responsibility to approve such pipeline crossings. 
We can’t ignore the people and the 
parks that will be impacted by this bill. I encourage my colleagues to op-pose H.R. 8. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This energy bill does nothing for 
solar, wind, or any other clean energy technology. It does nothing for energy infrastructure either since all funding in the bill was stripped by the GOP. 
The bill contains an energy effi-
ciency title that actually results in more energy consumption. 
The bill contains provisions that will 
drive up electricity prices in the North-east and mid-Atlantic by rigging the markets to prop up old and uneco-
nomical coal and nuclear plants that are losing out in the market to cost-ef-fective natural gas and renewables. 
b1830 
It also has provisions to help gas 
pipeline companies and hydroelectric licenses that will roll over environ-mental laws—like the Clean Water Act, the Endangered Species Act, the NEPA—and undermine the rights of consumers, tribes, and States. 
Of course, the version that will be on 
the floor will have a couple of bad addi-tions from the Committee on Natural Resources, including the MacArthur ‘‘pipeline through parks’’ legislation that would make it easy to run pipe-lines through Yellowstone, Yosemite, and every other national park. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a terrible bill 
that demonstrates that the Republican Party is solely focused on the energy policies of the past and is committed to throwing up barriers to the develop-ment of a clean and sustainable energy future. 
Every Democrat should join us and 
the Obama administration in opposing the bill’s passage. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
My Committee on Energy and Com-
merce colleagues and I worked to cre-ate this broad energy bill and mod-ernize our policies. 
A generation ago, policymakers were 
concerned with managing a scarcity of energy resources, but times have changed. We are in the middle of a re-surgence of American energy manufac-turing. We should manage our surplus of energy resources with clear, straightforward policies that maximize our energy potential. 
This bill is a necessary legislative 
step to ensure our energy infrastruc-ture is robust and continues to create jobs in the years to come. Modern en-ergy challenges demand modern energy policies. We must cut outdated red tape and ensure the energy markets remain nimble and secure. 
With H.R. 8, America can continue to 
take advantage of recent technology advancements and encourage a growing market that yields jobs at home and more influence abroad. The world doesn’t want to deal with unstable ex-porters, such as Russia or Iran, if they don’t have to. We should be the secure and reliable trading partner that they can trust and they do trust. 
H.R. 8 strengthens international 
partnerships and reforms processes for energy exports that will pay important dividends for generations to come. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
on the committee, especially Chairman U
PTON , for their work on this very im-
portant bill. 
This bill will keep energy affordable 
and ensure reliable electricity for con-sumers and families across the nation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by 
saying I’m pleased that this bill includes sev-eral measures I have championed, including bills I’ve offered relating to energy efficiency and electric vehicles. However, I have to op-pose this legislation because H.R. 8 fails to address climate change. In fact, the bill in-cludes several controversial provisions that shift our nation’s energy policy into reverse. 
I’m very grateful to Chairman U
PTON and 
Subcommittee Chairman W HITFIELD for includ-
ing my legislation, the Energy Efficient Gov-ernment Technology Act, in the base text of H.R. 8. This bipartisan, noncontroversial bill which I introduced with Rep. K
INZINGER , re-
ceived 375 votes on the House floor last year. This measure would save taxpayers millions of dollars and would make the federal govern-ment a leader in reducing energy use at data centers which can be highly inefficient. 
I also appreciate that two amendments I of-
fered at the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee markup of this bill were agreed to by voice vote and are included in the Manager’s Amendment. The first would allow federal agencies to offer electric vehicle charging sta-tions to guests and employees, a practice that is not currently allowed. The second would add transparency requirements to ensure that only critical infrastructure information is pro-tected from FOIA requests, and that this des-ignation is periodically reviewed to ensure this authority is not abused. These provisions are incremental but important steps toward pro-moting innovation and deployment of clean and energy-saving technologies. 
Unfortunately, the same cannot be said 
about the rest of H.R. 8. With historic inter-national climate negotiations currently under-way in Paris, this so-called ‘‘comprehensive’’ energy bill does not include a single reference to climate change or promotion of renewable resources. This represents the squandering of an opportunity to put in place a 21st century energy policy for our country that promotes clean energy and reduces our dependence on the fossil fuel resources that cause climate change. 
H.R. 8 includes several controversial provi-
sions that my colleagues and I opposed at Committee and that are also opposed by the Administration. For example, the bill contains unnecessary provisions to short-circuit the re-view process for exports of liquefied natural gas (LNG). The current process, which re-quires the Department of Energy to ensure that all exports are in the public interest of the United States, is working and already has us on track to be the largest LNG exporter in the world within a decade. H.R. 8 also includes provisions that would require a short-sighted view of energy efficiency investments in build-ing codes, and it would repeal the requirement that all new and remodeled federal buildings phase out fossil fuel use by 2030. Lastly, the Manager’s Amendment includes a highly con-troversial bill from the Natural Resources Committee that would limit public review and direct more natural gas pipelines to be built on public lands, including National Parks. 
Again, I appreciate the Chairman’s willing-
ness to accept my bipartisan additions to this bill, but I cannot support this legislation and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
The CHAIR. All time for debate has 
expired. 
Under the rule, the Committee rises. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.075 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8846 December 1, 2015 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
JENKINS of West Virginia, Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize en-ergy infrastructure, build a 21st cen-tury energy and manufacturing work-force, bolster America’s energy secu-rity and diplomacy, and promote en-ergy efficiency and government ac-countability, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES 
ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITA-TION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). The Clerk will 
report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Kuster moves that the managers on 
the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 644 be instructed to agree to the provisions contained in subtitle A of title VII of the Senate amendment re-lating to currency manipulation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 2 of rule XXII, the gentle-woman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) and the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. B RADY ) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Hampshire. 
Ms. KUSTER. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of my motion that will instruct con-ferees to include in the conference re-port language to combat currency ma-nipulation from the Senate-passed version of H.R. 644. 
Currency manipulation by foreign 
governments is one of the greatest challenges we face to creating the type of free and fair trade that will benefit all Americans from top to bottom and help us create more jobs right here at home. 
I, like so many others, am highly fo-
cused on helping our domestic manu-facturers grow and create good, strong, middle class jobs. Since taking office, I have made supporting job creation and economic opportunity my number one priority, and our State’s manufactur-ers play an integral role in that con-versation. 
Unfortunately, U.S. manufacturers 
already face so many challenges that make it more difficult to compete with foreign companies. From the lower cost of labor to limited environmental pro-tections, our manufacturers must com-pete with foreign policies that lead to an uneven playing field. 
Unfair currency manipulation makes 
that competition even more difficult. Currency manipulation is when govern-ments use monetary policy to devalue 
their currency, which makes their ex-ports cheaper and foreign imports more expensive. 
The good news is that we have the 
most talented workers and the most in-novative companies in the world, and we can compete and win despite these challenges. 
For example, right in my district in 
New Hampshire, I visited dozens of new manufacturing companies that are har-nessing cutting-edge technologies, like precision manufacturing and healthcare technology, to revitalize the industry and create modern, 21st century jobs for our workers. We must support these American manufacturers by cracking down on unfair advantages overseas that hinder their success. 
This motion will help to level the 
playing field for manufacturers in New Hampshire and across the country by directing the Department of Commerce to slap duties on goods that have un-fairly benefited from undervalued cur-rency. This is the only provision in ei-ther customs bill that will effectively deter currency manipulation by our trading partners. 
Working to address currency devalu-
ation has long enjoyed bipartisan sup-port. In 2010, the House overwhelm-ingly passed legislation restricting cur-rency manipulation by a vote of 348–79. Earlier this year, the Senate version of this legislation passed 78–20, in large part because of the critical language restricting currency manipulation. 
However, the version of this legisla-
tion passed by the House does not in-clude the bipartisan provision that so many agree is crucial for limiting the ability of U.S. workers and businesses to compete more fairly with foreign companies and workers. 
I strongly support fair and open trade 
that will spur job creation back here in the United States. When 95 percent of 
global consumers exist outside the United States, we have to find new markets for our manufacturers and other producers to grow and create more jobs here at home. 
But when U.S. manufacturers are al-
ready disadvantaged by foreign prod-ucts that are subsidized by their home currency, it is difficult for them to compete both at home and abroad. 
And the impacts of this unfair ma-
nipulation are real. The Peterson Insti-tute estimates that, over the past dec-ade, at least 1 million and as many as 5 million jobs have been lost due to currency manipulation. 
Additionally, an analysis by the Eco-
nomic Policy Institute estimates that by eliminating currency manipulation we can reduce our trade deficit by as much as $500 billion, leading to a sub-stantial increase in GDP growth and helping our American economy thrive. 
Specifically, New Hampshire could 
expect to see roughly 13,000 new jobs as a result of an effective policy against currency manipulation. 
The status quo is simply not good 
enough for U.S. workers, and that is why I am offering this motion today. Our workers are already competing 
with foreign companies that pay their employees a fraction of what U.S. workers make. We should do whatever we can to help make it less difficult for U.S. companies to compete globally. Adding this currency manipulation language to the bill before us today will give us the best chance to do that. 
Please join me in supporting my mo-
tion in support of American manufac-turers. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the Motion to Instruct Conferees on H.R. 644. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in opposition to the motion to 
instruct conferees. 
There is no question currency manip-
ulation is a real problem, and I and many other Republicans are committed to fighting it. The bill that we are going to conference on includes strong currency provisions, thanks to the hard work of Representative M
ILLER  
and members of the Michigan delega-tion. 
In addition, earlier this year, we 
passed a trade promotion authority legislation that, for the very first time, raised fighting manipulation to a pri-mary negotiating objective and pro-vides the administration more tools to tackle the practice. 
However, if the United States begins 
unilaterally levying tariffs, our trading partners will no doubt do the same, leading to a very dangerous cycle. This would undermine the very purpose of trade agreements: to break down bar-riers and to open economic freedom. More importantly, this would hurt American competitiveness and hurt our jobs. 
I am also concerned that pursuing a 
unilateral approach could cause the United States to be a target for retalia-tion by countries like China, harming our businesses and their employees, and risk putting the United States in violation of international obligations and out of WTO compliance. 
And the administration agrees. 
b1845 
Earlier this year, Secretary Lew sent 
a letter to Congress stating that the administration would oppose legisla-tion that would use the countervailing duty process to address currency undervaluation because it would raise questions about consistency with our international obligations and that it would be counterproductive to our on-going bilateral and multilateral en-gagement as well as to our efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.077 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8847 December 1, 2015 
promote greater accountability on cur-
rency policies in the context of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States has a 
unique responsibility as a world re-serve currency. This type of measure puts our standing at risk. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, this 
motion is the next step in fast-track consideration of Asian trade agree-ments and perhaps other trade agree-ments. 
The fast-trackers know that the only 
way they can sell this agreement to the American people is to rely on stealth as much as possible to hide the agreement, as they have, for as long as possible; and then, even at the present time, not to give full information about all aspects of this agreement, such as the alleged $18,000 tax cuts being provided foreigners, without in-dicating what tax cuts are available for Americans or what the effect of these tax cuts might be. And now, today, under this new, more inclusive House that we have heard so much about with the new Speaker, we are provided less than an hour’s notice for the fast- trackers to strike again. 
In moving to go to conference on a 
bill to attempt to fix a defective fast- track proposal, they have done so under a procedure that cut off all de-bate. We were not permitted to say a word about the customs bill as a whole, and the only way that we are able to comment about what is happening here at all is thanks to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire who has offered a nonbinding motion about one of the many questionable provisions in this customs bill. It is a very important provision concerning currency manipu-lation that allows some foreign trading partners to use their currencies and ad-just them to get what they cannot do through normal trade procedures and greatly disadvantage American manu-facturers and hurt American jobs. 
I applaud the gentlewoman’s consid-
eration and offering of that amend-ment. Even though it will not bind the conference committee, it is a way for the House to speak out about that issue. 
But this is not the only flaw that ex-
ists in the customs bill. Indeed, the first provision included in this customs bill as passed by the House—ironically, brought up today, as countries with good will are struggling with the issue of how we address climate change in Paris—instructs that no trade agree-ments can obligate the United States with respect to global warming or cli-mate change. 
So the bill that is being sent to con-
ference, as approved in the House, is designed to prevent our acting con-cerning climate change, which is the great threat—perhaps one of the major national security threats, and cer-tainly the greatest environmental 
threat of our time. We can see the ef-fects all around us when we are not surrounded by climate change deniers, of which there are many in this House who refuse to accept science and prefer mythology and ideology to science. Hence, this provision in a bill in a trade negotiation that began consid-ering ways to address climate change now has a prohibition against doing it. 
A second problem—I am all for trade. 
I voted for trade or supported trade with most of the countries that are in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. One of those countries, however, believes in turning a blind eye to trading women, trading children, trading indentured workers, and that country is Malaysia. 
Until the last couple of months, Ma-
laysia was in a category with North Korea and a handful of other countries as a country that was doing the least and had the worst record when it comes to human trafficking. So the United States Senate approved a provi-sion to address that concern with Ma-laysia. And when that provision was in the Ways and Means Committee in markup, I specifically asked then- Chairman R
YANto ensure that we had 
any human trafficking amendment lan-guage from the Senate committee in this customs bill or in his TPP bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. DOGGETT. He told me in the 
course of that hearing that he would oppose truly conforming the House bill with the Senate bill because ‘‘it would make it more difficult to negotiate TPP,’’ this Asian trade agreement. 
So we put the desire for trade over 
our principles. I think it is possible to have more trade and support a 21st cen-tury trade policy without sacrificing our values as Americans. 
What has happened in the meantime 
is a reclassification of Malaysia, all de-signed to get the trade there without getting Malaysia to do what it should about human trafficking, which I think is really tragic. 
Then there is the third issue ad-
dressed in this customs bill, and that is the question of enforcement. Of course, when it comes to protection of the en-vironment, when it comes to standards so that we are not in a race to the bot-tom with our American workers versus foreign workers, say in Vietnam work-ing for 60 cents an hour, this United States Trade Representative’s office has been asleep at the wheel. That is the name of a great Texas swing band, but it is not a very good policy when it comes to enforcing the law. Unfortu-nately, these enforcement provisions which are part of this customs bill leave it to USTR to proceed as it has in the past. 
I think, instead of going to con-
ference, what we should be doing is going back to the drawing board in the committee, looking at the enforcement provisions, and asking why it is that, though it has had responsibility to en-
force environmental and labor guaran-tees, it has not brought successful ac-tions to accomplish either. 
And specifically with regard to the 
environment, in addition to the cli-mate change provisions, one of the most troubling developments as far as both climate and the environment is the question of logging in the Amazon region and other sensitive areas. USTR was charged with seeking audits of that logging and seeing that we acted under agreements that were approved during the Bush administration. It has failed to do so. 
So, for one reason after another, 
going to conference is a mistake. I ap-plaud the motion. I hope it is adopted, but it is tragic that we are moving in this direction. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
People often ask: How do you end the 
gridlock in Washington? The answer is found in the Constitution. The House of Representatives passes its best idea on how to solve a problem, the Senate does the same, and then you go to a conference committee to try to find common ground and to try to find solu-tions that advance the principles of both parties to try to solve big prob-lems. 
The motion we passed earlier tonight 
was to start that open and transparent process of going to a conference com-mittee and having representatives of the House and Senate, Republicans and Democrats, come together to try to work out these issues. The underlying bill passed the House and the Senate earlier this summer. There have been a lot of, I think, very healthy discussions between both Chambers and both par-ties in how we find common ground. 
So this motion is to instruct those 
conferees; but in truth, what we are seeking is that open, transparent, I think, constitutional process where we listen to the ideas of, for example, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), 
a member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee whom I respect, where we listen to the ideas of Senate Republicans and Democrats and we, again, try to find common ground on a couple of things: one, how do we streamline the time and the cost and efficiency of America trading its goods as we work to sell America throughout the world, work-ing through issues that were raised in trade promotion authority by both par-ties. 
These are legitimate, sincere issues. 
We have got an opportunity at con-ference to discuss them. Then, hope-fully, we will find common ground and bring that solution back to the House and to the Senate for final approval. This is simply what we are trying to do. 
Again, this motion to instruct goes 
after an issue we all agree on: currency manipulation. The key is to do it the right way so that it doesn’t boomerang on America but actually gets to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.079 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8848 December 1, 2015 
issue. We are going to have this discus-
sion in the conference committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. L
EVIN). 
Mr. LEVIN. I thank the gentlewoman 
for yielding, and congratulations on your motion to instruct. 
First, let me just say, in terms of 
process, I do think it is important that, before there is a motion to go to con-ference, there be some notification to the minority; because there have been discussions underway about the cus-toms bill for a long time, and no one on our side, including our leadership, was given any notice of the motion to go to conference today. I think that is a mis-take, and I hope it won’t be repeated. I say that in good faith and with some good cheer. It is a bad precedent, and I hope it won’t be followed. 
Let me just say a word about cur-
rency. We have been working on this for years. We passed several bills through this House directly relating to currency, and it never became law. In-stead, there has been interminable talk about doing something. So, finally, there was placed in the Senate bill the proposal of C
HUCK SCHUMER . We have 
an almost similar bill in the House. What is happening here is, I think, that the House bill is going to eliminate the Schumer amendment. 
So for all the talk on currency, we 
are essentially going to be back to where we were and have been for years. There are no teeth in the amendment that was proposed by my colleague from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ). There 
are no teeth in it. It is kind of all gums. The same is true of the other language in the Senate bill on cur-rency, with all due respect. It just 
doesn’t face up to the issue. 
We have proposed some ideas to try 
to add strength to what has been a weak structure, and essentially what happens now is, instead of further dis-cussions, we are going to conference. I think it is now preordained that the Schumer amendment will be elimi-nated. It will be left with essentially empty language in terms of real strength to it. 
So I congratulate my very distin-
guished colleague from New Hampshire for not only bringing this up, but for your eloquence. We lost millions of jobs because of currency manipulation by Japan in the nineties and by China thereafter. The estimate is 2, 3, 4 mil-lion jobs. What more does this institu-tion want? 
Let me just say a couple of words 
about two other provisions. 
The House bill essentially added lan-
guage to TPA that said that there must be assurance that trade agree-ments do not require changes to U.S. law or obligate the United States with respect to global warming or climate change. 
b1900 
So here we are going to conference 
one of the days of the Paris conference, and we face the language in the House 
that eliminates any meaningful oppor-tunity in trade agreements to address climate change. 
It may take me a little longer. I may 
have to ask for a minute, but I want to say something about our previous ac-tion. 
We put in May 10 provisions relating 
to Peru and the Amazon. Why? In part, because it was displacing people who were living there, but also because the Amazon conditions affect the climate throughout the Americas. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. KUSTER. I yield an additional 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan. 
Mr. LEVIN. And if this language 
were in place when we did May 10, we would not have been able to have that provision that is part of American law proudly. So we are headed in the wrong direction. 
Let me just say a last word about 
human trafficking. The State Depart-ment reports on human trafficking in Malaysia are very clear. The ink could not be darker. That is that there has been massive human trafficking and, essentially, what the House language did was to weaken the proposal of Sen-ator M
ENENDEZ . 
Then the State Department, I think, 
essentially did not face up to the reali-ties within their own reports and moved Malaysia from tier 3 to tier 2 so that they could continue to be part of the negotiations. 
I don’t see how people can look in the 
mirror and not say to themselves that we have to take into account human trafficking. 
So I finish with this. There are some 
positive provisions within the Customs bill, but there are also these very dif-ficult and I think, in some respects, dangerous, in the case of currency, worse-than-innocuous provisions be-cause, in currency, it retreats from the little step of meaning that we were going to take. 
So I congratulate the gentlewoman 
who is such a noble warrior on so many issues for bringing up this motion to instruct, and I urge strong support. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, Cus-
toms bills in the past have been posi-tive. They have been useful in trade en-forcement packages. 
However, the majority in this body 
has baked into this legislation harmful provisions that make the fast-track law even worse. 
It fails to protect Dodd-Frank and fi-
nancial regulations, consumer safe-guards. It stops our trade agreements from doing anything to address immi-gration. It strips out provisions tack-ling currency manipulation, an abuse that is costing millions of Americans their jobs. Don’t take my word for it. Listen to 
the Peterson Institute. Listen to what they have to say, no left-leaning orga-nization. It says that, as a result of currency manipulation, the United States has lost up to 5 million jobs. 
Why would we go down this road 
again? Why wouldn’t we make cur-rency manipulation prohibitive, in-stead of using language that is not even in the bill, but in a forum that they have put together around the TPP that says that countries should refrain from currency manipulation, they should avoid currency manipulation? 
Avoid? Refrain? What kind of tough 
enforcement language is that? It is not. 
What do countries do when they ma-
nipulate their currency? They drop the cost of their currency. Their goods be-come cheaper. Our goods are more ex-pensive. We don’t sell them abroad. 
You know what happened in Mexico 
with NAFTA. They talked about all the beautiful provisions, all the tariffs dropping, et cetera. When they de-valued the peso, it was all gone. 
This is without strong, tough—and it 
won’t be strong and tough because of the Senate language. But this is a good faith effort to deal with currency. 
But, in fact, the lack of currency en-
forcement here is going to cause ruination in terms of American jobs and it is going to lower their wages. And already Malaysia has devalued its currency, as has Vietnam. 
This agreement bans the United 
States from making commitments on climate change in trade agreements. My colleagues have spoken about this, provisions that are necessary to ensure that our trade policy does not negate our climate goals. 
You have got—what is it?—I don’t 
know—200 countries assembled in Paris to look at how we bring some sanity to climate control and what we do. We have the President there. These efforts are more important now than ever, and we will be able to do nothing about dealing with the issue of climate. 
This is a massive step backward for 
the already weak environmental obli-gation in our trade agreements. This bill contains no funding support for the enforcement and monitoring of our trade agreements. Lack of enforcement has plagued our trade deals for decades. 
Despite environmental rules in the 
U.S.-Peru free trade agreement, the overwhelming majority of timber from Peru is illegally logged. Despite the labor rules in the Colombia free trade agreement, over 118 Colombian trade unionists have been murdered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
ABIN). The time of the gentlewoman 
has expired. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Within the last week, 
Vietnam, one of the partners in this agreement, arrested labor activists. 118 Colombian trade unionists were mur-dered. Vietnam will not allow orga-nized labor, and in the agreement they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.080 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8849 December 1, 2015 
get a free pass for 5 years while our 
jobs are just being drained away. 
Now the Congress is reviewing the 
TPP, the largest free trade agreement of its kind in history. It does include countries like Vietnam and Malaysia, where labor and human rights abuses are rampant. 
My colleagues have talked about Ma-
laysia and trafficking and forced labor. Where are the values of this Nation when we can take Malaysia that traf-fics in young girls and say that they have gotten better and they go from a tier 3 country to a tier 2 country just so that they can be part of this agree-ment? 
Where are the values of the United 
States of America? They are not present here. We can’t afford more free trade agreements without adequate en-forcement. 
Worst of all, this bill weakens protec-
tion in so many areas. We are dealing, as I said, in trafficking. It is modern slavery. That is what that is all about. 
Democrats have been clamoring for 
years and years for our government to include enforceable labor standards and enforceable environmental provisions, and it has fallen on deaf ears. 
This motion to instruct—and I say to 
my colleague thank you for doing this—should pass. It will pass tonight or tomorrow, but it really should not go to conference. There are so many flaws in the underlying bill and in the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement as well, and this should not go to con-ference. 
In fact, put a gloss on a piece of legis-
lation that is one of the worst pieces of legislation that has hit this floor of the United States House of Representa-tives. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I am prepared to close if the gentlewoman from New Hampshire is prepared to do so as well. 
The value of a country’s currency is 
a complex issue. It is determined by a number of factors: how much a country saves, how much it invests, the strength of its economy, its trade flows in and out. It is a complex issue. 
Where Republicans and Democrats 
and the White House find common ground is the desire that countries don’t manipulate their currency in order to give themselves an unfair trade advantage. 
The difference is how best to go 
about it. And because it is a complex issue, there are some very good ideas on all parties’ sides on how best to do that. 
This motion essentially says to for-
get those discussions and don’t have Republicans and Democrats from the House and Senate work together through this complex issue and find a common solution. This motion simply says to forget all that. There is only one solution, and we insist upon it. End the discussion. 
I don’t think that is the right way to 
go about it. I think, frankly, there are real serious concerns not just from Re-
publicans, but from the White House on insisting on this one solution. 
I think our country is better served 
and those who want to stop currency manipulation are better served by bringing our best ideas together in this conference committee. 
That is what I am determined to do. 
That is what the American public wants us to do, an open, transparent, regular process that brings about the very best solution for America. 
That is why I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
this motion to instruct. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to say to my colleague, the 
gentleman from Texas, I think that we do agree to part of this about the dan-ger of currency manipulation and the millions of jobs that are lost here in our country. 
That is why I rise this evening to 
offer this motion to instruct the con-ferees to include in the conference re-port language to combat currency ma-nipulation from the Senate-passed version of this bill. 
I also want to associate myself with 
the comments of my colleagues be-cause these are bipartisan issues. I have worked with my colleagues across the aisle on human trafficking, and I know that my colleagues share my val-ues and are appalled at the egregious efforts that have gone down in Malay-sia to traffic in young girls. 
These are not American values that 
are being expressed at this historic mo-ment, as countries across the world gather in Paris to protect our society, our whole humankind, from the rav-ages of climate change. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening 
to support my motion. I will be asking for a recorded vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Without objection, the previous ques-
tion is ordered on the motion to in-struct. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to instruct. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1915 
CLIMATE CHANGE DEBATE NOT 
SETTLED 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, re-
cently, President Obama declared cli-mate change to be the number one ad-versary of the United States. 
He has proposed wide-ranging regula-
tions to fight this supposed enemy, reg-ulations that not only drastically in-crease the scope of government but could only irreparably damage our economy. Today, we voted to reject those policies. 
While he concentrates on crony cap-
italism disguised as feel-good policies, our true enemy has grown in strength and struck one of our oldest allies. We know this enemy: a radical form of Islam that has sworn to destroy West-ern civilization, that abuses and en-slaves women, that seeks victory through suicide attacks and terrorizing civilians. 
From manufacturing fake data to fit 
computer temperature models, to ma-nipulated actual temperatures being rounded up to fit the narrative, and the resistance by government entities to reveal their methodology and internal biases show that, indeed, the debate on climate change is far from settled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the Presi-
dent to wake up, recognize that no na-tion should willingly choose to damage its own economy, as he proposes. It is time he recognized the United States’ responsibility to the free world and end the self-destructive cycle that his poli-cies would initiate. 
f 
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, just to 
follow up on the eloquent 1-minute speech by my friend, D
OUG LAMALFA , 
that it is extraordinary to think that the President of the United States— some say he is the leader of the free world—would actually say publicly and, even worse, at a conference of world leaders that, in effect, the worst blow we could hit ISIS with is for the leaders to come together on climate change? 
It is hard to believe the leader of the 
free world would make such a state-ment. Maybe it was just something that was given to him to read and he read, maybe it was in a teleprompter, or maybe he didn’t have time to think about what he was saying. Because I 
have talked to too many people in all parts of the world who have dealt di-rectly with radical Islamist terrorists, and they make clear that radical Islamist terrorists know nothing and respect nothing but power. Incredible. Just incredible. 
Growing up, it would have been akin 
to bullies beating up and taking from smaller students on the playground and the teacher gathering all the stu-dents and other teachers together and saying, ‘‘I am going to teach the bul-lies a lesson by just ignoring them and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.081 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8850 December 1, 2015 
reading you a lovely story from our li-
brary.’’ Who wouldn’t understand that the next day the bullies would be beat-ing people up again and robbing again? It is incredible. 
Such insanity followed a terrible 
event, a shooting in Colorado Springs. As a judge, a former judge, a former prosecutor, the man that did this needs to be punished. It is wrong, and no one should use any excuse to go in and shoot other people, whether it is an Is-lamic terrorist or whether it is a de-ranged, mentally unstable person thinking they have some kind of score to even with people they don’t even know, shooting people about whom they know nothing. 
This story from November 30, Fox 
News, about the three people killed in Colorado, FoxNews.com: 
‘‘The two civilians killed in Friday’s 
shooting at a Colorado Planned Parent-hood clinic were identified by authori-ties and family members on Sunday. 
‘‘Jennifer Markovsky, 35, was accom-
panying a friend to the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood clinic when she was killed in the shooting rampage, her father told The Denver Post. 
‘‘John Ah-King said she grew up in 
Hawaii and met her husband, Paul, be-fore the couple moved to Colorado when he was stationed here for the military. 
‘‘Ah-King told the Post from his 
home in Hawaii that Markovsky was a kind-hearted, lovable person with two children. 
‘‘The second civilian killed was iden-
tified as Ke’Arre Stewart, 29, Amburh Butler, a lifelong friend and family spokeswoman told the Associated Press. 
‘‘Butler said that Stewart was ac-
companying someone to the clinic, and leaves behind two girls, 11 and 5, who live in Texas. 
‘‘Stewart served in the Army’s 
Fourth Infantry Division and was de-ployed to Iraq, where Butler said he would often send her letters describing the horrors he saw on the front lines. 
‘‘‘He would tell me how terrible it 
was, how many guys he watched die. It was terrible for him,’ Butler told the Associated Press. The Army stationed Stewart at Fort Carson in Colorado Springs in 2013 before he was dis-charged from the military the fol-lowing year. ‘He went someplace where people expect to die, only to come back . . . and be killed.’’’ 
She also said, ‘‘He was just a standup 
guy, he would take a bullet for you. He was the most sincere person I’d ever met.’’ 
‘‘Markovsky and Stewart’s identities 
were confirmed by officials, who said a full identification would be provided once autopsies were completed Mon-day. 
‘‘The third victim was Garrett 
Swasey, who worked as a police officer at the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs, and was called to assist with an active shooter at the nearby clinic. ‘‘Swasey was married with two chil-
dren and a co-pastor at Hope Chapel, where he was remembered Sunday by parishioners who watched a video of him ice skating. 
‘‘‘We are learning that eyewitnesses 
confirm that the man who will be charged with the tragic and senseless shooting that resulted in the deaths of three people and injuries to nine others at Planned Parenthood’s health center in Colorado Springs was motivated by opposition to safe and legal abortion,’ Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountain CEO Vicki Cowart said.’’ 
Well, that is from Vicki Cowart. That 
does not appear to be official. And it always seems if it works better—for ex-ample, I would hope that the President has learned by now that he shouldn’t give opinions about shootings until he knows more about them. Don’t con-demn a policeman when it turns out 
the policeman was entirely justified because, by doing so, you help stir up and divide this Nation that needs to come together. 
So there are so many questions. 
When I was a prosecutor, when I was a judge, I wanted to know motive. I wanted to know what caused people to do what they did. 
We know why Islamic terrorists do 
what they do. They think that that is contributing to the caliphate. If they happen to die, just as Thomas Jefferson was told—it was reported that Jeffer-son asked why the Barbary pirates kept attacking American ships when they weren’t a threat to that Muslim area. He was reportedly told, ‘‘We be-lieve we go to paradise if we are killed while we are fighting infidels like you.’’ 
So we know what motivates most Is-
lamic terrorists. Either they think they are going to go to paradise—what a surprise they are going to get—or they think they are contributing to bringing the world under a totalitarian domination by one theocrat, like the Ayatollah Khamenei or al-Baghdadi, who is head of ISIS. 
So, with that tragedy just in our 
rearview mirror, unfortunately, once again, the President, in front of a mas-sive group, spoke without thinking about what he was saying. 
I don’t know whether it was on a 
teleprompter again and he just hadn’t thought about what he was reading to the public, maybe somebody put some-thing in front of him, or maybe he was talking off the cuff and hadn’t really thought about what he was saying. 
But this article from Alex Griswold, 
dated today, says, ‘‘While giving a press conference in Paris, President Barack Obama told reporters that the mass shootings that plague the United States just never happen in other coun-tries. ‘With respect to Planned Parent-hood, obviously, my heart goes out to the families of those impacted,’ Obama said in response to a reporter’s ques-tion. ‘I mean, I say this every time we’ve got one of these mass shootings; this just doesn’t happen in other coun-tries.’’’ He is in Paris, France, where they 
have just buried one of the 130 people, mostly from mass shootings. I mean, they probably just finished the funeral services for the victims of the Islamic terrorists, and the President says in front of the world so insensitively that these shootings, like the three people in Colorado Springs, never happens in any other countries, as he is standing in a country where it just had 130 peo-ple killed, mainly in mass shootings. 
In fact, the article says that ‘‘the 
majority of the 130 deaths were in mass shooting attacks, where the ISIS-affili-ated terrorists attacked public places with automatic rifles. Nearly one hun-dred people alone were killed in just one mass shooting at the Bataclan Theater.’’ 
‘‘Earlier this year, Paris was also the 
victim of a terrorist attack targeting the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. The Al Qaeda-affiliated terrorists wielded assault rifles, killing 11 inno-cent people.’’ That was in Paris. 
b1930 
Now, I do realize this article says the 
11 people with Charlie Hebdo, the pub-lisher of the magazine, that those 11 people, it says here, were innocent. But, obviously, again, a leader of the United States, our Secretary of State, John Kerry, addressed on video for the world to see this issue and basically was saying we can understand why the Charlie Hebdo people were killed. 
I mean, for goodness’ sake, those peo-
ple used the idea that they had the freedom to speak any way they wanted to; and, apparently, radical Islamic ter-rorists were insulted, even though the President has said repeatedly and John Kerry has said repeatedly and Hillary Clinton has said repeatedly, and con-tinues to say, that these terrorist at-tacks by radical Islamic terrorists have nothing to do with Islam. 
Well, that is a head-scratcher, be-
cause if the terrorist attacks on Char-lie Hebdo had nothing to do with Islam, then why did John Kerry think there may have been some justification for Islamic terrorists to kill these sati-rists, these magazine employees, be-cause they said something offensive about Islam? If it wasn’t about Islam, then why were the terrorists killing these magazine employees because they said something about Islam? That is a head-scratcher. 
And then when we look at what the 
media is saying about the Colorado Springs shooting and we look at what people in the mainstream media, whether it is ‘‘The View’’ or other places, talk about, yeah, Hitler was a Christian. No, he wasn’t. And, yeah, McVeigh, was a Christian. Well, I am sure that would be a surprise to him. He seemed to brag late in life about being agnostic. Hitler certainly wasn’t a Christian. 
So if the President, Hillary Clinton, 
and John Kerry are right that, gee, we need to worry as much about Chris-tians—actually, our State Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.084 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8851 December 1, 2015 
seems to think, in their reports, that 
we need to worry more about Chris-tians than we do about Islamic terror-ists, even though there is no indication that the Colorado Springs shooter was a Christian. 
I can absolutely assure you, Mr. 
Speaker, no matter what he says his religious affiliation is, he certainly was not a Christian, because he certainly was not following the teachings of Christ. The Bible makes clear that we are known by our fruits, and if he has gone in and killed other people in this way, illegally, then he is certainly not following the teachings of Christ. He is not part of the government. There is no justification. There has been no trial. 
But it does also raise issues about 
the effects of the lawlessness of this ad-ministration, having had whistle-blowers come to me, law-abiding, moral, ethical people you want to know. We have seen that the Justice Department will go after and destroy any honest, moral, ethical whistle-blower that may reflect poorly on the administration. We have seen reports of the acting inspector general at Homeland Security changing IG re-ports. We get word that in the intel-ligence community reports have been changed from truth to something that would not make the administration look bad, reports now coming out about, and apparently former intel-ligence leader Flynn talking about this, how the truth that was coming from intelligence in 2012 did not match up with this administration’s reelec-tion campaign so they just changed the reports. 
I mean, what effect does an adminis-
tration lying and being lawless have on what traditionally has been a majority law-abiding country? Can it create helplessness, a feeling, or a need that perhaps we need to take the law into our own hands? I would tell anyone that is never justified. You do it through lawful means, through the government. Of course, Thomas Jeffer-son might say otherwise. 
But what effect does it have when the 
law of the land, the Federal adminis-tration governing, ruling over the country, required by the Constitution to follow the laws that have been passed by Congress and signed by other Presidents, this President may not agree with and he just disregards the laws, say, on amnesty, disregards the laws about governing the EPA, so they just make up new regulations, and you just create 79,000 pages of new regula-tions as if you are a dictator in chief? I mean, if, hypothetically, that were happening, what effect would it have on people who believed in having a law- abiding country when the administra-tion over the country becomes so law-less? It seems surely it would create a feeling of desperation. 
What do you do? I have talked to 
whistleblowers who had that feeling. What do you do? I can’t go to the Jus-tice Department with the truth about what is going on because they will prosecute me. They will destroy my 
family. I will never be able to make a living again. I have seen what they do to whistleblowers who just want the administration to be honest and follow the law. What do you do? Where do you go? 
I would submit that the place you go 
is not to Russia to give away our ut-most secrets because that is treason, but it is bound to be mitigating when an administration makes it so tough to just come forward and state the truth. 
We found out that this administra-
tion had known about General Petraeus’ affair for most of a year, but they waited until General Petraeus was in a position to destroy the election possibilities, reelection possibilities for President Obama, and they flowed out about the affair they have known about for most of the year, and he is destroyed. They prosecute him because apparently, as I understand it, he pro-vided a calendar to his biographer and searched as they might for anything that they could hang around his neck of being a lawless activity. As I under-stand it, they found something in his calendar that could have been said to be classified, so he agreed to plead to that. 
And we find out yesterday there ap-
parently have been 1,000, around 1,000 Hillary Clinton emails so far that con-tain classified information. If Chuck Colson gets a year and a half for having information he is not supposed to, Petraeus’ life, his livelihood, is ruined because they are finally able to find something that might have been classi-fied that he pleads guilty to having turned over to his biographer. How long do you get for doing that a thou-sand times? I am just asking, Mr. Speaker. 
But if, let’s say, hypothetically, it 
were true what President Obama, John Kerry, and Hillary Clinton keep saying, that you should not say anything nega-tive about the terrorists who claim to be Islamic and who say, Praise be to Allah, ‘‘Allahu Akbar,’’ and then they kill innocent people, you can’t say any-thing that that is related to radical Islam because that only makes matters worse. Well, if they really believe those things they have been saying, and if it were even true, and if Homeland Secu-rity is right that we need to worry about evangelical Christians or people that belong in the authority of the United States Constitution, then shouldn’t the President, Hillary Clin-ton, and John Kerry, be worried that they are going to stir up another cru-sade by besmirching and maligning Christianity and Christians as rou-tinely as they do, saying these Chris-tian terrorists are so bad or pointing out we have got bad Christians, we have got the Crusades? 
Well, if Christianity is as big a threat 
to commit violence as people who say they are Islamic terrorists or jihadists, then I am just asking, Mr. Speaker, wouldn’t that indicate that the Presi-dent, Hillary Clinton, and John Kerry are actually going to be responsible if a 
Christian goes and does something vio-lent? I mean, using their own logic, if they are out there running down Chris-tians as a threat to violence while say-ing you can’t say anything negative about radical Islam and a Christian has done something wrong, well, if you are saying we stir up radical Islamic ter-rorists by talking about them, then wouldn’t you be responsible if you—ge-neric indefinite ‘‘you’’—be responsible for saying bad things about a Christian if a Christian then does something vio-lent? I am just asking, applying the President’s own logic or lack thereof. 
There is an article from 4 months ago 
by Kyle Becker that said, after the tragic Charleston shooting that left nine Americans dead, President Obama said the following: ‘‘But let’s be clear: At some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn’t happen in other places with this kind of frequency.’’ 
b1945 
The President said that 4 months or 
so ago, and he says it again now, while he is in Paris, where 130 people were just killed in a mass attack. 
But this article was written 4 months 
ago, and it actually charts it. And it reads, ‘‘Since most statistics on mass shootings in the world compare apples and oranges by not correcting for popu-lation, let’s get a chart that makes sense, shall we?’’ Between 2009 and 2013, the author goes through and charts. 
The loss of even one life should not 
be occurring. As someone who has looked a defendant in the eye and has ordered him to be taken and held by the Texas Department of Criminal Jus-tice until he is put to death and has signed the order requiring a multiple- murderer or a kidnapping murderer- torturer be put to death, I know every life matters. Every life matters. Every little baby who is cut up and sold for parts matters. 
How about the lawlessness of seeing 
the Planned Parenthood videos and not only not be offended or finding those grotesque and inhumane but actually having the Department of Justice stand ready to be the criminal defense firm for Planned Parenthood and stand by Planned Parenthood in these alleged horribly egregious violations of hu-manity? Would that invoke helpless-ness? It shouldn’t invoke anybody to violence, but could it? 
According to this article by Kyle 
Becker, between 2009 through 2013— these are rampage shooting fatalities per 1 million people—Norway had 15.3, Finland had 1.85, Slovakia had 1.47, Israel had 1.38, Switzerland had .75, and the United States had .72. 
Even one is too many, and the perpe-
trator should and must be punished. But if someone has committed crimes in Planned Parenthood, shouldn’t we have an administration that believes in enforcing the laws and in at least doing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.086 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8852 December 1, 2015 
a proper investigation on whether what 
was said in the videos were true, which certainly indicated orally that there were apparent crimes committed? 
Since every life matters, every Black 
life matters, not just the Black lives that are needlessly taken by a White person, but every Black life matters no matter who takes the life. 
This article from the Chicago Trib-
une reports, ‘‘Holiday toll: 8 killed, 20 wounded over Thanksgiving weekend.’’ It seems rather callous. 
The article reads, ‘‘Eight people were 
killed, including a 16-year-old boy, and at least 20 others were wounded in shootings over the Thanksgiving week-end in Chicago, an increase over last year as the number of gunshot victims rose above 2,700 for the year.’’ 
There were 2,700 gunshot victims in 
Chicago, when Chicago has such strong gun control laws in place? How could that be? Is it possible that having the toughest gun control laws, like Wash-ington, D.C., has had, doesn’t stop vio-lent murders? 
In fact, is it possible that places that 
have the strictest gun control have be-come murder capitals? It certainly ap-pears so in Chicago and in Washington, D.C. 
This article from the Chicago Trib-
une reads: 
‘‘Mysean Dunnin, 16, was among the 
first victims of the long holiday week-end. He was shot in the head a few min-utes before midnight just west of Kedzie Avenue on Van Buren Street in East Garfield Park, about a block from his home. 
‘‘Police said two people walked up 
and fired at Dunnin. He was pro-nounced dead at the scene. 
‘‘Four other people were wounded be-
tween 3 p.m. Wednesday and 2:30 a.m. Thursday. 
‘‘Two men were killed and four oth-
ers were wounded from 1:20 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day to 3:15 a.m. Friday. 
‘‘A 36-year-old man was killed and 
two people, including a 14-year-old boy, were wounded between Friday after-noon and early Saturday morning. 
‘‘The most violent stretch occurred 
Saturday into Sunday, when three men were fatally shot and at least four other people were wounded. 
‘‘Father of three, home for the holi-
days, dies in Back of the Yards shoot-ing. 
‘‘Between Sunday afternoon and 
early Monday, an eighth person was killed and six other people were wound-ed. 
‘‘The toll during last year’s Thanks-
giving weekend’’ in Chicago ‘‘was 5 killed and 14 wounded. That included a fatal shooting inside the Nordstrom’s store on North Michigan Avenue.’’ 
With the President’s precious ideas 
on gun control that certainly his former chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, would have in place in Chicago since he has such power to effectuate the pas-sage through the city leaders of ordi-nances for tough gun control, how could this be? The number of homicides is 444. ‘‘So 
far this year, there have been at least 2,740 shootings in Chicago, up more than 400 from the same time last year. The number of homicides is 444, an in-crease of 42 from last year.’’ That is tragic. 
An article by Charles C.W. Cooke on 
November 23, 2015, reads, ‘‘Anyone who would use terror as an excuse to sub-vert the Second Amendment should be tarred and feathered.’’ A rather inter-esting position. 
An article from Charlie Spiering of 30 
November 2015 reads, ‘‘In his inaugural speech at the COP21 climate change summit in Paris, President Obama ac-knowledged the terrorist attacks that occurred in the city earlier this month, but warned his fellow leaders not to be distracted from focusing on the loom-ing threat of global warming.’’ 
The President was quoted as saying, 
‘‘What greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than mar-shaling our best efforts to save it.’’ 
Ignoring the violent terrorism that 
the Islamic jihadists are infecting upon the world and talking about climate change—and, obviously, I mean, most thinking people know it is called ‘‘cli-mate change’’ now because ‘‘global warming’’ hasn’t really been supported for many years now, and, certainly, it is not provable that it was manmade. 
I do believe in climate change. We 
have it four times a year in east Texas, where I live, so I know climate change is a fact. We know that the weather normally works in cycles. 
We had a witness before our Natural 
Resources Committee who knows a great deal about the climate, and I asked him, is it true that planet Earth had to have been warmer during the days of Leif Eriksson’s crossing the North Atlantic when the Norse came to Greenland? Is it true that planet Earth was warmer then? It turns out, accord-ing to his testimony, the planet was much warmer then. 
Now, we don’t know what kind of 
fuel, what kind of carbon emissions those Norse boats were putting into the atmosphere, but I guess you would have to figure those Norse must have really been putting out some pollution from those ships with the sails on them to have created a warmer planet back then than we have now. 
Apparently, they were growing crops 
in places on Greenland where you can’t anymore. 
My friend Ben Shapiro has an article 
in the Daily Wire entitled, ‘‘Five Rea-sons Obama’s Climate Change Agenda is Dangerous—’’, and part of the words are blacked out after that. 
One reason he has highlighted is be-
cause ‘‘we have no idea to what extent the Earth is warming.’’ And he sets out some data and facts there, resources there or other. 
Two, ‘‘We have no clue how much 
human activity causes climate change,’’ and I would add ‘‘if any.’’ 
Of course, we call it ‘‘climate 
change’’ now because the data did not support the ‘‘global warming’’ that was 
being used in a fear-mongering fashion to scare people. By changing from ‘‘global warming’’ to ‘‘climate change,’’ that would allow them to say in the seventies, as they did, that we are at the beginning of a new ice age and then 30 years later say that we are heading toward cataclysmic global warming that will destroy all life on planet Earth. 
Now, after the long pause in warming 
that seems to be inexplicable to sci-entists and after the release of private emails and information from the Uni-versity of East Anglia some years back, it indicated data was being ma-nipulated so that it reflected things that weren’t true about so-called glob-al warming or climate change. 
Ben Shapiro’s third point: ‘‘We have 
no idea how much climate change im-pacts human life.’’ It has discussions and references there. 
Then, the fourth: ‘‘We have no idea 
what level of de-development would be necessary to maintain our current cli-mate.’’ 
The fifth: ‘‘The solution—destroying 
carbon-based fuels and capitalism—is the problem.’’ He writes, ‘‘The left is in an all-out war with the two greatest forces for fighting poverty in history: cheap, carbon-based energy and cap-italism. 
b2000 
‘‘The same people celebrating the end 
of the Industrial Revolution economic model seem to forget that that eco-nomic model, boosted by carbon-based fuels, have led to a massive drop in global poverty; in 1990, 1.9 billion peo-ple lived under $1.25 per day, as opposed to 836 million in 2015. That’s because of the dominance of capitalism and the increased efficiency of technology. It’s certainly not because of governmental environmental regulations. 
‘‘Some on the left seem eager to try 
out their theory that we can maintain our current standard of living while hopping in a time machine back to less usage of carbon, without reference to market efficiencies. This is foolishness. We have time machines; they’re called airplanes. Folks on the left ought to fly to countries where people don’t have coal or oil or natural gas or free markets, and watch them burn cow chips for heat to see how lovely and natural that lifestyle actually is. 
‘‘But President Obama has his goals. 
How many people will have to suffer or die globally because of them isn’t real-ly the issue. After all, to question him would make us ’cynical,’ he assures us. If cynicism means saving lives, then perhaps we all ought to be cynical of his world-conquering, unscientific, redistributionist nonsense.’’ 
Going back to February 7, 2015, an ar-
ticle from Christopher Booker from The Telegraph titled ‘‘The fiddling with temperature data is the biggest science scandal ever,’’ he said: ‘‘Two weeks ago, under the headline ‘How we are being tricked by flawed data on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.088 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8853 December 1, 2015 
global warming,’ I wrote about Paul 
Homewood, who, on his Notalotof peopleknowthat blog, had checked the published temperature graphs for three weather stations in Paraguay against the temperatures that had originally been recorded. In each instance, the ac-tual trend of 60 years of data had been dramatically reversed, so that a cool-ing trend was changed to one that showed a marked warming. 
‘‘This was only the latest of many ex-
amples of a practice long recognised by expert observers around the world—one that raises an ever larger question mark over the entire official surface- temperature record. 
‘‘Following my last article, 
Homewood checked a swathe of other South American weather stations around the original three. In each case he found the same suspicious one-way ‘adjustments.’ First these were made by the U.S. government’s Global His-torical Climate Network (GHCN). They were then amplified by two of the main official service records, the Goddard In-stitute for Space Studies (Giss) and the National Climate Data Center (NCDC), which use the warming trends to esti-mate temperatures across the vast re-gions of the Earth where no measure-ments are taken. Yet these are the very records on which scientists and politicians rely for their belief in ‘glob-al warming.’ 
‘‘Homewood has now turned his at-
tention to the weather stations across much of the Arctic, between Canada (51 degrees W) and the heart of Siberia (87 degrees E). Again, in nearly every case, the same one-way adjustments have been made, to show warming up to 1 degree C or more higher than was indi-cated by the data that was actually re-corded. This has surprised no one more than Traust Jonsson, who was long in charge of climate research for the Ice-land met office (and with whom Homewood has been in touch). Jonsson was amazed to see how the new version completely ‘disappears’ Iceland’s ‘sea ice years’ around 1970, when a period of extreme cooling almost devastated his country’s economy. 
‘‘One of the first examples of these 
‘adjustments’ was exposed in 2007 by the statistician Steve McIntyre, when he discovered a paper published in 1987 by James Hansen, the scientist (later turned fanatical climate activist) who for many years ran Giss’’—or the God-dard Institute for Space Studies— ‘‘Hansen’s original graph showed tem-peratures in the Arctic as having been much higher around 1940 than at any time since. But as Homewood reveals in his blog post, ‘Temperature adjust-ments transform Arctic history.’’ 
Wow, Mr. Speaker, I need to read 
that again. I had not seen that. 
‘‘Hansen’s original graph showed 
temperatures in the Arctic as having been much higher around 1940 than at any time since.’’ 
‘‘Homewood’s interest in the Arctic 
is partly because the ‘vanishing’ of its polar ice (and the polar bears) has be-come such a poster-child for those try-
ing to persuade us that we are threat-ened by runaway warming. But he chose that particular stretch of the Arctic because it is where ice is af-fected by warmer water brought in by cyclical shifts in a major Atlantic cur-rent—this last peaked at just the time 75 years ago when Arctic ice retreated even further than it has done recently. The ice-melt is not caused by rising global temperatures at all. 
‘‘Of much more serious significance, 
however, is the way this wholesale ma-nipulation of the official temperature record—for reasons GHCN and Giss have never plausibly explained—has be-come the real elephant in the room of the greatest and most costly scare the world has known. This really does begin to look like one of the greatest scientific scandals of all time.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I am wondering if it 
might be possible that there is a main-stream media reporter out there—with the New York Times, Washington Post, ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, one of those that have lost so many of their viewers and readers—that might someday, against all of the criticism like Galileo got and others received, pick up that mantle and do a true investigation from a mainstream media outlet, facing the belittling and the criticism of all of the Chicken Littles that are in the main-stream media currently and actually gather accurate data, show the fraud, show the wasted money, show the lost lives, show the suffering by running up the price of energy so high, and show just what Christopher Booker talks about as he finished his article. This really does begin to look like one of the greatest scientific scandals of all time. 
As the great philosopher Rush 
Limbaugh once said, ‘‘Follow the money.’’ Many others have said it. If you hear someone saying, ‘‘Let’s bring Syrian refugees in’’ when we know there is no adequate data to be assured of who they are, where they are really from, follow the money. See if they are part of those dividing up the 1 billion- plus dollars being paid to people to bring refugees into the United States. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, when this admin-
istration goes about driving up the prices of energy as it has, despite its best efforts, gasoline prices came down. The last I saw, they had dropped their approval of production from Federal land to about 40 percent of grants that had been approved during the Bush ad-ministration’s 8 years. 
Less production is being authorized 
by this administration. They are sic-cing the EPA now with these new regu-lations on the oil and gas industry, which will ultimately—if they are suc-cessful and Congress isn’t able to stop them as we should, the price of gaso-line will skyrocket as the President said he wanted coal-produced power to skyrocket. 
As one of my senior citizen constitu-
ents had told me—I think she said she was 80—she was born in a home that only had a wood-burning stove. Be-
cause of the way the cost of energy has gone up, she is worried that she may leave this world in a home that only has a wood-burning stove. The trouble for her is, if this administration has its way, she can’t have a wood-burning stove even. 
You see the cost of home energy 
going up as dramatically as this ad-ministration has forced it and you real-ize that doesn’t really hurt the rich in America to have higher prices for en-ergy. It does hurt business. It abso-lutely does. It means they can’t give raises because they are spending that money on higher bills. So people are not keeping up with what they should. 
Then we found out during this ad-
ministration the unthinkable occurred, and the President even admitted it on camera. For the first time in the his-tory of this country ever, after this President’s policies had been fully im-plemented for 5 years, 95 percent of the Nation’s income went to the top 1 per-cent. 
The President, who had talked so 
much about helping the middle class and helping the poor, has presided over policies that have made the rich—put them in a position where 95 percent of income is going to the top 1 percent. It had never happened before this Presi-dent’s policies, which have made life difficult for people in America. 
I mean not for the people that have 
all the cronyism, crony capitalism, General Electric and all those friends of the President. I am talking about the distance between the rich and the poor has gotten farther with fewer peo-ple in between. That is tragic. 
So countries swarm to the global 
warming conferences. Just watch. Fol-low the money. They hope to leave with an agreement by the United States that will punish American resi-dents and cause them to have to pay more taxes that will be paid to coun-tries around the world. 
Of course, they flock to these global 
warming climate change conferences because they think the President is going to do what he is hoping to do and start sending checks from the Amer-ican taxpayers to all of these other countries, places where their policies have stifled growth or they don’t have the energy we do. How about sending them some energy? Send them some coal. They will be far better off. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me just 
remind that you don’t have to pay peo-ple to hate you. They will do it for free. We don’t have to be sending that money overseas. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b2015 
UKRAINE UNDER SIEGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ABRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.090 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8854 December 1, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as West-
ern Europe strains with more than 1 million refugees fleeing war in the Mid-dle East and enduring terrible condi-tions, I rise tonight to address another growing humanitarian crisis in Eastern Europe, in Ukraine. 
The free world has experienced time 
and again what happens when it fails to support innocents caught by fate under the brutal grip of war and op-pression. Today that reality looms largely over Europe and surely over Ukraine, a nation of freedom-seeking people under siege outnumbered and outgunned due to Russia’s invasion on Ukraine’s eastern front. So Europe in the western end as well as the eastern faces major displacement and humani-tarian needs not seen since World War II. 
Ukrainians are fighting to choose 
their own path, and surely America, with our moral leadership, can find a way to help the beleaguered people of Ukraine survive the siege and the onset of a bitter winter, with climates that can be unforgiving, with temperatures falling as low or more than 25 degrees below zero. 
To not attend to Ukraine now risks 
Ukraine accessing to the free world. If one looks at the size of Ukraine in Eu-rope, imagine if Ukraine could access to be part of greater Europe. That is all held in abeyance now and also risks millions more potential refugees flee-ing from Ukraine to Western Europe for sustenance and more. 
I call on the Obama administration 
to address the growing humanitarian crisis in Europe, not just on the west-ern end, but on the eastern end in Ukraine. This is a challenge that can be met. America has done this before. The humanitarian need in Ukraine is immediate and growing. 
I include in the R
ECORD evidence of 
this growing crisis by the major reli-gious leaders of Ukraine from all con-fessions, representing, imagine, nearly 90 percent of the faithful of Ukraine. These denominations include Baptist, Pentecostals, Muslims, Reformed Church, the Lutheran Church, Jewish religious organizations, Evangelicals, the Autocephalous Orthodox Church of Ukraine, the Ukrainian Bible Society, the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, the Armenian Apostolic Church, the Seventh-Day Adventists, the Christian Evangelical Church. It is a very, very long list. 
I am going to read this in the R
ECORD  
as well as place it in the R ECORD . This 
was sent to President Obama. A delega-tion, over this last month, from Ukraine, of its top religious leaders presented the Obama administration with a request. Let me read it. 
‘‘We, the undersigned of the All 
Ukrainian Council of Churches and re-ligious organizations and representing Ukraine’s diverse religious community, appeal to you on behalf of the people of Ukraine to help address the humani-tarian catastrophe, Mr. President, grip-ping our country. The needs are enor-mous, ranging from medical supplies to 
everyday items, such as food, water, and clothing.’’ 
They don’t even ask for new clothing. 
They are willing to take used shoes from the United States of America. 
‘‘While the global news media regu-
larly reports on Russia’s war against Ukraine, government reforms and fi-nancial challenges, there is rarely any mention of the extraordinary dimen-sions of the human suffering caused by Moscow’s aggression. While Ukraine certainly needs greater military, finan-cial, and political assistance, our focus here, as religious leaders, must be on the humanitarian aspect. 
‘‘As you know, according to the 
United Nations, over 5 million peo-ple’’—5 million—‘‘including 1.7 million children, are in desperate need of hu-manitarian assistance.’’ 
I brought a chart to the floor that 
shows pictures of just a few of these children. 
‘‘8,000 people have died and over 
17,000 have been injured and wounded. There are over 1,390,000 displaced peo-ple, including 174,000 children.’’ 
Here is one child whose only dwelling 
has been in a bomb shelter since the time of his birth. 
‘‘The challenges of this human trag-
edy are overwhelming. Even the most conservative estimates show that over 65 percent of projected needs have yet to be met—even on the level of pledges. 
‘‘As representatives of the interfaith 
community, we witness on a daily basis the challenges and needs of people suf-fering because of this war. And with the onset of winter, an already dire sit-uation will only get worse. We pray for their lives and for the future of our country. 
‘‘While we are grateful for the assist-
ance provided by the United States Government to date, we know that the need is so much greater. Thus, we ap-peal to you,’’ President Obama, ‘‘to in-crease assistance and to activate the full potential of the National Guard State Partnership Program and the Partnership for Peace as instruments for alleviating the humanitarian catas-trophe. One of the stated goals of the Partnership for Peace is to ‘provide a framework for enhanced political and military cooperation for joint multi-lateral crisis management activities, such as humanitarian assistance and peacekeeping.’ Ukraine was the first post-Soviet country to join the Part-nership for Peace in 1993. 
‘‘In addition to the assistance pro-
vided by the US government, we, dur-ing our travels throughout the United States, have come to personally wit-ness the great generosity of the Amer-ican people expressed through numer-ous spontaneous initiatives to ship medical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine. 
‘‘Time is of the essence, Mr. Presi-
dent.’’ 
They are begging. ‘‘The people of Ukraine need to know 
that they are not forgotten in their time for need. The instruments antici-
pated by the National Guard State Partnership and Partnership for Peace programs will allow the American peo-ple to more effectively and rapidly ac-cess and deliver already available med-ical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine—literally within days. We each represent distribution net-works’’—through their various reli-gious confessions—‘‘that cooperate with each other; we now ask for the re-sources to meet the growing human needs. 
‘‘We pray that God grant you guid-
ance, wisdom and bless you and the great American nation. God bless the United States and Ukraine. Sincerely.’’ 
And I place all their names in the 
R
ECORD . 
The people of the world must meet 
this moral imperative. The United Na-tions has reported that 2.6 million Ukrainians have been displaced by the current conflict in eastern Ukraine—so unnecessary—because of Russia’s inva-sion. A staggering 5 million Ukrainians currently need humanitarian survival assistance. 
I met with one religious leader who 
came to Washington. I said: What are you finding? 
He said: Congresswoman, we are in 
Kharkiv. We need shoes, even used shoes, for the children. 
Currently, less than half of those in 
need receive any assistance at all. If Russian aggression were to trigger a flight of these Ukrainians westward, it would also add to the dangerous, desta-bilizing stress to Europe’s already- stretched refugee services as a result of what is happening with the immigra-tion and refugee resettlement from the Middle East. 
The situation in Ukraine is far from 
contained. According to a recent report by Refugees International, approxi-mately 2 million Ukrainians live close to the cease-fire lines separating Ukrainian and Russian-backed forces. 
It is hard to see some of these pic-
tures that are on this chart, but what they basically show are bombed-out buildings, bridges that are completely destroyed, old women living in build-ings where there are no roofs or win-dows in eastern Ukraine, children liv-ing in bomb shelters, and people just, unfortunately, killed because of Rus-sian shelling. 
A Ukrainian and Russian peace set-
tlement likely will take a while, but another 2 million people are living under control of Russian-backed forces. The basic needs of these civilians go unmet daily. Shockingly, most inter-national aid work has been suspended there, and there are hardly any news stories about this. Aid workers have been ejected from regions that are called Luhansk and Donetsk by the Russian-backed fighters. 
Some refugees, torn from their vil-
lages and towns, have managed to stay in Ukraine and survive even after being driven from their homes by violence. How they are doing this, I simply don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.092 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8855 December 1, 2015 
know. But these internally displaced 
are overwhelming the already limited resources of Ukraine’s local govern-ments, which are already stretched thin by Russia’s invasion. These 1.5 million internally displaced Ukrain-ians lack durable housing or jobs to pay for food or support their families. 
Don’t forget, with Russia’s invasion, 
the value of their currency has just plummeted. Everything is so much more expensive. How people are mak-ing it, I simply don’t know. 
We often talk about refugees in ab-
stract numbers. But inside these num-bers are the stories and faces of indi-viduals. I just wish people could see the eyes of these parents looking into the future that is so uncertain and so daunting. 
Ukrainian children in these conflict 
zones are being born under conditions that most Americans couldn’t even imagine, never having lived without the imminent threat of death or loss. Many risk becoming stateless, as they have been unable to receive birth cer-tificates, passports, and school certifi-cates. In looking into the eyes of chil-dren, I am again reminded of the ur-gency of this crisis. 
As freedom-loving nations grapple 
with the Ukrainian crisis, let us recall the nations of the European continent remain America’s most enduring allies in liberty. To not measure up to meet the current internal challenge for Eu-rope is to walk away from liberty’s call at freedom’s edge in our time. 
Existing efforts to assist Ukraine’s 
eastern regions face a daunting set of challenges. Roads leading to Ukrain-ians trapped in separatist-held areas are difficult to navigate. There is a photo here. I mean, they are walking across rubble, down very steep em-bankments. 
Making matters worse, many of these 
routes are now scarred by the ravages of war. Roads and bridges have been completely destroyed. On roads run-ning through conflict areas, Russian- backed fighters require registration by any humanitarian group seeking access to the region. Can you imagine? Can you imagine what life is like there? 
The United Nations is the only aid 
group allowed to even enter the Rus-sian-controlled areas of Ukraine. Even the U.N. was prevented from delivering aid to eastern Ukraine for 3 months as people suffered. And then on November 9, just a couple weeks ago, the U.N. was finally able to deliver a convoy of nine trucks carrying vital aid to the city of Luhansk, including 10,000 blankets, 10,000 towels, 5,000 buckets, and a simi-lar number of jerricans and plastic sheets, cement and timber for shelter repairs, and other winterization need and domestic items. That was to one town, and it did not completely serve their enormous needs. 
As the U.N. agency head for Ukraine 
said: ‘‘This is a small drop in the ocean of needs . . . in these conflict-affected areas.’’ Can you imagine, millions of people 
displaced but only 10,000 blankets? Mil-lions of people, 10,000 blankets. 
Delivery of basic medical supplies 
also faces obstacles. There is a short-age of medications that treat critical and common diseases. 
After his organization was forced out 
of Donetsk by Russian operatives, Dr. Bart Janssens, director of operations at Doctors Without Borders, said the following: ‘‘We are almost the only or-ganization providing treatment for tu-berculosis in prisons, insulin for dia-betic patients, and hemodialysis prod-ucts to treat kidney failure. Thousands of patients suffering from chronic, po-tentially fatal diseases will now be left with little or no assistance.’’ 
b2030 
This is the situation Ukraine faces in 
real time. What will the world do? What will the United States do with so many storehouses of used clothing, used blankets, or anything to help sus-tain life there? 
As temperatures fall across that re-
gion, shelter assistance has to be deliv-ered quickly to people living in build-ings without windows, without doors, without roofs, and, most often, without heat. Thousands of displaced people need warm blankets, winter clothing, and shoes, as well as coal and heating fuels. 
If the free world fails to act, it must 
prepare for the reality that, come spring, we will discover more elderly who are dead, more who are ill, more children who have fallen into illness and have probably died, simply cut off from assistance, who succumbed to starvation and the cold, needlessly add-ing to the over 8,000 who have already lost their lives in this Russian-directed invasion. 
America, as a nation, has long been 
one of supporting freedom and eco-nomic stability across our world. Let me remind you that in a 1947 speech laying out what would become the Marshall Plan for Europe following World War II’s devastation, war-weary America stood the test of liberty. 
And one of our greatest Americans, a 
statesman, a general, and then Sec-retary of State, General George C. Mar-shall, observed the dire post-war eco-nomic conditions in Europe. And de-spite America’s exhaustion from World War II, he urged American involvement and support of European recovery, not-ing that: 
‘‘It is logical that the United States 
should do whatever it is able to do to assist in the return of normal economic health in the world, without which there can be no political stability and no assured peace.’’ 
Those words apply to Ukraine today, 
as they did to Western Europe after World War II. 
General Marshall continued, saying, 
‘‘Our policy is directed not against any country or doctrine but against hun-ger, poverty, desperation, and chaos. Its purpose should be the revival of a working economy in the world so as to 
permit the emergence of political and social conditions in which free institu-tions can exist.’’ 
He added that struggling nations 
must take the lead in their own re-building and that America’s role should be a supporting one. 
It was really remarkable to go back 
and look at the films of the brilliant airlift from World War II and see what this country did. This crisis is not com-mensurate with what happens after World War II, but we have a model. We know what to do; we know how to do it. Why aren’t we doing it? 
I include in the R
ECORD separate 
statements from three religious leaders who are begging the United States of America and its President to pay par-ticular attention to the humanitarian needs of Ukraine: remarks by Patri-arch Filaret, Ukraine Orthodox Church; the Archbishop of Ukraine, Sviatoslav Shevchuk, the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church; and also Rabbi Yaakov Dov Bleich, head of the Jewish faiths that have presence in that coun-try. 
TRANSCRIPT OF THE SPEECH BY PATRIARCH  
FILARET AT THE NATIONAL PRESS CLUB ON  
NOVEMBER 9, 2015 
(Translated live from Ukrainian) 
Dear Friends, we just met with the staff of 
President Obama. We have handed him a let-ter signed by leaders of All-Ukrainian Coun-cil of Churches and International Organiza-tions of Ukraine leaders of different religious denominations of Ukraine. First of all, I want to emphasize that the All-Ukrainian Council of Churches represents 85% of Ukraine’s residence. So our statement is on behalf of all those people. 
What is that letter about? We are dis-
cussing how the humanitarian aid that has been collected for the Ukrainian people here in the United States can be delivered to Ukraine. And we are asking President Obama to implement certain provisions of the Partnership for Peace program. 
Why are we asking that? Because, today, 
Ukraine is defending democracy and freedom for the whole world. If Ukraine had accepted Russia’s offer and desired to pull it into the Eurasian Union, there would be no war, but Ukraine would have lost its democracy and freedom—it would have become a totali-tarian state. 
The United States is the leader of democ-
racy and freedom in the world. And, today, Ukrainians are giving their lives for this de-mocracy and freedom. So do Ukrainians de-serve such support from the United States and Europe in standing against Russian in-vasion and totalitarianism? I think Ukraine does deserve that. 
This is why we are making this request for 
help. We are asking to help deliver the hu-manitarian aid that the people of the United States have already collected. And we are also asking to increase the levels of assist-ance of multi-sided assistance. 
At this time, the war in Eastern Ukraine 
has not stopped—it only went down in inten-sity. Putin has diverted the world’s atten-tion by going into Syria—this does not mean that he has given up on Ukraine and mili-tary warfare may erupt in Ukraine with new strength anytime. So we are asking—please, help. We are giving away our live and you give us the resources, including the humani-tarian assistance. 
Thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.093 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8856 December 1, 2015 
TRANSCRIPT OF THE SPEECH BY MAJOR ARCH-
BISHOP SVIATOSLAV SHEVCHUK AT THE NA-
TIONAL PRESS CLUB ON NOVEMBER 9TH2015 
Dear Friends, I speak on behalf of Ukrain-
ian Greek Catholic Church, which is present in Ukraine and worldwide. I would like to convey to you good news from Ukraine. 
First good news is that Ukrainian nation is 
united as never before in its history. You see that righteous society of Ukraine, The Coun-cil of Churches and Religious Organizations, which represent 85% of the citizens of Ukraine, are united. Different religions, dif-ferent churches, religious denominations, but we are the heart of Ukrainian civil soci-ety, and we are together. 
The second good news is that we did not 
have a civil war in Ukraine. We are facing the foreign aggression against Ukraine. And again, that aggression is a catalyst of Ukrainian unity. Seventy percent of the sol-diers who are defending free and independent Ukraine are Russian-speakers. And I think this very important sign, that even those who are in the occupied territories, as Rabbi Bleich mentioned, are not supporting war. Even people in Russia will not support a war. It is why Putin is trying to be silent about that the Russian troop and its presence on Ukrainian territory. 
The third good news from Ukraine is out-
standing solidarity. Today, we have more than two million refugees in Ukraine. But international society, until now, could only help four hundred thousand refugees. But what is happening to the rest? Their Ukrain-ian fellows are helping them. But our re-sources are short because economic crisis is striking us in Ukraine. Nevertheless, we are united in our desire to rebuild, to transform Ukraine. 
The next good news from Ukraine, we all 
together are fighting against corruption, be-cause corruption it not only political issue, is a deep moral issue. It is a part of the post- Soviet mentality. But we all together are trying to reform and transform the very heart of Ukraine. To transform the inter-personal relationships, because corruptions strike those kinds of relationships between person in Ukraine. But, nevertheless, we are here to be a voice of the millions who are suffering the biggest humanitarian crisis in Europe after the Second World War. 
It is a pity that Ukrainian politicians until 
now did not declare the state of the humani-tarian emergency in Ukraine. Until now we’ve received an answer that this is a polit-ical quest. Nevertheless, Ukraine needs worldwide international support, especially in order to solve the humanitarian situation in our country. So it is why we are here—to speak on behalf of those millions who will suffer terrible winter in few months. 
But we have a hope in Ukraine. You know, 
politicians will come and go, presidents will come and go, all political visions will change, but Ukraine will remain, churches will remain. And today we are building our future fostering the reconciliation and co-operation between the nations. 
Thank you very much. 
T
RANSCRIPT OF THE SPEECH BY RABBI YAAKOV  
DOVBLEICH AT THE NATIONAL PRESS CLUB 
ONNOVEMBER 9TH2015 
Thanks for coming and for showing some 
interest in what’s going on in Ukraine. It is important for us in Ukraine to know that it’s not only politicians that get together and talk about Ukraine, but that it interests civil society too. 
First of all, the message comes from a coa-
lition called the Council of Churches and Re-ligious Organizations of Ukraine, which is a very unique organization anywhere in the world probably, where the Heads of all reli-gions in the country get together and work for the benefit of all of the people of the 
country. 
Our message is from civil society, from 
people to people. We spoke today with politi-cians because they can do things we can’t do. But we can do a lot more than they can. We feel that civil society has an obligation to try help and do what they can. We come to-gether with other NGOs in the United States trying to make things happen, change things. And I want to point something out: the help that we may get paying for trans-portation of containers of aid that was col-lected here to send to Ukraine is very very symbolic. The money is not the most impor-tant thing. 
What is much more symbolic is that the 
people in the United States care about what’s happening in Ukraine, they under-stand the war. 
The need for help in Ukraine is a direct re-
sult of a democratic choice, a choice that the people of Ukraine made. They want to be a part of the western family of nations. They want democracy, they want to be free, they want to be a part of Europe, they want to live like people in the West live. Because of that they are suffering, and it’s important for people in the United States to know that the front of the war between democracy, democratic life and brutality, communism, putinism, that front is taking place now in Eastern Ukraine. That fight, which is a fight of entire world for democracy, is taking place right there. It’s not only a fight for Ukraine, not only a fight for Ukraine’s free-dom, it’s a fight of freedom over putinism. This is our message. 
You could see people who are willing to 
sacrifice themselves for their freedom. Peo-ple who are sacrificing their lives on the front are not sacrificing for their freedom, they are sacrificing for the freedom of their country, for freedom of their people, for free-dom of all peoples throughout the world to have that democratic choice, to choose how they want to live, and to be able to live the way we take for granted here, in the United States. 
Today, actually, President Poroshenko 
signed a decree for organizing a committee for the 75th anniversary of Babij Yar. This is important! We don’t have to talk about this now, but a year and a half ago we were still trying to counteract the propaganda that was coming out of Russia about the fascism in Ukraine and the anti-Semitism, which is a bunch of baloney. Basically, we won that war. 
People, most people, understand that 
Ukrainian Government and Ukrainian people today are not fascists and anti-Semites, they are just people who want to live free, demo-cratically, but part of that is that Ukrainian Government also coming through and show-ing time and again, proving as much as pos-sible, as many times as possible that Ukrain-ian people are united no matter what eth-nicity, no matter what their background, what their religion is. They want to be free, they want to be democratic. Even the Rus-sian-speaking people want to be free. That was part of the failure of Putin in the east that he didn’t have the support. He doesn’t have the support of the people in Donbas to become a part of Russia. They are not inter-ested in becoming a part of Russia. They want to be free as well. Everyone wants to be free. 
Thank you. 
Ms. KAPTUR. The United States has 
more than just a moral and strategic duty to the sovereign people of Ukraine. Twenty years ago, the United States, Ukraine, the Russian Federa-tion, and the United Kingdom came to-gether to sign the Budapest Memo-randum. This agreement reaffirmed the com-
mon commitment of those signatory nations ‘‘to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing bor-ders of Ukraine.’’ And in return for that promise of protecting those bor-ders, Ukraine dismantled its vast nu-clear weapons complex, the third larg-est in the world. 
With that memorandum in hand, 
Ukraine did what it promised, but what about the other signatories to that agreement? 
Today, the Budapest Memorandum 
appears to be a hollow promise. It comes as little surprise that Russia would break that promise, but it dis-appoints me to no end that the free world, led by the United States of America, seems reluctant to honor its promises to take a more effective role as a coalition of nations and civil soci-ety organizations to help Ukraine stand on its own in the face of internal carnage perpetrated by Russia. 
NATO’s Supreme Allied Commander 
in Europe, General Philip Breedlove, a man who knows an enormous amount about that continent, recently ex-pressed his deep concern that our focus has been pulled away from Russia’s proxy invasion of Ukraine. ‘‘Folks have taken their eye off of Ukraine a little bit because of Syria,’’ he said. 
According to him, the situation is 
similar to how the world lost focus on the Russian invasion of Crimea, which the United States still considers Ukrainian territory, after Russia in-vaded eastern Ukraine and triggered the current war. 
Fighting in the Donbass region of 
Ukraine has fluctuated, but skirmishes continue and Ukrainian territory re-mains under Russian occupation, with no withdrawal in sight. 
Congress took initial steps to address 
Ukraine’s need last year, just about a year ago, with the Ukraine Freedom Support Act—legislation we fought hard to pass and which most of our col-leagues voted to support. However, conditions continue to worsen. 
A report done by the Commissioner 
for Human Rights of the Council of Eu-rope acknowledges that the fighting in the east, which began in the spring of 2014, has resulted in extensive damage to schools and medical facilities, leav-ing the local population increasingly dependent on outside aid. Assistance is needed to meet basic needs and access to clean water, which is a problem al-ready for 1.3 million Ukrainians at a minimum. 
Two weeks ago, I sent a letter to As-
sistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland to call for the United States to work with the Ukrainian Government and Russia to restore access to human-itarian workers and to allow aid to pro-ceed. 
In particular, I identified a need for 
access to—and this is in working with the religious leaders of Ukraine across confessions for these items—winteriza-tion activities, including blankets, quilts, kerosene, heating stoves; direct 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.070 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8857 December 1, 2015 
financial assistance to these religious 
groups to help them help others; water pumping station equipment to prevent freezing; electrical repair kits and tools; coal; batteries; clothing; and ev-eryday necessities, including medical equipment, basic and specialized medi-cines, emergency medical kits, shoes, socks, long underwear, coats, mittens, hats; redevelopment assistance, includ-ing economic aid and tools as well as equipment to repair homes, bridges, and roads. 
They don’t even request new mate-
rial. They just request help. I just think to myself, how much is thrown away in landfills across this country, items that still have good wear and good possibility? How much is thrown away at construction sites? And what we can do to help the people of Ukraine? These items are more than just objects to the people of Ukraine. They are life itself right now. 
The people of Ukraine want des-
perately to stand on their own, access to the European continent, and to gov-ern themselves in the light of liberty. I have seen it in their eyes. Let us help them weather this terrible storm now when they need it most. 
My heavens, if the United States of 
America could lead the Berlin airlift after World War II in those old, tired planes, sending goods to the people of Europe, to the people of Western Eu-rope, and to give them hope and suste-nance, you mean to tell me that the America of the 21st century can’t fig-ure this out, especially when Congress has put money in the budget of the De-partment of Defense and the Depart-ment of State to carry this out, work-ing in cooperation with organizations across this great land? 
Last month, the All-Ukrainian Coun-
cil of Churches and Religious Organiza-tions, a globally unique coming-to-gether of diverse religious faiths which represent 85 percent of the Ukrainian population, presented President Obama with a letter I referenced earlier, ap-pealing on behalf of the people of Ukraine to help address the humani-tarian catastrophe gripping that Na-tion. 
Each is a daily witness to the chal-
lenges and needs of the people suffering because of this unnecessary, brutal war, where over 8,000 have already been killed; 17,610 wounded—that was a fig-ure as of October—2.6 million people in-ternally displaced; 5 million in need of aid, including 1.7 million children, and one in five homes of displaced families damaged or destroyed. Surely, the free world can figure this out. 
I do have to say a word about this. A 
few weeks ago, I stood here in Wash-ington with many distinguished Ukrainian leaders, including the First Lady of Ukraine, Maryna Poroshenko; His Holiness, the Patriarch of Kyiv and All Rus’-Ukraine Filaret; and my dear friend and fellow Ukraine Caucus co-chair, Congressman S
ANDER LEVIN of 
Michigan, to dedicate a memorial here in our Nation’s capital to the 1932–1933 Soviet Union’s forced starvation of be-
tween 2.5 million and 7.5 million Ukrainians whose names are lost to history forever. 
I think America should also consider 
doing this humanitarian lift to Ukraine because, frankly, no place on Earth suffered more in the last century from brutal tyranny than did Ukraine. Perhaps something is owed to those sacrificial people for what they en-dured and for the spark of liberty that still breathes so strongly in their hearts and minds. 
In marking the brutal tragedy of the 
forced famine, called the Holodomor, I am reminded of the importance of teaching about the cost of liberty, the need to fight for it, and the legacy of that sacrificial people. 
Through this memorial, we seek to 
better guard against any oppressive re-gime that would seek to rule over any people, for, at that time, our Nation failed to reveal and respond to that on-going brutality of forced starvation in Ukraine. Had the free world acted then, we might have changed the fate of mil-lions, but that did not happen. 
Let us not repeat the blindness of the 
past. America must act with dispatch to support the freedom-loving people of Ukraine. Time and again, in moments when the world has found itself at a crossroads, American leadership and action has made the difference. 
We must be prepared to join with 
others in this effort to save the chil-dren, to save the families, to save the people of Ukraine, and, in doing so, to let liberty march forward. We must do the right thing for our brothers and sis-ters in liberty. America must act, and we must act as leaders. Ukraine is waiting. The world is waiting. 
I call upon the President of the 
United States and the Obama adminis-tration to do what is necessary and achievable to meet the growing human-itarian crisis in Ukraine, to relieve the unnecessary suffering of their people, and to prevent a gigantic refugee crisis from spilling over and impacting Euro-pean stability. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), who 
could not be here tonight for this Spe-cial Order, supports these efforts. His formal statement includes the impor-tant role that the people of south-eastern Pennsylvania have played in keeping a focus on Ukraine and this ongoing tragedy and what the United States of America can do at very little cost to the people here by the mobiliza-tion of the hearts of the American peo-ple to provide humanitarian assistance to help save Ukraine in our own time and day. 
President B ARACK OBAMA , 
The White House, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue 
NW., Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. PRESIDENT : We, the undersigned 
of the All Ukrainian Council of Churches and religious organizations, and representing Ukraine’s diverse religious community ap-peal to you on behalf of the people of Ukraine to help address the humanitarian catastrophe gripping our country. The needs are enormous, ranging from medical supplies 
to everyday items such as food, water, and clothing. 
While the global news media regularly re-
ports on Russia’s war against Ukraine, gov-ernment reforms and financial challenges, 
there is rarely any mention of the extraor-dinary dimensions of the human suffering caused by Moscow’s aggression. While Ukraine certainly needs greater military, fi-nancial and political assistance, our focus here must be on the humanitarian aspect. 
As you know, according to the UN, over 5 
million people, including 1.7 million children are in desperate need of humanitarian assist-ance. 8,000 people have died and over 17,000 have been injured and wounded. There are over 1,390,000 displaced people, including 174,000 children. The challenges of this human tragedy are overwhelming. Even the most conservative estimates show that over 65% of projected needs have yet to be met— even on the level of pledges. 
As representatives of the interfaith com-
munity, we witness on a daily basis the chal-lenges and the needs of people suffering be-cause of this war. And with the onset of win-ter, an already dire situation will only get worse. We pray for their lives and for the fu-ture of our country. 
While we are grateful for the assistance 
provided by the United States government to date, we know that the need is so much greater. Thus, we appeal to you to increase assistance and to activate the full potential of the National Guard State Partnership Program and the Partnership for Peace (PfP) as instruments for alleviating the humani-tarian catastrophe. One of the stated goals of the PfP is to ‘‘provide a framework for en-hanced political and military cooperation for joint multilateral crisis management activi-ties, such as humanitarian assistance and peacekeeping.’’ Ukraine was the first post- Soviet country to join the PfP in 1993. 
In addition to the assistance provided by 
the US government, we, during our travels throughout the United States, have come to personally witness the great generosity of the American people expressed through nu-merous spontaneous initiatives to ship med-ical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine. 
Time is of the essence, Mr. President. The 
people of Ukraine need to know that they are not forgotten in their time for need! The instruments anticipated by the National Guard State Partnership and Partnership for Peace programs will allow the American peo-ple to more effectively and rapidly access and deliver already available medical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine—literally within days. We each represent distribution networks that cooperate with each other; we now ask for the resources to meet the grow-ing human needs. 
We pray that God grant you guidance, wis-
dom and bless you and the great American nation. God bless the United States and Ukraine! 
Sincerely, 
Antoniuk Valery Stepanovich—Chair-
man of the Union, Senior Bishop, All- Ukrainian Union of Churches of Evan-gelical Christians—Baptists; Panochko Michael Stepanovich—President of the Union, Senior Bishop, All-Ukrainian Union of Christians of the Evangelical Faith—Pentecostals; Ablaev Emirali— Chairman of the Spiritual Administra-tion of Muslims of Ukraine, Mufti Spir-itual Administration of Muslims of Cri-mea; Ahmad Tamim—Head of the Spir-itual Administration of Muslims of Ukraine, Mufti of Zan-Fabian Alex-ander—Head of the Consistory of the SCRC, Bishop, Transcarpathian Re-formed Church; Sergey Mashevskyy— Bishop, German Evangelical Lutheran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.095 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8858 December 1, 2015 
Church of Ukraine; Yaakov Dov 
Bleich—President of the Association, Chief Rabbi of Kyiv and Ukraine, Asso-ciation of Jewish Religious Organiza-tions of Ukraine; Peter Malchuk—Head of the Commission on the Relationship Between State and Church; Raichynets Vasiliy Fedorovich—Senior Pastor, Union of Free Churches of Christians of Evangelical Faith of Ukraine; Macarius (Maletich)—Primate of the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church Met-ropolitan The Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church; Com-mandant Grigory Ivanovich—Presi-dent, Ukrainian Bible Society; Sviatoslav (Shevchuk)—Archbishop, The Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church; Marcos (Oganesyan)—Bishop, Ukrain-ian Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church; Vyacheslav Horpynchuk— Bishop, Ukrainian Lutheran Church; Onufry (Berezovsky)—Metropolitan Ukrainian Orthodox Church; Filaret (Denisenko)—Patriarch Filaret, Patri-arch of Kyiv and All Rus-Ukraine, Ukrainian Orthodox Church Kiev Pa-triarchate; Nosov Stanislav Viktorovich—President, The Ukrainian Union Conference of Seventh-Day Ad-ventists; Padun Leonid Nikolaevich— Senior Bishop, Ukrainian Christian Evangelical Church. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, all Members will have 5 leg-islative days within which to revise 
and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD  
on the topic of this Special Order. 
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio, Ms. K
APTUR , for organizing this 
Special Order this evening and bringing this important alliance with Ukraine to the forefront. 
The Ukrainian heritage, and its people, play 
a critical role in the cultural fabric of South-eastern Pennsylvania. 
Just this morning, I had the privilege to 
meet with Ukrainian Ambassador to the United States Valeriy Chaly and reaffirm our support for the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and freedom of Ukraine. 
Mr. Speaker, our relationship with Ukraine is 
vital to our national security interest and we must continue to foster strong bilateral rela-tions as Ukraine continues to face threats to its status as a sovereign nation. 
So long as Russia continues to pose a de-
stabilizing force at Ukraine’s borders and sup-ports rebel groups in Eastern Ukraine, Con-gress and the Administration must remain steadfast in our support for the Ukrainian peo-ple and their freedom. 
The Administration must follow through on 
the commitment set forth in the Ukraine Free-dom Support Act of 2014 to provide Ukraine with much-needed military aid, both lethal and non-lethal. 
Reportedly, not even half the aid authorized 
last December has been delivered. Further, a recent article in the Washington Post noted that the quality of the U.S. supplied gear, in-cluding Humvees, is ‘‘little more than junk’’— there is barely any protection on the windows and doors—while the non-lethal military aid provided to protect Ukraine military forces is obsolete. 
Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable and our 
allies deserve better. In an effort to keep our nation safe and to 
provide assistance to our allies, the National Defense Authorization Act was recently signed into law. This includes an authorization for $300 million in military aid, including lethal, to support Ukraine. 
And currently stalled in the House is bill 
H.R. 955, that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide assistance (including training, equipment, lethal weapons of a de-fensive nature, logistics support, supplies and services) to the military and national security forces of Ukraine through the end of the next fiscal year. 
Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to act 
on this legislation in an expeditious manner and bring it to the Floor for a vote. 
We cannot let our Ukrainian allies on the 
frontlines defend their freedom and sov-ereignty without meaningful support. The Ad-ministration must follow through on our word. 
Again, I thank Congresswoman K
APTUR for 
organizing tonight’s special order and her un-wavering dedication to Ukraine and the Ukrainian-American community. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, December 2, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3576. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability Minority and Women Out-reach Program Contracting (RIN: 3064-AE35) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3577. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Removal of Trans-ferred OTS Regulations Regarding Safety and Soundness Guidelines and Compliance Procedures; Rules on Safety and Soundness (RIN: 3064-AE28) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3578. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Filing Require-ments and Processing Procedures for Changes in Control With Respect to State Nonmember Banks and State Savings Asso-
ciations (RIN: 3064-AE24) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3579. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Temporary Li-quidity Guarantee Program; Unlimited De-posit Insurance Coverage for Noninterest- Bearing Transaction Accounts (RIN: 3064- AE34) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
3580. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Removal of Trans-ferred OTS Regulations Regarding Fair Cred-it Reporting and Amendments; Amendment to the ‘‘Creditor’’ Definition in Identity Theft Red Flags Rule; Removal of FDIC Reg-ulations Regarding Fair Credit Reporting Transferred to the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau (RIN: 3064-AE29) received No-vember 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3581. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Program Integ-rity Issues [Docket ID: ED-2010-OPE-0004] (RIN: 1840-AD02) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
3582. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — General Schedule Locality Pay Areas (RIN: 3206-AM88) re-ceived November 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3583. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program Eligibility Changes (RIN: 3206-AN05) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3584. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XE242) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3585. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; 2015 Management Area 1A Seasonal Annual Catch Limit Harvested [Docket No.: 130919816-4205- 02] (RIN: 0648-XE292) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3586. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.073 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8859 December 1, 2015 
Atlantic Yellowtail Snapper [Docket No.: 
100812345-2142-03] (RIN: 0648-XE216) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3587. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE269) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3588. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2015 Gulf of Alaska Pollock Seasonal Apportionments [Docket No.: 140918791-4999- 02] (RIN: 0648-XE293) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3589. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Georges Bank Haddock Catch Cap Harvested [Docket No.: 130919816-4205-02] (RIN: 0648- XE266) received November 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and 
the Workforce. H.R. 3459. A bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 355). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 189. A bill to extend foreclosure and eviction protections for servicemembers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–356). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee of Conference. 
Conference report on H.R. 22. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Rept. 114–357). Ordered to be printed. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3016. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; with amendments (Rept. 114– 358). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 542. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-
ment accountability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the con-ference report to accompany the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves (Rept. 114–359). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself, 
Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and Mr. C OSTELLO  
of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 4138. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to recoup relocation ex-penses paid to or on behalf of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK ): 
H.R. 4139. A bill to amend the Sarbanes- 
Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary ex-emption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Ms. 
S
INEMA ): 
H.R. 4140. A bill to provide for a one-time 
supplementary payment to beneficiaries of Social Security and Veterans benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs, Transportation and Infrastructure, Appropriations, Energy and Commerce, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. 
M
EEHAN ): 
H.R. 4141. A bill to ensure that tax return 
preparers demonstrate minimum standards of competency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 4142. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to increase the authorization of funds for trade adjustment assistance for firms; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 4143. A bill to temporarily restrict the 
admission to the United States of refugees from countries containing terrorist-con-trolled territory; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. 
M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 4144. A bill to provide for a supple-
mentary payment to Social Security bene-ficiaries, supplemental security income beneficiaries, and recipients of veterans ben-efits, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 4145. A bill to require the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct a study of, and report to the Congress on, se-cure gun storage or safety devices; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 4146. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Education to provide grants for education programs on the history of the treatment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 4147. A bill to apologize for the treat-
ment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , 
and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 4148. A bill to authorize assistance to 
aid in the prevention and treatment of ob-stetric fistula in foreign countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H.R. 4149. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act with respect to citizen suits and the specification of disposal sites, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Mr. 
W
ENSTRUP ): 
H.R. 4150. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to allow the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to modify the hours of employ-ment of physicians and physician assistants employed on a full-time basis by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 4151. A bill to amend chapter 2003 of 
title 54, United States Code, to fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund and pro-vide for the use of such funds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. 
D
EUTCH , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. Z ELDIN ): 
H. Con. Res. 100. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of the Congress regarding the right of States and local governments to maintain economic sanctions against Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Ms. L
O-
RETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
MILLER of Florida, Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. D UNCAN  
of Tennessee, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. K ING 
of Iowa, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and 
Mr. A DERHOLT ): 
H. Res. 543. A resolution celebrating 135 
years of diplomatic relations between the United States and Romania; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B ENISHEK , and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK ): 
H. Res. 544. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President should submit any binding and universal agreement on climate change adopted at the Conference of the Parties (‘‘COP21’’) of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01DE7.000 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8860 December 1, 2015 
as a treaty under article II, section 2, clause 
2 of the Constitution; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
157. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 548, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 4138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. SINEMA: 
H.R. 4139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 4140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—The Con-
gress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested by this constitu-tion in the govenunent of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 4141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 4142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 4143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: 
H.R. 4144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 4145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to: 
U.S. Const. Art. I §1. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 4146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 4147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, Clause 2: Each House 
may determine the rules of its proceedings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 4148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which reads: 
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with In-dian Tribes 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H.R. 4149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 4150. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 4151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 158: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 188: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 472: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 503: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 540: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 551: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 646: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 686: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 775: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. 
SHUSTER . 
H.R. 800: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H.R. 816: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 855: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 865: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 879: Mrs. L OVEand Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana. 
H.R. 911: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 986: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 999: Mr. S CHRADER and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 1061: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. A GUILAR , 
and Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1076: Mr. D OLD, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. C OHEN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
NORCROSS , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1145: Mr. P ETERSON and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 1282: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 1283: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1288: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1454: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1519: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1571: Mrs. B EATTY and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1591: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. B LACK , Ms. 
KAPTUR , and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. G AR-
RETT . 
H.R. 1714: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1763: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T ONKO , 
and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1786: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1818: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 1945: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1988: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. S AN-
FORD . 
H.R. 2063: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2095: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 2215: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 2218: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois 
and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 2515: Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. K USTER , and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2540: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. 
RUSH. 
H.R. 2568: Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 2612: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2640: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2641: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 2671: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2672: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2673: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2674: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 2715: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
KILDEE . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 2811: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2894: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2900: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2903: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Indiana, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2980: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2982: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 3026: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3036: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3046: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01DE7.100 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8861 December 1, 2015 
H.R. 3061: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
DOGGETT , and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3238: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 3316: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M EEHAN , and 
Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
TROTT . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. F ATTAH and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 3355: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3399: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3426: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 3459: Mrs. L OVEand Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3539: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 3556: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 3565: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3569: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3591: Mr. D OLD and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 3626: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 3632: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 3638: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3640: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 3666: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3706: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 3722: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3741: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 3742: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. 
KAPTUR , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 3764: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 3765: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 3784: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 3802: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 3808: Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. B UCK, 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. KILDEE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. 
POMPEO . 
H.R. 3841: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia. 
H.R. 3845: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 3848: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 3863: Mr. S ANFORD and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3878: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3917: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 3919: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 4000: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. G UTHRIE , and 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 4007: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 4008: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 4018: Mr. D IAZ-BALART and Mrs. 
BLACKBURN . 
H.R. 4029: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 4032: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
POSEY , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 4055: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. Pascrell. 
H.R. 4062: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 4068: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE. 
H.R. 4078: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 4085: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 4087: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 4126: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 4135: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and 
Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H. J. Res. 22: Mr. P AYNE and Mr. 
DESAULNIER . 
H. J. Res. 47: Mr. H UFFMAN . H. J. Res. 74: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California. 
H. Res. 12: Mrs. L OVE. 
H. Res. 32: Ms. E STY. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. R OYCE , Mrs. L OVE, and Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama. 
H. Res. 318: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H. Res. 398: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H. Res. 467: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia 
and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H. Res. 508: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 534: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
BEYER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G RAVES of Lou-
isiana, and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H. Res. 535: Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 537: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H. Res. 540: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. S ERRANO , 
and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. UPTON  
The Manager’s amendment to be offered to 
H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, by Representative Upton Michigan, or a designee, does not con-tain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. KLINE 
The Conference Report to the bill S. 1177 
does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.054 H01DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8197 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 2015 No. 173 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. God of grace and glory, on Your peo-
ple place Your power. As we turn our hands and hearts in grateful praise to You, use us for Your glory. 
Touch our Senators. Lift them from 
valleys of pessimism as You fill them with Your abiding hope. Prepare them to receive Your best gifts, helping them to remember that You are able to do more than they can ask for or imag-ine. 
Thank You that You are the beginner 
of our yesterdays, the mystery of our today, and the hope for our tomorrows. 
We pray in Your sovereign Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTH-
CARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
when Washington Democrats passed ObamaCare over the objections of the American people, they were confident Americans would soon warm up to this new law, but more than 5 years later, the American people continue to op-
pose this unprecedented Democratic attack on their health care. Is it any wonder? When Americans think ObamaCare, they think increased costs, runaway premiums, surging deductibles, and tax hikes on the mid-dle class. When Americans think ObamaCare, they think decreased choice, fewer doctors, far-away hos-pitals, and a frightening scarcity of op-tions for too many when they get sick. When Americans think ObamaCare, they think broken promises and end-less failure, imploding State-based ex-changes, collapsing co-ops, insurers eyeing the exit door, fewer jobs, and the lie of the year: If you like your health care plan, you can keep it. It is not as though ObamaCare’s structural failures are just going to go away. They are baked right into the law. They only seem to get worse as time moves along. 
Just as we have seen costs rise, 
choices narrow, and failures mount, we have seen congressional Democrats block attempts to start over with real health care reform. Well, this week we finally have a chance to vote to end ObamaCare’s cycle of broken promises and failures with just 51 votes. This week we will take up the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015 that already passed the House of Representatives. It is a bill that will take the first steps necessary to build a bridge away from ObamaCare. By building upon the House’s good work, this bill will also save billions in spending and eliminate more than a $1 trillion tax burden on the American people. 
By employing the same tactics 
Democrats used to help get ObamaCare across the finish line, this bill will not be subject to a filibuster. In other words, it cannot be blocked by defend-ers of ObamaCare’s failed status quo. In other words, the President cannot be shielded from the weighty decision he will finally have to make when this measure lands right on his desk. When 
the President picks up his pen, he will have a real choice to make. He may de-cide to stick to his rhetoric that the law is working better than even he in-tended and veto the bill, but he should instead decide to finally stand with the middle class that has suffered enough from this failed law and actually sign it. We will see. It is a choice the Presi-dent has never faced before. It is a choice he is going to face after Senate action this week. 
f 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE NEW 
SENATE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter, the new Republican Senate has been working hard to get Congress back to work over the past year. We have obviously had a lot of success. As I noted yesterday, the new Republican Senate will soon pass two very significant bipartisan bills for a second and final time: the bipartisan multiyear highway bill and the bipar-tisan replacement for No Child Left Be-hind. We will send them to the Presi-dent for his signature. 
These are the latest examples of a 
new Congress that is back to work on behalf of the American people. They 
are hardly the only examples we will be talking about. Take another important issue that languished for too long but passed the new Senate: cyber security. By a vote of 74 to 21, we ended years of Senate inaction on this issue by pass-ing an important bipartisan cyber se-curity bill that even the White House has endorsed. That bill was the product of a lot of hard work by the top Repub-lican and the top Democrat on the In-telligence Committee. I am glad that the new, more open, and more inclusive Republican Senate made their coopera-tion possible because even though the old forces of gridlock tried to trip that bill up several times along the way, we kept moving forward, and we always knew we were doing the right thing for the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.000 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8198 December 1, 2015 
My hope is that we can ultimately 
get this bill into conference and send it to the President closer to its current form because the challenges posed by cyber attacks are real and they are growing. A cyber attack can be a deep-ly invasive attack on personal privacy. The voluntary information sharing provisions in the bill we passed are key to defeating cyber attacks and pro-tecting the personal information of the people we represent. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
CYBER SECURITY 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend 
the Republican leader talked about the old forces of gridlock when he talked about cyber security. He and his cau-cus were those old forces of gridlock. We tried for 5 years to pass a cyber se-curity bill; it was filibustered every time. The bills, quite frankly, that were filibustered were very strong, good, in-depth bills. We passed a cyber security bill—better than nothing, but that is about it. It was not really a re-soundingly good effort to go after the problems we are having with cyber se-curity, but we finally got it done be-cause the problems on the Republican side disappeared. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend 
the Republican leader has an obsession with the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare. He cannot give up on this obsession. The share of Americans without insurance is at the lowest point in history. And one need look no further than renowned Republican—Re-publican—columnist of the New York Times, David Brooks. Here is what he wrote. I am sorry to take so much time reading something that was written by this man who is a Republican col-umnist for the New York Times. Here is what he said. Regardless of what the Republican leader may claim, the Af-fordable Care Act continues to work. It is increasing quality health care cov-erage and improving care, and there is no question about that. Brooks noted that health care costs are rising at the lowest rate in years. He said: 
The good news is that recently health care 
inflation has been at historic lows. As Jason Furman, the chairman of President Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers, put it in a speech to the Hamilton Project last month, ‘‘Health care prices have grown at an annual rate of 1.6 percent since the Affordable Care Act was enacted in March 2010, the slowest rate for such a period in five decades— 
Fifty years— 
and those prices have grown at an even slow-er 1.1 percent rate over the 12 months ending in August 2015.’’ 
As a result of the slowdown in health care 
inflation, the Congressional Budget Office keeps reducing its projections of the future 
cost of federal health programs like Medi-care. As of October, projections for federal health care spending in the year 2020 were $175 billion lower than projections made in August 2010. That would be a huge budget improvement. 
‘‘Historic lows’’ and hundreds of bil-
lions of dollars saved by the Federal Government tell me that ObamaCare is working. 
Enough of this haranguing about 
ObamaCare from my Republican friend. One need only go home and people come up to you and say: You know, ObamaCare is so good. 
My daughter, who could never get 
health insurance because she was a dia-betic—now she can get it. No one with a preexisting disability can be denied insurance. Young men and women struggling to finish their college edu-cation can stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. That is important. That is part of ObamaCare. Community health centers around this country are booming. Why? Because of the Affordable Care Act, we put $11 bil-lion in there to provide for those essen-tial community health centers. 
I will have more to say about this be-
cause I am sure the Republican leader is going to come and talk about what a great victory it was on this reconcili-ation, which is an anomaly that we face every year. They are passing something that is just to satisfy the haranguing about ObamaCare. It means nothing substantively. It will pass and go to the President. He will veto it in about 10 seconds, and, of course, the veto will certainly be sus-tained. 
Even in Kentucky—here is what one 
article said in Kentucky: 
In a state of 4.4 million people, 500,000 peo-
ple gained coverage because of [ObamaCare in that State]—4 in 5 through Medicaid. The effects were particularly dramatic in one Ap-palachian county, where many coal jobs have vanished and the poverty rate is 23 percent. From 2013 to 2014, the proportion of residents lacking health coverage plummeted by half— from 13 percent to 6.6 percent. 
Half a million Kentuckians are using 
the Affordable Care Act. That is more than 10 percent of the State’s popu-lation. 
There are all kinds of personal ac-
counts of how this has literally saved people’s lives. One account is of an un-insured mother and daughter. This is from a news article: 
Amid the coal fields of eastern Kentucky, 
a small clinic that is part of the Big Sandy Health Care network furnishes daily proof of this state’s full embrace of the Affordable Care Act. 
It was here that Mindy Fleming handed a 
wad of tissues to Tiffany Coleman when she arrived, sleepless and frantic, with no health insurance and a daughter suffering a 103- fever and mysterious pain. ‘‘It will be all right,’’ Fleming assured her, and it was. An hour later, Coleman had a WellCare card that paid for hospital tests, which found that 4-year-old Alexsis had an unusual bladder problem. 
Quoting another Washington Post 
story: [Dennis Blackburn] has a hereditary liver 
disorder, numbness in his hands and legs, back pain from folding his 6-foot-1-inch frame into 29-inch mine shafts as a young man, plus an abnormal heart rhythm—the likely vestige of having been struck by light-ning 15 years ago in his tin-roofed farm-house. 
Blackburn was making small payments on 
an MRI he’d gotten at Pikeville Medical Cen-ter, the only hospital in a 150-mile radius, when he heard about Big Sandy’s Shelby Valley Clinic. There he met Fleming, who helped him sign up for one of the managed- care Medicaid plans available in Kentucky. 
So the facts never seem to get in the 
way of my Republican friend when it comes to ObamaCare—anything he could do to denigrate this system that is helping 17 million people. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, one need 
only watch the news to see how our Na-tion is facing threats abroad. We are doing the best we can, but as the world grows more dangerous, Senate Repub-licans continue to block and obstruct the President’s national security. They are blocking the very people who could help us respond to these threats. 
Take, for instance—for week after 
week after week—Azita Raji, who has been nominated to be our Ambassador to Sweden. Nearly 300 Swedish citizens have left to fight in Syria or Iraq, mak-ing this nation the second largest country of origin per capita for foreign fighters in Europe. The Swedish Gov-ernment is on heightened alert for an attack. Yet the United States doesn’t have a Senate-confirmed Ambassador to represent us in Stockholm. 
Similar to Sweden, Norway is also 
dealing with the growing threat of ter-ror, and some of their citizens have joined the radical ranks of foreign fighters, but due to Republican ob-struction, our Nation does not have a confirmed Ambassador in Norway. 
Sam Heins, a Minnesota attorney 
nominated by President Obama, has been pending on the floor since July. We are now in December. So I person-ally applaud the Presiding Officer today for finally removing the holds on these two good people. I appreciate it very much. He and others have held up these nominees, and it is unfortunate. It is gone. I am pleased. In the wake of the Paris attacks and threats across the continent, it is imperative that we have Ambassadors working with Euro-pean governments at the highest lev-els. 
Perhaps the most egregious example 
of Republican obstruction is the nomi-nation of Adam Szubin. This man would lead—if he were approved in the Senate—a team within the Department of State that disrupts terrorist financ-ing networks, cutting off money for terrorists so they cannot finance their attacks. Hand in hand, they work with the Treasury Department. You would think that such an important nominee would be quickly confirmed, but Mr. Szubin’s nomination has been pending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.003 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8199 December 1, 2015 
for more than 200 days. Remember 
what he does—remember what he would like to do, I should say. He would lead a team that disrupts ter-rorist financing networks, cutting off money for terrorists so they can’t fi-nance their own evil deeds. 
The chairman of the banking com-
mittee, the senior Senator from Ala-bama, has previously called this posi-tion ‘‘a vital position in the effort to combat terrorist financing,’’ but in spite of this, the committee on banking continues to block Szubin, despite his qualifications. I am sorely dis-appointed so many Republican Sen-ators have decided that scoring polit-ical points is more important than con-firming these national security nomi-nations. 
Two weeks ago, I asked the senior 
Senator from Iowa to put an end to his partisan investigation of Secretary Clinton. For months, the senior Sen-ator blocked more than 20 Foreign Service promotions. In fact, for a day it was some 600 nominations, just sim-ply people who were in the Foreign Service who were entitled by law to a promotion. Well, he blocked these peo-ple for a long time, talking about how he wanted more documents from the State Department. I told the senior Senator that I thought it was a mis-take to target career promotions, so I was surprised, happily so, when he ap-peared to change course and allow these good public servants to get the promotions they earned and deserved. 
Unfortunately, though, just as he 
took one step forward, he immediately took another step back. Although he allowed the list of 20 Foreign Service promotions to proceed, he doubled down on his obstruction by placing a hold on Tom Shannon, President Obama’s nominee to serve as Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, an extremely important position that is not filled now. Ambassador Shannon is a career member of the Foreign Service, with more than 30 years of ex-perience. He served as our Nation’s Ambassador to Brazil, he worked on the National Security Council in the last Bush administration, and his expe-rience will help the State Department strategy in combatting ISIS, but he can’t do that because we were not able to approve him because of the holds. 
The Senator from Iowa continues to 
block other important nominees, such as David Robinson to be Assistant Sec-retary of State in the Bureau of Con-flict and Stabilization. He is a 30-year veteran of the Foreign Service. This is a man who has served the Nation in Af-ghanistan, Bosnia, and many other places around the world. 
Brian Egan has been nominated to be 
the State Department Legal Advisor, their lawyer. He has been a senior member of the legal team in the State Department, Treasury, and the Na-tional Security Council at the White House, but he has been held up since June without a vote, all because of Re-publican obstructionism. Remember, it would be nice if the 
State Department had a lawyer, but as the senior Senator from Iowa will tell you, he has nothing against Tom Shan-non, David Robinson or Brian Egan. Senator G
RASSLEY has expressed no 
substantive objections to these nomi-nees or questions about their capabili-ties. Senator G
RASSLEY is blocking 
these important nominations for the sake of his committee’s political cru-sade against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton—who as we all know is running for President. This good woman scares Republicans because she will likely win. It is all part of the dis-turbing trend of the Judiciary Com-mittee to politicize the oversight proc-ess. 
It appears the constitutional duties 
of the Senate are taking a backseat to a political hit job on a Democratic can-didate for President. Just look at what he and his committee are doing; that is, the chairman and his committee. They are requesting transcribed inter-
views from the Clinton staff. They have asked for timesheets. The committee investigation has gone so far as to ask for the maternity leave records of one of Secretary Clinton’s closest aides, Huma Abedin. It appears that until the senior Senator from Iowa gets the ma-ternity leave records he has requested and everything else he has requested, he is going to continue to block State Department nominees. I am dis-appointed my friend from Iowa refuses to do what I believe is the right thing. He should drop these unwarranted holds. I am disappointed he continues— under the guise of oversight—his anti- Hillary Clinton crusade, which is hurt-ing American security. Each day this investigation continues, we can see what a waste of taxpayer resources this has become. 
Last month, when given the oppor-
tunity, my friend from Iowa refused to address the significant amount of re-sources his committee is spending to investigate Secretary Clinton. Why? If he is so confident of the work his com-mittee is doing, why not readily ac-knowledge the amount of taxpayer re-sources that are being used? But aside from the wasting of taxpayer dollars, I am troubled by the way his committee staff is operating. The press reports have suggested the Republican Judici-ary Committee staffers are selectively leaking confidential information. For example, in September, the State De-partment gave the committee informa-tion that Senator G
RASSLEY requested, 
with specific instructions that the doc-uments remain confidential. That is because the information shared with the Judiciary Committee contains sen-sitive information or other personal in-formation from State Department em-ployees. Included in the State Depart-ment’s response to Senator G
RASSLEY  
was a big warning in bold capital let-ters across the page—in very large bold letters: ‘‘US DEPARTMENT OF STATE PRODUCTION TO THE SEN-ATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE ONLY; NOT AUTHORIZED FOR PUBLIC RE-
LEASE.’’ 
The email reproductions from the 
State Department also contained a wa-termark in red capital letters saying the emails were not for public release. It was across the entirety of that docu-ment. It had the watermark and the large bold letters. 
Within 24 hours, that information 
was public and reporters began calling with questions. Within 48 hours, stories were published based on the emails given to the Judiciary Committee that falsely created the appearance of im-propriety by Ms. Abedin—and I mean false. A reporter forwarded the water-mark emails meant only for the Judici-ary Committee to her and to her legal team for comment. How did the re-porter get documents that were solely in the possession of the Judiciary Com-mittee staff? 
As I have said before, Ms. Abedin is 
an American success story. She has reached the highest levels of politics, as an aide to Secretary Clinton for dec-ades, through her hard work and loy-alty. Senator J
OHN MCCAINsaid that 
Ms. Abedin is ‘‘an honorable woman, a dedicated American, and a loyal public servant.’’ She doesn’t deserve the treatment that has come from the Ju-diciary Committee. Republican inves-tigators on that committee cannot stop their fixation on Ms. Abedin, even going so far to request her maternity leave records. As a result, her personal 
information, including Social Security number and payroll records, has been given to the press. 
Violating the privacy of hard-work-
ing staff members—and in particular a staff member—to score political points against Secretary Clinton is unbecom-ing of the world’s greatest deliberative body. The Senate has been through dif-ficult times in the past when confiden-tial information has been leaked. Sen-ator G
RASSLEY and I were both here in 
the 1990s when then-Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell came to the floor to address this disturbing trend. He said: 
The unilateral decision by a Member or 
employee to release confidential committee information is inconsistent with the Sen-ate’s practice of making such decisions open-ly and collaboratively. Arrogation of this re-sponsibility by individuals can destroy mu-tual trust among Members and be harmful to this institution. 
That is an understatement. Senator 
Mitchell’s quote gets to the heart of the matter. Leaking information un-dermines the institution of the Senate and the trust between its Members. In the Republican fervor to target Sec-retary Clinton over Benghazi, we should not lose sight of the rules that govern our behavior in the Senate. The Benghazi report on her is now over $5 million. It is wrong to target a former Clinton aide with invasive requests about her maternity leave and pass her personal information on to members of the press. 
It is wrong to politicize the legiti-
mate oversight role of Congress ahead 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.004 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8200 December 1, 2015 
of the 2016 Presidential election. Sadly, 
the improper disclosure of sensitive materials related to Secretary Clin-ton’s aides only demonstrates the un-derlying political position of the Judi-ciary Committee’s oversight. Going forward, I hope my Republican col-leagues will exercise greater restraint in the relentless pursuit of Secretary Clinton, but, more importantly, I hope Senate Republicans take their con-stitutional responsibility more seri-ously to offer their advice and consent on the Presidential nominees. I hope they take them very seriously. It is shameful that the Republicans are blocking critical, national security nominees for political purposes. I would ask them to please change course because the American people are watching. 
f 
ROSA PARKS AND MONTGOMERY 
BUS BOYCOTT ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, 60 years ago 
today Rosa Parks boarded a city bus in Montgomery, AL. She had worked hard all day. She was riding a bus. She was asked to give up her seat by the bus-driver, who was a White man. She was sick of having to give up her seat and she was tired, but she refused to give up her seat, so she was arrested. 
On that day at that moment of cour-
age, Rosa Parks sparked a movement that would end the legal segregation of public transportation, the Montgomery Bus Boycott. That boycott lasted from December 5, 1955, to December 20, 1956—almost 1 year, becoming the first large-scale demonstration against seg-regation in our country’s history. The Supreme Court ultimately ordered Montgomery to integrate its public bus transportation system. 
Rosa Parks went on to become a pil-
lar of the civil rights movement, a life-long freedom fighter who changed the course of history. 
In 2013, a bronze statue of Ms. Parks 
was unveiled in Statuary Hall in the Capitol. In the decades since Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on that bus, our Nation has made tremen-dous progress in the defense of civil rights for all Americans, but we have much more to do. Today, 60 years after Rosa Parks took a stand for equality, 
the fight for equal justice rages on. Just like Rosa Parks, many Americans across this country are very upset with the status quo, and they are taking a stand against injustice and discrimina-tion. 
As we remember the valiant actions 
of Rosa Parks, may we be inspired by her character and her determination. May we follow her example and con-tinue the work of the civil rights move-ment. 
Mr. President, what do we have the 
rest of the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The Senator from Georgia. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THOMAS G. COUSINS 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, last 
Thursday was Thanksgiving in Amer-ica. Like every Member of the Senate and every American, I paused to give thanks for the many blessings we have in the country, the blessings I have as a father and grandfather, and the bless-ings we enjoy from all those who serve in harm’s way around the world who keep us safe and in peace. 
I also took a second to participate in 
some charitable activities for those less fortunate and, in doing so, stopped to pause and give thanks for those peo-ple who on the day of Thanksgiving were giving of their time and their money to make the lives of those less fortunate better. 
One of the people in my State I want 
to talk about who has done exactly that for five decades is a man by the name of Thomas G. Cousins, a real es-tate developer greatly renowned in At-lanta and, really, around the world, and who amassed millions and millions of dollars in the Cousins Foundation and invested that money in trying to solve the problems of poverty, crime, unemployment, and health care. 
Thomas G. Cousins founded the Cous-
ins Foundation to see to it that At-lanta, GA, and the State of Georgia were a better State. But he became frustrated. He recognized that of the 72 million children in the United States of America, 40 percent of them lived in poverty. He became frustrated because he found that isolated neighborhoods of concentrated poverty created unem-ployment, poor performance by stu-dents, and greater crime rates in the city of Atlanta. Worst of all, he found that the entrepreneurial gifts of char-ity trying to alleviate these problems often got consumed but never made a fundamental change. He thought it was time for his charitable money to be-come entrepreneurial, not just a give-away. So in the decade of 1990, Tom Cousins decided to do something about making the Cousins Foundation invest-ment make a meaningful difference in the lives of Americans around the country. He did exactly that. 
He heard Dr. Todd Clear, a professor 
at Rutgers University, give a speech in New York City, where he had done re-search on the prison population of the State of New York and researched where they came from to find, amaz-ingly, that three out of every four pris-oners in the New York State prison system came out of eight neighbor-hoods in New York City. Concentrated poverty created concentrated crime and concentrated criminals. There was a never-ending cycle of crime, poverty, 
and poor educational performance in those neighborhoods. 
So Tom Cousins decided that, instead 
of giving his money away in small, in-cremental bits to make a minor dif-ference, he would become a charitable entrepreneur. He would go to a neigh-borhood of concentrated crime and pov-erty and try to make a meaningful dif-ference. He found a neighborhood called East Lake Meadows in the 1990s in Atlanta, GA. It was the home of Bobby Jones and Charlie Yates, famous golfers of the 1920s, but had gone to seed, was dilapidated, and became a neighborhood of crime. In fact, it had become known as the Little Vietnam of Georgia. Police would not enter the area because of the crime rate. Drew Elementary School was the worst per-forming elementary school in the State of Georgia. 
Tom Cousins came to the State board 
of education—and I know this because I was the chairman—and asked us to go to the city of Atlanta to get them to issue a charter for Drew Elementary School and a 99-year lease to the Cous-ins Foundation. Tom Cousins went in and built a new Drew Elementary School, hired Georgia State University to bring in a professor to be the prin-cipal there and manage the education of those children. Drew Elementary School went from being one of the worst performing schools in the State of Georgia to one of the best. 
But he didn’t stop with the school. 
He improved the neighborhood. He im-proved the facilities. He built a YMCA. He took a holistic approach to East Lake Meadows and turned it into a shining city once again in the State of Georgia. But he didn’t do it just be-cause he gave money. He did it because he invested his money in the lives of these people. 
I will give some idea of the changes 
made in East Lake Meadows and Drew Elementary School. Drew Elementary went from 5 percent of its fifth graders reading and performing in math levels where they should, to where 90 percent of the fifth graders exceeded the math standards of the State of Georgia. Where the median income of the fami-lies in East Lake Meadows was $4,536 when Tom Cousins went in, 15 years later it was $17,260. There was a 90-per-cent reduction in the crime rate, to the point where it was 50 percent lower than the city’s overall crime rate. He transformed the neighborhood because he invested his money entrepreneurially in trying to solve the problems and the poverty of these peo-ple. 
He went to Warren Buffett, a leading 
entrepreneur of America, and formed a new organization called Purpose Built Communities, which is based on three fundamental discoveries they made at East Lake Meadows. No. 1, it can be done. How many times have people walked by declining neighborhoods of poverty, crime, and failing schools, and said: There is nothing we can do; we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.005 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8201 December 1, 2015 
cannot solve that problem. Tom Cous-
ins proved that any problem, no matter how great, is solvable if you are willing to dedicate yourself to doing so. 
Second, it takes a holistic approach— 
not just schools, not just playgrounds, not just housing, not just jobs but ev-erything. The transformation of East 
Lake Meadows was a holistic approach for the entire community. Lastly, mixed-income housing was important to bring employed people back into the neighborhood. So they had mixed-use housing all throughout East Lake Meadows. 
The result was a purpose-built com-
munity that is now home to the PGA FedEx Championship, a restored East Lake Golf Club, and a community that is proud of itself and one of the shining stars of the city of Atlanta. 
Because a man with purpose, Thomas 
G. Cousins, invested his money, public purpose-built communities are now all over the country being started as ren-ovation projects in Indianapolis, New Orleans, and in cities around the United States of America. 
So we should all pause to give thanks 
for those who have done so much to make our States and our country bet-ter. I pause to thank Thomas G. Cous-ins for the great investment he made in the city of Atlanta, the children of our State, and the United States of Amer-ica. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this 
week the Republican-led Senate will keep a promise we made to the Amer-ican people. If they entrusted us with the leadership and the majority in the last election, we told them we would vote to repeal ObamaCare—the largest Federal overreach in recent history. It has been disastrous to thousands, if not millions, of people. 
Unfortunately, the President’s ill-ad-
vised health care law and the partisan push that made it law came with a lot of burdensome regulations. Both the law and those regulations have hobbled the American economy because they simply added additional burdens onto the small businesses that we depend upon to create the jobs so people can find work and provide for their fami-lies. It has hobbled those small busi-nesses by burdening them with unman-ageable costs, and it has failed the American people at every turn. When the President said ‘‘If you like 
what you have you can keep it,’’ that was not true. Millions of Americans lost their preferred health insurance providers and the doctors who accepted that coverage. Instead of providing people with more affordable access to health care, millions of people faced higher premiums and higher deductibles. For all practical matters, the higher deductibles that come along with most ObamaCare health care poli-cies make millions of Americans effec-tively self-insured. 
More than 5 years after it became 
law, it is no surprise that a recent poll found that only 37 percent of the re-spondents approved of ObamaCare. ObamaCare is a textbook example of how bigger government does not nec-essarily lead to more choices or real so-lutions. Indeed, what it demonstrates is that it can lead to higher costs, inef-ficient health care delivery, and mil-lions of Americans being let down by a system that was a partisan vote here in the Senate. 
I remember being here on Christmas 
Eve in 2009 at 7 o’clock in the morning when Senate Democrats pushed through the ObamaCare legislation in the Senate. Again, without any sort of bipartisan commitment to actually im-prove health care choices and make health care more affordable for the American people, it was purely a par-tisan undertaking. 
This bill that we are voting on to re-
peal ObamaCare will not only provide relief and more choices and the oppor-tunity for the market to give people the health care they want at a price they can afford, but it also represents keeping a promise we made to the American people that we would deliver on if they gave us the majority. We will do that this week. 
f 
HUMANE ACT 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, there is 
another subject I want to raise because it is a matter of great concern. It is not only because I come from Texas and we see thousands and thousands of unac-companied minor children continuing to cross our border, but you will recall in the summer of 2014, I believe the President himself talked about the hu-manitarian crisis as a result of the thousands and thousands of unaccom-panied children—some with a single parent—who were streaming across the border in an overload of the capacity of local communities in the Rio Grande Valley and elsewhere to be able to deal with these children in a humane and acceptable sort of way. 
While the memory here in Wash-
ington, DC, may have faded about this humanitarian crisis, I can tell you that most Texans remember it vividly. The picture was stark: tens of thousands of unaccompanied children coming from Central American countries that had set out to cross Mexico and to cross the border into the United States. Vir-tually all of these children had seen their lives placed in the hands of vio-
lent criminals to get here. To say the journey was a perilous one is a gross understatement. 
We recently had a hearing of the 
international drug enforcement caucus in the Senate. I asked one of the wit-nesses: Isn’t it the case that the same criminal organizations that smuggle people into the United States for eco-nomic reasons are the same people who smuggle children for human trafficking purposes, that these are the same peo-ple and the same organizations that smuggle illegal drugs and perhaps dan-gerous and other hazardous materials into the United States? Without hesi-tation, the witness said yes. 
It may have been some bygone era 
when an individual coyote, as we call them in South Texas, smuggled people in for the fee they could charge, but now this is big business. This is a busi-ness model that is being exploited day in and day out by the transnational criminal organizations, but that all seems to be lost on the administration. 
I saw how this tragedy was unfolding 
firsthand in McAllen where I visited these children who made the journey— sometimes alone—only to end up here in this country by themselves, looking for a friendly face or somebody who might help them. It was heartbreaking to see young children without their parents and extremely heartbreaking to hear the horrific stories about the trips they made. Again, coming from Central America, across Mexico, per-haps on the back of a train they called The Beast, physically assaulted, some murdered and many robbed and other-wise mistreated. 
The pressing question in that sum-
mer of 2014 was, Why now and why here? Why was all of this happening? How could we stem the tide of this seemingly endless migration of unac-companied children from Central America? 
You don’t have to look much further 
than the President’s own Department of Homeland Security. One internal memo analyzing the surge of child and female migrants flooding the south-west border stated: ‘‘The main reason the subjects chose this particular time to migrate to the United States was to take advantage of the ‘new’ U.S. ‘Law’ that grants a ‘free pass’ or permit.’’ I think they call them permisos in Span-ish. In other words, they came here be-cause of the widespread perception that these unaccompanied children and women traveling with children would be allowed to stay here in defiance of our immigration laws, even after they crossed the border illegally. 
A similar study by the Department of 
Homeland Security’s Office of Science and Technology Directorate concluded that the unaccompanied minors ‘‘are aware of the relative lack of con-sequences they will receive when ap-prehended at the U.S. border.’’ Appar-ently, at the time, these minors and their parents believed there would be no or little consequence to illegally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.007 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8202 December 1, 2015 
coming into the United States, and 
tragically, sadly, they were right. 
In the wake of that crisis last sum-
mer, it became clear that the Presi-dent’s failed immigration policies, in-cluding his deferred action program and his overall lack of seriousness when it came to immigration enforce-ment, played a role in inducing thou-sands of families to risk their lives to travel to the United States. 
Until recently, we had perhaps been 
lulled into the misconception that this flood of migrants had stopped. But over the weekend, I was startled by news re-ports—perhaps I shouldn’t have been surprised but I was—that suggest this downward trend has started to reverse and in a big way. According to these reports, smugglers were again bringing hundreds of women and children into the United States across the Rio Grande. 
One from the New York Times noted 
that according to official data, ‘‘border Patrol apprehensions of migrant fami-lies . . . have increased 150 percent’’ from last year. The number of unac-companied children has more than dou-bled. 
The bottom line is that, clearly, 
there is virtually nothing being done to deter these children and their families from illegally crossing the border and little or no consequences when they do. 
I have to point out that the adminis-
tration has done virtually nothing to make sure these children are not ex-posed to the same criminal organiza-tions operating in this country. In fact, current law requires these children to be released by the Department of Health and Human Services to sponsors without any assurance or systemic pro-tections that they are being sent to a safe environment. There are no crimi-nal background checks. They are not required to be actual family members, and they could well be some extension of the same criminal organizations that smuggled them into the United States in the first place. 
It is shocking to me that the Senate 
would not be moved to act on this be-cause, of course, we passed a large anti- human trafficking law this last spring with a 99-to-0 vote. But to sit quietly while these children continue to stream across our border and are placed in the hands of potentially dan-gerous individuals is unacceptable. 
Earlier this year, four individuals 
were indicted for their involvement in a trafficking ring that smuggled unac-companied Guatemalan children into the country and forced them into slave labor at a farm in Ohio. These children were not only forced to work long hours, but they were abused and threatened and exploited. Many of them could have been spared if the Federal Government and Health and Human Services had an adequate sys-tem for screening and vetting the spon-sors of these unaccompanied minors. 
We have to do a better job of pro-
tecting these children, which is why I recently joined a letter with the chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-
mittee demanding answers from the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Health and Human Services. 
It is clear that the Federal Govern-
ment needs to step up and create a more effective review process before re-leasing these children to strangers and perhaps criminals. Our government has a duty to protect them once they are here and to ensure that they are no 
longer preyed upon by criminals and human traffickers. 
Given the administration’s inability 
to deter illegal immigration and the Federal Government’s failure to deal with them reasonably, rationally, and humanely when they get here, we have every reason to believe that illegal im-migration surges of this nature will continue and will grow until we reform this system. That is why I intend to in-troduce a piece of legislation called the HUMANE Act, which will reform the system to end the practice of auto-matic catch-and-release to nongovern-mental sponsors. It would enhance the screening of these children to deter-mine if they are victims of crime or in need of some specialized care. It will make sure they get a swift and fair court determination on whether or not they are eligible for any protected sta-tus under our immigration laws. 
The HUMANE Act would also help 
ensure that if these children are in need of humanitarian assistance, they will never be released to sex offenders, criminals, or others who will seek to harm them. Of course, preventing these surges is not just a humanitarian issue; it is a national security issue as well. By tying up our law enforcement, cus-toms, and other security officials with humanitarian care obligations, the car-tels and other transnational criminal organizations create an environment where it is much easier to traffic drugs, weapons, and other contraband. 
We know there are increasing ties be-
tween terrorist organizations and drug cartels, so the threat that they will work together to exploit another hu-manitarian crisis is very real. For in-stance, last year before the Senate Armed Services Committee, SOUTHCOM’s commander, John Kelly, stated that he was ‘‘troubled by the fi-nancial and operational overlap be-tween criminal and terrorist networks in the [Central American] region.’’ 
He went on to say: ‘‘Although the ex-
tent of criminal-terrorist cooperation is unclear, what is clear is that terror-ists and militant organizations easily tap into the international illicit mar-ketplace to underwrite their activities and obtain arms and funding to con-duct operations.’’ 
I am not just talking about economic 
migrants. I am talking about immi-grants from around the world who can potentially get through our southern border virtually at will. I am talking about transnational criminal organiza-tions determined to spread violence and import narcotics into the United States. I hope the administration will take 
these most recent reports seriously, be-fore we experience once again the hor-rifying humanitarian disaster we expe-rienced in 2014. But nothing short of real improvements to border security and our laws will work. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
f 
BURUNDI 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to 
call for urgent action to prevent wide-spread violence and mass atrocities in Burundi. Let us not allow Burundi to become the next Rwanda or Darfur. We are at a critical juncture. I call upon the Burundian Government and opposi-tion to respect the spirit of the 2000 Arusha agreement and immediately stop all violence, disarm militias, in-cluding youth militia aligned with the government, and urge all legitimate stakeholders to agree to participate in an inclusive dialogue to determine a path forward for their country. 
As my colleagues may know, the 
country has been in turmoil since April, when President Pierre Nkurunziza decided to run for a third term. His decision, which many feel violated the spirit of the very agree-ment that ended the Burundi 12-year civil war and the Burundian Constitu-tion itself, has led to widespread vio-lence. An attempted coup in May re-vealed an alarming split in the mili-tia’s military ranks, and I came to the floor in June to discuss my concern that the situation could escalate. Un-fortunately, I was correct. It has. At that time, 90,000 people had fled the country, and now there are over 200,000 refugees. In June, an estimated 21 peo-ple had died during the protest. The U.N. now estimates that nearly 250 peo-ple have been killed since April, some at the hands of the security forces and others in a series of tit-for-tat targeted assassinations and killings. 
The violence has taken on troubling 
overtones. Bodies of those who have been clearly victims of execution-style killings are found daily in the streets of Bujumbura, Burundi’s capital. The families of political opponents are now being targeted and killed. Government officials have been murdered. 
In November, Burundian officials en-
gaged in alarming rhetoric reminiscent of language used to incite and carry out the genocide in Rwanda. The gov-ernment was forced to issue a letter that claimed that the statements made by the President and the president of the senate were not intended to foment such actions. Intended or not, such comments are deeply disturbing. 
The international community has en-
gaged, but I fear our efforts may not be enough. I was very pleased to see the African Union Peace and the Security Council’s October 17 communique, which urged dialogue, called for de-ployment of additional human rights monitors, and threatened targeted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.041 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8203 December 1, 2015 
sanctions against those who contribute 
to the escalation of violence and act as spoilers to a political solution. It sent a strong message to all parties that continued violence will not be toler-ated and that an inclusive dialogue— one that includes the Burundian oppo-sition that has taken refuge outside the country—is the only way to restore stability. The United Nations Security Council took a much needed step by ap-proving a resolution in late November. The European Union has been forward leaning, imposing sanctions on govern-ment officials and requesting a dia-logue with the government to discuss the current situation under the provi-sions of the Cotonou Agreement re-lated to democracy and human rights. 
The United States has been actively 
engaged in preventive action and diplo-macy for some time. On November 23, President Obama issued an Executive order sanctioning four individuals whose actions have threatened the peace and security of Burundi. He also announced that as of January, Burundi will no longer be eligible for pref-erential trade benefits under the Afri-can Growth and Opportunity Act. Our Special Envoy for the Great Lakes, Tom Perriello, has been in the region numerous times. High-ranking offi-cials, including our United Nations Ambassador and the Secretary of State have raised Burundi with our inter-national partners on numerous occa-sions. Ambassador Power has traveled there herself, and I applaud the admin-istration’s consistent attention to the concerns of Burundi. 
However, the violence continues. We 
must redouble our efforts to support a political solution to this current crisis. Let me be clear. There is no substitute for a commitment by the Burundians themselves when it comes to finding a way forward. They themselves must choose the path of peace, but I firmly believe we, in cooperation with our international partners, can provide the right incentives for them to do that. We can take other meaningful actions in pursuit of an agreement. 
First, we must help the African 
Union to finalize contingency plans for an African-led mission to prevent wide-spread violence in the country. 
Second, I call upon the AU to con-
vene a meeting with special envoys from the United Nations, African Union, United States, European Union, and Belgium, as well as representatives from the East African community, to discuss coordination among donors, the United Nations, the AU, and the Secu-rity Council’s recommendations and to identify ways that the international actors can support the increased num-ber of human rights monitors and mili-tary observers authorized by the AU in October. 
Third, it is imperative that we help 
put in place mechanisms for account-ability for those who have engaged in extrajudicial killings during this pe-riod of time. Those who have com-mitted these atrocities must be held accountable. The international com-
munity must be firm about this. We cannot allow those who perpetrate these crimes to go unpunished. 
The United States has made a prom-
ise to actively prevent the commission of mass atrocities. As the unrest con-tinues, people are suffering in refugee camps or living in fear in their homes, afraid to go out. Violence is on the rise, the economy is in a downward spi-ral, and civil space is closed. Every day that goes by without a civil solution the probability of atrocities increases. Preventing widespread violence and mass atrocities is everyone’s business. Diplomatic engagement to prevent po-litical violence that has the potential to become ethnically based killing is exactly what we and the rest of the international community must focus on addressing. 
I submit to you that acting to pre-
vent this from happening is all of our collective business, and I urge contin-ued action to do so. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, 5 years 
ago, days after President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law, the senior Democratic Senator from New York went on ‘‘Meet the Press’’ to dis-cuss the bill. He told the host: ‘‘Well, I think as people learn about the bill, and now that the bill is enacted, it’s going to become more and more pop-ular.’’ I don’t need to tell anyone that never happened. 
Five years after ObamaCare was en-
acted, a majority of Americans dis-approved the law, and that is a pattern we have seen since the law’s passage. Why has the law failed to earn the sup-port Democrats predicted? For one simple reason: The law is just not working as President Obama promised it would. The Affordable Care Act was supposed to lower health care pre-miums. It didn’t. It was supposed to re-duce health care costs. It didn’t. It was supposed to protect the health care plans that Americans wanted to keep. It didn’t. The law was sold as a health care solution, but it turned out to be yet another health care problem. 
Five years after the law’s passage, 
here is where we are: Americans with job-based insurance are paying more for their health care, with the average employee seeing a $400 increase in his or her deductible since 2010. Small business employees have fared even worse, with average deductibles now close to $2,000. And Americans are pay-ing more for their premiums as well. An average annual premium contribu-tion for family coverage is currently 
$12,591, up from $9,773 in 2010. That is nearly $3,000 in additional premium costs or another $250 a month. For many families, that comes on top of an increase in their deductible. Mean-while, thousands of part-time workers have lost their job-based insurance thanks to ObamaCare mandates that encouraged several large employers to stop offering health benefits to part- time employees. 
The situation with the exchanges is 
no better. Exchange premiums will rise once again this year, with many Amer-icans facing rate increases in the dou-ble digits. 
Over the past few months, I have 
heard from numerous constituents wondering how they will be able to af-ford the massive premium increases they are facing. One constituent in Wessington, SD, wrote to tell me that her and her husband’s health care plan is going from $17,194 this year to a staggering $25,370 next year. That is an annual increase of more than $8,000. What family can afford an $8,000 in-crease in expenses from one year to the next? 
Another constituent of mine wrote to 
tell me this: 
We just received our rate increase for our 
family health insurance. We have been pay-ing $1,283 a month and the $557.45 increase will bring it up to $1,841.26. This amount has gone from 26 percent to 37 percent of our in-come. It is over twice of our house payment. . . . After having insurance coverage for the past 38 years, we are faced with dropping coverage, which is ironic since that is not the purpose of the Affordable Care Act. We are considering dropping insurance and fac-ing the penalty just so we can continue to live in our house, pay our bills, and buy gro-ceries. 
That is from a constituent of mine in 
South Dakota. 
I have received far too many letters 
like these from individuals who are facing enormous premium increases. 
Another constituent wrote to me and 
said they are facing a 69-percent pre-mium increase—69 percent. She and her husband are facing a $22,884 insurance bill. She could buy a brand-new car for less than that. 
So it is no surprise that a recent sur-
vey from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation found that nearly 80 per-cent of uninsured Americans who have looked for insurance report that they cannot find or cannot afford to buy health insurance. The grim reality for millions of Americans is that the Af-fordable Care Act is anything but af-fordable. 
Unfortunately, higher health care 
costs are just one of the problems with this law. ObamaCare has already re-duced Americans’ health care choices. Faced with expensive ObamaCare man-dates, insurance companies have cho-sen one of the few methods left to them to control costs, and that is restricting consumers’ choice of doctors and hos-pitals. Americans were promised they could keep the doctor they liked, but for many Americans, that is not true. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.013 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8204 December 1, 2015 
Then there are the taxes imposed by 
the law. Because the administration did its best to hide the true cost of ObamaCare, many Americans don’t re-alize that the law hiked taxes by $1 trillion. In fact, the law imposed al-most a dozen new taxes, including an annual tax on health insurance that is passed on to consumers in the form of 
higher premiums, a tax increase on flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts, and a tax on wages and self-employment income. President Obama promised not to raise taxes on those making less than $250,000, but, as we all know, he broke that promise many times over when ObamaCare was signed into law. Many of these taxes di-rectly impact low- and middle-income families. 
Additionally, the law’s tax on the 
makers of lifesaving medical devices, such as pacemakers and insulin pumps, which went into effect in 2013, has al-ready eliminated jobs in the medical device industry and driven up the price of essential medical equipment. 
The medical device industry is not 
the only industry in which ObamaCare is costing jobs. ObamaCare’s require-ment that employers provide their workers with government-approved in-surance or pay a tax has made employ-ing full-time workers more costly, which has discouraged employers from hiring. Workers in the retail and res-taurant industries, many of them younger, less skilled workers, have been hit particularly hard. In all, the Congressional Budget Office has pre-dicted that ObamaCare will result in the equivalent of 2 million fewer full- time jobs in 2017 and 2.5 million fewer full-time jobs by 2024. That is not good news for our already sluggish economy. 
All Americans remember the Presi-
dent’s claim that under ObamaCare, ‘‘If you like your plan, you can keep it’’— a claim that was named, interestingly enough, PolitiFact’s ‘‘Lie of the Year’’ in 2013 after ObamaCare eliminated the health care plans of 4 million Ameri-cans. Now hundreds of thousands of Americans will be losing their ObamaCare health care plan after a number of the health insurance co-ops established under the law proved unsustainable. In all, 12 of the 23 health care co-ops established by the President’s health care law have col-lapsed, resulting in the loss of billions in taxpayer dollars, in addition to the loss of Americans’ health plans. Tax-payers have also lost more than $1 bil-lion spent on failed or failing State ex-changes, such as the failed exchanges in the States of Oregon, Hawaii, Vermont, Maryland, and Massachu-setts. 
Four years after telling ‘‘Meet the 
Press’’ that ObamaCare would become ‘‘more and more popular,’’ the senior Senator from New York admitted that the Democrats had made a strategic error by focusing on ObamaCare. Amer-icans, he admitted, were ‘‘crying out for an end to the recession, for better wages and more jobs; not for changes in their health care.’’ The senior Sen-
ator from New York is right. 
Americans didn’t want ObamaCare 
then, and they certainly don’t want it now. ObamaCare is broken, and Ameri-cans know it. It is time to repeal this law and start moving toward the kind of health care reform Americans are actually looking for: an affordable, ac-countable, patient-focused system that gives individuals control of their health care decisions. 
This week the Senate will take up a 
repeal bill that will begin the process of lifting the burdens ObamaCare has placed on Americans. I look forward to debating the bill and working with my colleagues to begin building a bridge to a better health care system for hard- working families across the country. It is time to give the American people the real health care reform they deserve. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
f 
AMERICAN SECURITY AGAINST 
FOREIGN ENEMIES ACT 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about the American Se-curity Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015. This act was passed by the House shortly before we recessed for Thanks-giving—an act dealing with the refugee crisis from Syria and Iraq. It is an act that is sort of pending before the body now as we try to decide whether to take up the House bill or take up the topic of the House bill as part of the deliberations in which we are engaged. 
First, I think everyone in this body 
and everyone in the House acknowl-edges the security needs of America in this challenging time as we are en-gaged in a battle against ISIL. As we have seen in recent weeks, the reach of ISIL—whether it is a passenger aircraft in Sinai, a neighborhood in southern Beirut, or multiple neighborhoods in Paris, ISIL’s strength is expanding and mutating, and we have to take those concerns seriously. 
I applaud the work that has already 
been done to try to make sure the vet-ting process for refugees who entered the United States is pretty intense. Four million refugees left Syria during the course of the Syrian civil war. Of those 4 million who have left and reg-istered with the U.N., after a fairly ex-tensive review process, the U.N. has re-ferred 20,000 to the United States for possible consideration to be refugees. Of those 20,000, after an 18-month vet-ting process, we have allowed approxi-mately 2,000 into the United States. So the vetting process for refugees is pret-ty intense. If we can make it better, we need to do that, but it is already fairly significant. I also applaud efforts the administration announced yesterday and that other colleagues, including the Presiding Officer, are working on to ensure that the visa waiver program we currently have, which allows citi-zens from 38 countries to come to the United States without visas, is tight. We have to do our best in a careful and 
deliberate way to make sure our secu-rity in the midst of this battle against ISIL is strong. 
I rise today to speak particularly 
about this act because I think it is problematic, and I think it is problem-atic from the very title of the act. I think it raises some questions we have to be very careful about. 
Syrian and Iraqi refugees are not for-
eign enemies. Refugees are not the en-emies of the United States. We have an enemy. The enemy is ISIL. We are coming up on the start of a 17-month war against ISIL that Congress has been unwilling to debate, vote on, and declare. ISIL is an enemy, and we would all acknowledge that, but the refugees who are leaving Syria and Iraq are not our enemies. They are victims. They are victims. I think before we go down the path of quickly—and this bill was passed in the House in just a cou-ple of days—painting with a broad brush as our enemies these poor people who have suffered so much, we really need to reflect on what they have been through. 
This refugee crisis in Syria has been 
called by most NGOs and other organi-zations like the U.N. the greatest hu-manitarian crisis since World War II. 
In a country of between 25 and 30 mil-
lion people, 4 million have had to flee because of the atrocities of the Assad regime and the atrocities of the civil war carried out by ISIL and other ter-rorist organizations. 
Four million had to leave their 
homes and 8 million more had to leave their homes and move to other places in their country where they would pre-fer not to live because their homes are unsafe because of the civil war. 
Nearly 300,000 Syrians have been 
killed in this civil war, and the atroc-ities are horrible. The Assad regime uses barrel bombs in civilian neighbor-hoods to kill innocents without any rhyme or reason as to where or when they are going to fall, creating psycho-logical terror as well as physical dan-ger. ISIL in Syria is carrying out be-headings and the forced subjugation of people and selling them into sexual slavery. It is the oppression of religious minorities, virtually any religion other than that of the Sunni extremists who would fit within ISIL’s narrow defini-tion of who they think true believers are. This is what people are fleeing from. 
This Senator emphasizes this point: 
Refugees are not our enemies. They are not foreign enemies. They are victims who deserve compassion. 
This is a fairly famous photograph 
from a suburb of Damascus, Yarmouk, that is filled with Palestinian refugees who have been waiting for food. The Assad regime had cordoned them off and would not allow humanitarian aid because they thought there were oppo-nents to the regime in this neighbor-hood. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.014 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8205 December 1, 2015 
This was a photo that was taken in 
January of 2014 when the U.N. could fi-nally come in to try to deliver humani-tarian food aid to these folks. You can see the tens of thousands of people who are waiting in the midst of their bombed-out neighborhood for a deliv-ery of basic food aid, which has been very episodic during the course of this war. This neighborhood has gone back under blockade, and it has been ex-tremely difficult to get them the food they need. 
These are not enemies; these are peo-
ple who are worthy of the compassion of any person and especially of a nation as compassionate as the United States. 
More recently, we were all stunned to 
see this horrible photograph of a 3- year-old Syrian boy who, with his fam-ily and a group of 12 Syrians, tried to make it across water to Greece, fleeing atrocities in the battle between Kurds and ISIL in northern Syria. Twelve members of this family in a boat were killed and drowned, including this 3- year-old and his 5-year-old brother. These are not enemies. 
To have an act that purports to deal 
with this refugee crisis and to call this an act that is an act about foreign en-emies—they are not enemies. There is no way we should allow the kind of tar brush approach that would paint these poor unfortunates who are victims of the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II as if they are somehow enemies. We should have a compas-sionate response that protects Amer-ican security but is nevertheless com-passionate. 
These photographs really grab me, 
and the rhetoric surrounding these ref-ugees—that they are enemies—when this act passed really grabbed me. I found myself thinking about it not so much even in just a policy way—what is the right policy, what is the right mixture of things to keep the country safe? That is very important, but these pictures make one think about some-thing more fundamental: Why does this happen? 
Since the beginning of time, human 
beings have asked: Why is there suf-fering of this kind? Why must hundreds of thousands be huddled into a bombed- out neighborhood and be nearly starved to death to wait for a delivery epi-sodically from the United Nations? Why would a family have to flee from their home, with their children killed, to try to get away from atrocities? If you are a student from California State University, on a semester-abroad pro-gram in Paris, sitting in a cafe, why are you gunned down by ISIL terror-ists? If you are a tourist coming back from a vacation in the Sinai with your family, why is your plane suddenly bombed out of the sky? 
Humans have asked this question 
since the beginning of time. Why do these things happen? There are two conventional answers to the question of why these things occur, and there is a nonconventional answer that is a challenging one that we as a body and as a country really have to grapple 
with. The two conventional answers as to why there is horrible suffering such as this is obviously there is evil in the world and there is evil within. There is evil out in the world and there is evil within and we make mistakes. Clearly there is evil in the world. ISIL is evil. Refugees are not evil. 
I think it is interesting that one of 
the bodies here could come up with a piece of legislation, draft it, debate it, and vote on it in a couple of days to label refugees as ‘‘foreign enemies’’ when we have been at war for 17 months against ISIL and we haven’t been able to have a debate in this body to authorize military force and declare that they are an enemy. There is evil in the world, and part of what we must do is call it out and be willing to stand against it. 
The great Irish poet Yeats talked 
about a situation where the best lack all conviction and the worst are filled with passionate intensity. I worry that this legislative body has not shown the conviction to call out evil in the way that we should call it out, and mistak-enly we are calling people evil who aren’t evil but who are deserving of compassionate help from us and from other nations. That is the first expla-nation of why evil occurs. There is evil out in the world, and ISIL is evil, the atrocities of Assad are evil, and we ought to call it out. 
The second explanation is our own 
weakness. When bad things happen, whether to yourself or to your country, you have to look in the mirror and ask: Did we do anything wrong? And I have a concern that when the chapter on the Syrian refugee crisis is written, neither the United States nor other nations are going to look that good. It is going to be like looking into the 1990s and look-ing at why the United States was able to intervene and stop atrocities in the Balkans and chose not to in Rwanda. The answer to why we did in one in-stance and not the other—I don’t think that looks good in retrospect. I worry with respect to this refugee crisis, the 4 to 8 million killed, these children and their families—we have to look in the mirror and ask ourselves whether we have done enough or whether we can do more. 
Last, there is a nonconventional ex-
planation of why suffering like this oc-curs that is a challenging one. It is in the Book of Job. There is a Bible on the Presiding Officer’s desk. It is there because it is a book of wisdom. I know you know the story. It is an interesting story, as we grapple with suffering like this and we have to ask why it occurs. Job was an upright and righteous man. He was a blameless person, a person of integrity. 
The story was written in about 500 
BC and posits this debate between God and Satan. God is talking about how great Job is. Satan says that he is great because he is wealthy and has a great family, and if he lost that, he would cease being so faithful. God says: I think he would be faithful 
anyway. 
Satan says: Let’s have a wager and 
see what happens. 
That is how the Book of Job begins. 
This upright and blameless man who has everything proceeds to very quick-ly lose everything. He loses his wealth, he loses his family, he loses his health—not because of his own sin, his own weakness, or his own error, his own mistakes, and not because of evil in the world; he suffers because he is being tested. That is the reason he suf-fers. 
As the story goes on, he is tested. He 
is tested. He argues with God, he fights with God, he fights with the faith, but he doesn’t let go of his faith. At the end of the story, this Book of Job—and this is a book which is not only in the Old Testament and studied by Jews and Christians alike, this is in the Koran. This is a story which all the Abrahamic faith traditions have grabbed on to because it has a funda-mental piece of wisdom to it. 
Sometimes when suffering such as 
this occurs, it is not just because there is evil in the world or because of our own sin, it is because bad things hap-pen to test us as individuals. Bad things happen and sometimes test us as a country. 
I look at this refugee crisis as a test. 
It is a test on whether we, like Job, will be true to our principles or wheth-er we will abandon them. Job was true to his principles, and things came back to him multiplied. Are we going to be true to our principles? 
My State of Virginia began when the 
English who were starving were helped out by Indians down near Jamestown Island. There was the extension of a hand to strangers in a strange land that enabled them to survive, unlike earlier parties who had been wiped out by starvation or battles with Indians. 
My people came from Ireland in the 
1840s. They were chased out by oppres-sion. They were chased out by hunger. My people have the same story that virtually everybody who came to the United States has. Some came under much worse conditions, brought over in slavery and servitude. 
The nation of France recognized the 
United States for what it was—a bea-con of liberty for people from around the world—when France gave to the United States the Statue of Liberty, which we planted in New York Harbor right next to Ellis Island, where so many people came into this country. Nobody who came here had it easy. People faced signs that said ‘‘No Irish need apply’’ or they faced discrimina-tion or oppression, but they didn’t face a door being shut in their face and being told they were foreign enemies when they were really refugees looking for a better situation in life. 
As I think about what we are grap-
pling with and what we may be called to vote on in the next 10 days in this body, I think about this massive scale of human suffering that is going on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.016 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8206 December 1, 2015 
with respect to Syria, and I think 
about that wisdom from the Book of Job, which is that sometimes suffering and adversity is to test us. Are we going to abandon our principles? Are we not going to be the Statue of Lib-erty nation? Are we not going to be the nation that will extend a hand of wel-come or friendship for those who suf-fer? Are we going to be true to our principles? 
Again and again in our Nation’s his-
tory and in the history of nations, it has been shown that if you are true to your principles—especially true to them during times of adversity—then you are worthy of respect. You teach important lessons to your kids and to the generations that follow, and usu-ally things work out. I think our Na-tion’s principles are solid. They are rock solid. In the heat of the moment, we shouldn’t abandon them, and we shouldn’t abandon people who have suf-fered and are suffering with the kind of hot legislative language that would label them as ‘‘foreign enemies’’ when they are just refugees in the same way that people throughout history have been refugees needing a compassionate response from others. 
Thank you, Mr. President. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to complete my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last week 
families across the Nation gathered in gratitude to celebrate Thanksgiving— the holiday we commemorate in re-membrance of our Pilgrim ancestors. With humble appreciation, we venerate the sacrifice of America’s early set-tlers. We remember their fortitude in leaving family and home to colonize a new wilderness. Facing disease, starva-tion, and even death, these brave men and women endured tremendous hard-ships to secure the blessings of reli-gious liberty. 
Freedom of religion—so precious and 
so prized by our Pilgrim forebears—is the legacy we enjoy as a result of their sacrifice. Today, I wish to honor the Pilgrims’ legacy by speaking once again on the topic of religious liberty. Over the past several weeks, I have ad-dressed this subject at length. In so doing, I have explained the critical im-portance of religious freedom and its centrality to our Nation’s founding. I have also debunked the erroneous no-tion that religious liberty is primarily a private matter that has little place in the public domain. More recently, I have detailed the many ways freedom of conscience is under attack—both at home and abroad. 
You might wonder why I devote so 
much time and attention to this vital subject. After all, this is the seventh in a series of speeches I have given on the 
topic of religious liberty. When there are myriad other issues facing our 
country, why do I feel so compelled to speak out about religious freedom? Be-
cause, Mr. President, no other freedom is so essential to human flourishing and to the future of our Nation. Indeed, religion is not only beneficial to soci-ety but also indispensable to democ-racy. 
I begin by discussing the most tan-
gible benefits religion brings to soci-ety. History provides many examples. Indeed, many of our Nation’s most sig-nificant moral and political achieve-ments are grounded in religious teach-ings and influences. 
First, consider the role of religion in 
the formation of our most basic rights. America’s Framers were well versed in both religion and philosophy, and in drafting our Founding documents, they drew inspiration from both sources. 
Take for example, the unalienable 
rights identified in the Declaration of Independence: life, liberty and the pur-suit of happiness. These rights are a synthesis of both religious and philo-sophic teachings. The rights them-selves stem from the theories of the philosopher John Locke, but the con-cept of inalienability—the idea that these rights are inviolable because they are ‘‘endowed [to men] by their Creator’’—is religious in nature. 
By invoking the divine and linking 
our rights to a moral authority that lies above and beyond the state, Amer-ica’s Founders insulated our freedoms from government abuse. Philosophy helped articulate our fundamental rights, but religion made them unas-sailable. Thanks to the moral ground-ing provided by religion, we exercise these rights free of state control. 
In addition to undergirding the es-
tablishment of our God-given rights, religion directly benefitted American society by catalyzing the two greatest social movements in our Nation’s his-tory: abolition and civil rights. 
Abolition traces its roots to the Sec-
ond Great Awakening, when preachers such as Charles Grandison Finney and Lyman Beecher rose to prominence with their revivalist teachings on so-cial justice and equality. Many of the earliest pro-abolition organizations coalesced around Christian evangelical communities in the North. Emanci-pation was a religious cause first and a political movement second. 
Most abolitionists were deeply reli-
gious themselves, including two of the movement’s most vocal leaders, Wil-liam Lloyd Garrison and John Green-leaf Whittier. The Christian doctrine of moral equality was especially crucial in generating the grassroots support that eventually made emancipation possible. 
Religion was equally influential in 
guiding the civil rights movement. We speak today of Dr. Martin Luther King, but we sometimes forget that before he was a doctor he was a reverend. In 1967, the year before his death, Reverend King proclaimed: Before I was a civil rights leader, I was a 
preacher of the Gospel. This was my first calling and it still remains my greatest com-mitment. . . . [A]ll that I do in civil rights I do because I consider it a part of my min-istry. 
Reverend King recruited other reli-
gious leaders to his cause when he con-vened a meeting of more than 60 black ministers in what would eventually be-come the Southern Christian Leader-ship Conference. This coalition of evan-gelical leaders was instrumental in or-ganizing both the Birmingham cam-paign and the March on Washington. For these ministers and many other men and women who participated in the civil rights movement, religion provided the initial impetus for their advocacy. 
Today, religion continues to benefit 
society by contributing to our Nation’s robust philanthropic sector. The im-portance of charity and helping the poor is nearly universal across all faiths. Every year, religious organiza-tions throughout the United States feed the hungry, clothe the naked, give shelter to the homeless, and care for the sick and afflicted. 
Without these religious groups, our 
government welfare system would be overwhelmed. 
Charitable organizations are irre-
placeable because they often step in where the state cannot. Consider some of the largest, most well-respected reli-gious charities in operation today, such as the Salvation Army, Catholic Charities, World Vision, or LDS Hu-manitarian Services. These organiza-tions are motivated by more than a mere humanitarian impulse; they are driven by a sense of duty both to God and to man. Every year, they lift mil-lions from despair, offering not only material assistance but also spiritual direction to help individuals lead more prosperous lives. This is a critical serv-ice that no government program could ever provide. 
It is clear that religion has bene-
fitted our society in several meaning-ful ways. First, as a result of religious teachings, we have unfettered claim to the natural rights delineated in our Nation’s founding documents. Second, thanks to religious leaders from John Rankin to Martin Luther King, we freely exercise civil rights today that were once denied millions of Ameri-cans. Third, by virtue of religious teaching on charity, we have a humani-tarian sector that is unparalleled in its ability to respond to crisis, bless the poor, and lift the needy. 
But my purpose in speaking today is 
not merely to recite a list of blessings brought about by religious liberty. Re-ligion is not simply beneficial to soci-ety; it is an indispensable feature of any free government. Without religion, liberty itself would be in danger and democracy would devolve into des-potism. 
The nexus between religion and de-
mocracy involves the relationship be-tween morality and freedom. Freedom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.017 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8207 December 1, 2015 
is a double-edged sword; it can be used 
for good or for evil. Statesmen may use freedom to defend justice, but tyrants can abuse it for their own corrupt ends. Morality is necessary to ensure that individuals exercise their freedom re-sponsibly. 
Religion provides free individuals 
with the moral education necessary to exercise freedom responsibly. It instills the very virtues that lead to an en-gaged citizenry, including a concern for others, the ability to discern between right and wrong, and the capacity to look beyond the mere pursuit of present pleasures to the good of soci-ety. 
President George Washington identi-
fied the link between morality and re-ligion. According to Washington, ‘‘Rea-son and experience both forbid us to ex-pect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.’’ For Washington, morality presupposed reli-gion, and both virtues cultivated a healthy society. Perhaps this why he said that ‘‘[o]f all the dispositions and habits which lead to political pros-perity, religion and morality are indis-pensable supports.’’ That was George Washington. 
John Adams was of the same mind. 
He argued that without religion and morality, our government could not stand because, ‘‘[a]varice, ambition, re-venge and gallantry would break the strongest cords of our Constitution, as a whale goes through a net’’; hence, his most famous observation that the Con-stitution ‘‘was made only for a moral and religious people.’’ 
For Washington, Adams, and many 
others who helped to establish our con-stitutional system of self-government, religion, morality, freedom, and de-mocracy are necessarily interlinked. Without the moral sensibilities that re-ligion that can provide, freedom is all too easily corrupted, endangering the very foundation of democracy. 
Our Founding Fathers were not alone 
in calling attention to the inextricable connection between religion and a healthy democracy. The renowned po-litical philosopher Alexis de Tocqueville offered his own analysis on the subject. After spending several months observing American Govern-ment and society, Tocqueville wrote his famed ‘‘Democracy in America’’ in an attempt to explain American polit-ical culture to his French counter-parts. When Tocqueville published his work in the early 19th century, the United States was a burgeoning democ-racy and unique as one of the only countries in the world that guaranteed religious liberties to its citizens. 
At this intersection of democracy 
and religion, Tocqueville made his most compelling observations. Like Washington and Adams, Tocqueville believed that religion was essential to the success of the American political experiment. Without the moral stric-tures of religion, the Nation’s democ-racy would collapse on itself. In Tocqueville’s own words: Despotism may be able to do without faith, 
but freedom cannot. . . . How could society escape destruction if, when political ties are relaxed, moral ties are not tightened? And what can be done with a people master of itself if it is not subject to God? 
In other words, Tocqueville asked 
how the experiment of self-government could succeed if individuals refused to submit to any moral authority beyond themselves. By posing this question, Tocqueville argued that democracy needs religion and morality to ensure that citizens exercise their freedom re-sponsibly. Democracy needs religion to help refine the people’s moral responsi-bility and instill the virtues of good citizenship that make democracy pos-sible in the first place. 
Tocqueville also taught that democ-
racy needs religion to temper the ma-terialistic impulses of a free-market society. By setting our hopes and de-sires beyond imminent, temporal con-cerns and turning our hearts instead toward those in need, religion engen-ders charitable behavior and saves de-mocracy from its own excesses. 
In Tocqueville’s view, the free exer-
cise of religion is not just a condition of liberal society; it is a precondition for a healthy democracy. Without reli-gion and the moral instruction it pro-vides, freedom falters, and democracy all too easily dissolves into tyranny. 
In this regard, religion is not merely 
a boon to democracy, but a bulwark against despotism. Laws alone are in-capable of instilling order and regu-lating moral behavior across society. As LDS Apostle Dallin H. Oaks has ob-served, ‘‘Our society is not held to-gether just by law and its enforcement, but most importantly by voluntary obedience to the unenforceable and by widespread adherence to unwritten norms of right . . . behavior.’’ 
Of course, religion and a basic sense 
of morality help induce such voluntary obedience to the unenforceable that Elder Oaks describes. George Wash-ington conceded that individuals may find morality without religion, but po-litical society needs the spiritual grounding that only religion can pro-vide. In this regard, religion com-plements law in cultivating a moral citizenry. 
Both law and religion are necessary 
to engender good citizenship. As the in-fluence of religion diminishes, govern-ments must enact more laws to fill the void to maintain a moral citizenry. So the consequences of less religious ac-tivity are not greater human freedom but greater state control. 
Religion, then, acts as a check on 
state power. It cultivates morality so governments don’t have to through the cold, impersonal machinery of law. 
By acting as a shield against state 
overreach, religion is a friend to both democracy and freedom. Expanding re-ligious freedom empowers democracy, but limiting religious freedom weakens our democratic institutions. In the most extreme case, eliminating reli-gious freedom altogether results in tyr-anny and human suffering on a massive 
scale. 
Consider the catastrophic state of af-
fairs in countries that have explicitly outlawed religion. The Soviet Union, Communist China under Mao, the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia, and North Korea are prominent examples. In each of these countries, leaders committed unspeakable atrocities to enforce their own godless morality. In the absence of faith, there was no religious horizon to keep political ambitions within limits. Unencumbered by the moral restraint of religion, dictators systematically killed millions of their own people to establish their own secular vision of Heaven on Earth. These illustrations of totalitarianism, torture, and genocide demonstrate that a society without re-ligion is a society without freedom. 
I raise these grievous examples to re-
iterate my initial point: Religion is central to human prosperity. Society needs religion to keep political ambi-tions in check, and democracy needs religion to maintain morality so that freedom can flourish. 
I had the privilege of serving for 2 
years in three States—Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan—as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. We served without pay, without compensation. I lived on $55 to $65 a month, and I traveled all over those three States, helping other mission-aries be able to teach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I am glad I had the free-dom to be able to serve that mission in three States in this beautiful, wonder-ful country, where religious freedom is a revered right and a heralded concept. 
Those 2 years were the most impor-
tant years of my life because they led to a wonderful marriage with Elaine, 6 children, 23 grandchildren, and 16 great grandchildren, and those are all I know about at this time. I have to say that they led to a better life in every way, even though my life has been hard. 
I was raised in Pittsburgh, PA. My 
father was a building tradesman. Sometimes there wasn’t work. We lost our home shortly after my birth. It was a little band-box frame home in Home-stead Park, PA. My dad borrowed $100 to purchase an acre and then tore down a burned-out building to build us a home that was black on three sides, and the fourth side had a Meadow Gold Dairy sign that he had apparently torn down and put up just exactly the way it was. We didn’t have indoor facilities. 
It was an acre of ground, and we 
raised quite a bit of our food. We actu-ally raised chickens. I was in charge of the chickens, taking care of the chick-en coop, feeding them, cleaning up after them, collecting the eggs every day, selling the eggs, and delivering the eggs, from 6 years old on. I am glad I had that experience. 
I am glad that my family went to 
church and was religious. The Mormon Church at that time in Pittsburgh was very small, but the people were all pa-triotic and loved America. Why did they? Many of them were from other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.021 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8208 December 1, 2015 
countries. They loved America because 
they were free. I didn’t know any bet-ter, but I knew I was free, and that was important—not just to me but to my parents and to many others as well. 
Elaine and I are so grateful that we 
have been able to raise our six chil-dren, all of whom are married now, all of whom have children, and many of whom have our great-grandchildren. 
The thing that tied us together more 
than anything else was religion in this freest of all nations. I am so grateful for this country. I am so grateful for the freedoms that we all take for granted. I am so grateful for my par-ents, who were just humble people, nei-ther of whom had received any edu-cation beyond the eighth grade, but both were brilliant in his or her own way. The thing they taught us was reli-gion and doing good to our fellow men and women. 
I am so grateful for this great coun-
try. I am so grateful for all of the many blessings we have from religious freedom, and I don’t want to see us lose that in the realm of political correct-ness. 
In closing, I urge all of my colleagues 
to consider the state of religious lib-erty in the United States today. Only by strengthening this fundamental freedom can we secure the future of our own democracy and keep the rest of our freedoms alive and viable. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I am here 
for my now 28th ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I have been coming to the floor of the Senate for 28 weeks pointing out gov-ernment waste. 
Some in this Chamber say we can’t 
cut a penny more. We are down to the bone. We are far from it. This is just a small effort, having been shot down, in terms of anything larger to do to deal with our fiscal situation, because the White House simply does not want to engage in it. We at least ought to be able to take steps as a body to elimi-nate the kind of wasteful spending that takes place on a daily basis in Wash-ington. 
I have come down once a week to do 
this. I could come down every day, I could come down every hour and point out something in this vast array of Federal Government that never stops growing that simply falls in the cat-egory of waste, fraud, and abuse. So far we are well over our $100 billion goal of accumulated waste. Today, this is No. 28. Specifically, this particular waste of the week is facilitator fraud in the Social Security disability insurance 
fund. 
What is the facilitator fraud? 
Facilitator fraud is when individuals with specialized knowledge use system as a means to fraudulently, illegally qualify people to receive SSDI benefits. They look for claimants either by put-ting out ads or using social media or word of mouth: Look, you too can get checks from the Federal Government even if you are not disabled because we have figured out how to qualify you. We will help you process these forms. We have connections with doctors and medical providers who will be able to give us written information, even though it is fraudulent and illegal, that you can use to justify with the Social 
Security Administration to qualify for Social Security disability. 
Then, when those payments start, 
the facilitators get a percentage of that or they have worked out some kind of agreement that you will pay us this amount of money if we can get you the claim. Once disability payment is made, financial compensation to the facilitator is in place, and there is a vi-cious cycle of fraud and abuse. So in-stead of robbing Peter to pay Paul, Peter and Paul are robbing the Federal Government together and reaping the benefits. 
Over the last 5 years, the Social Se-
curity Administration has seen an amazing increase in fraudulent activity associated with facilitators. The esti-mate is potentially 1 percent and per-haps even more—we haven’t tied this down yet—of SSDI payments are af-fected by facilitator fraud. We have taken a rough estimate of what this would amount to over a 10-year period of time and dropped $.4 billion. We think at least $10 billion over 10 years is a conservative estimate of the waste of taxpayers’ dollars through fraudu-lent, illegal means. 
Last month the Social Security in-
spector general, Patrick O’Carroll, tes-tified before the Joint Economic Com-mittee, which I chair, and shared his concerns about this question. He said, ‘‘There are people out there in posi-tions of trust that the agency relies on for information . . . .’’ as to deter-
mining whether a claim is a legitimate claim for coverage. He said, ‘‘And if those people [whom we rely on] decide to defraud the government’’—by send-ing in false claims, backed up by false medical support, the taxpayer is being taken to the cleaners. ‘‘We have found that in some cases the former Social Security employees’’—that have left the employment of the Federal Govern-ment—‘‘that understand the way the system works then go into conspiracies with unscrupulous medical providers and attorneys, where they will use im-proper information and facilitate get-ting in so that a person will get on ben-efits,’’ and they get the payment and the rewards. 
Last year, a San Diego-area psychol-
ogist confessed to charging his patients $200 each to fabricate medical evidence to support their disability claims. Imagine getting up in the morning, 
going to your desk, you have the cre-dentials of a doctor—in this case a psy-chologist—to issue an opinion as to what the claimant’s medical condition is, and then participate in this cycle of fraudulent activity and be paid for it. That is his job. That is what he does every day. Fortunately, we caught him, and that is how we know about this. 
In August of 2013, Federal law en-
forcement officials and the Puerto Rico Police Department arrested 75 people in Puerto Rico and dismantled a large- scale disability fraud scheme involving physicians and a claimant representa-tive who is also a former Social Secu-rity Administration employee. 
So not only are individuals doing 
this, but there are groups of individ-uals who are working through a sys-tem. These are just two small examples of what is happening. To give some credit, the discovery of this has pro-duced some progress in terms of ad-dressing this problem. The most recent budget deal reached in the Senate in-cluded increased funding for what is called the Cooperative Disability In-vestigation Units, which investigate suspicious disability claims and hope-fully prevents fraud before it happens. Additionally, the Social Security Ad-ministration’s regional Disability Fraud Pilot Program works specifi-cally on facilitator fraud across the country trying to identify those high- dollar, high-impact cases involving third-party facilitators conspiring with claimants to defraud the Social Secu-rity Administration. It is a pilot pro-gram. I don’t know why we haven’t had that program in place from its very in-ception. Every agency distributing funds for individuals should have as a component of that agency an investiga-tive process for fraud, waste, and abuse because—you name the program writ-ing checks to claimants, and I believe we will be able to find those that are fraudulently taking money out of tax-payers’ wallets. 
We are going to keep coming here 
every week putting the spotlight on waste, fraud, and abuse. Today we add another $10 billion to the total, which keeps growing and growing. Now it is a total of $128,812 billion of documented waste, fraud, and abuse. This is not something we make up. This is not something we read about in the paper. This is something where agencies of the Federal Government, which have accountability and responsibility to try to dig in and find this abuse, pro-vide information on a regular basis, but it is something taxpayers simply cannot afford, should not be obligated to pay, and highlights the fact that we have a government growing beyond its means. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.023 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8209 December 1, 2015 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 3 p.m. today, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 12:28 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
REMEMBERING GOVERNOR OLENE 
WALKER 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Governor Olene Walk-er, Utah’s 15th Governor, who passed away on Saturday, November 28, 2015, at the age of 85. She was the first woman to serve as Utah’s Governor, worked as Lieutenant Governor for over 11 years, and was a member of the Utah Legislature for 8 years. 
Olene Walker will be remembered 
and revered by Utahns not because of the many firsts she pioneered in poli-tics but for her commitment to leave a legacy of public and, more impor-tantly, private service based on prin-ciples that truly last. Olene Walker’s life and career were centered in the principles of lifelong learning, selfless service, and making a difference through civil discourse and meaningful dialogue. 
Governor Walker believed that the 
best way to open a mind was to read a book. Immediately upon becoming Governor, she launched her Read With a Child Program, focused on getting adults to read with a child for 20 min-utes every day. She knew that 20 min-utes of daily reading would not only transform children across the State by getting them to read at or above grade level, but it would transport them to magical places, big ideas, and brighter futures. Because she became Governor at the age of 73—and as a grand-mother—I think she also recognized that 20 minutes of reading with a child would inspire the adults in the State of Utah as well. 
Governor Walker was never far from 
a book or a group of children to read to, often choosing her personal favorite from Dr. Seuss, ‘‘Oh, the Places You’ll Go!’’ Governor Walker went many 
places in her public service but sent thousands and thousands of Utah chil-dren on adventures never to be forgot-ten in the wonderful world of good books. She was living proof that books expand the mind and that a mind ex-panded, especially the mind of a child, could never return to its original state. 
I was inspired when reading her obit-uary that the last line, in typical Olene Walker style, stated: ‘‘In lieu of flow-ers, please read with a child.’’ Her com-mitment to the principle of lifelong learning is a legacy in and of itself. 
Governor Walker also understood 
that it didn’t really matter where she served, but how she served. Whether working alongside her husband in the family’s snack business, in the legisla-ture or in the Governor’s office, Olene Walker knew that her time on this Earth would never be measured by the titles she held but by the impact and influence that she had on others. She understood and lived by the adage: ‘‘We are to live our lives not by days, but by deeds, not by seasons, but by service.’’ After leaving the Governor’s mansion, she participated in literacy forums, served an LDS mission with her hus-band in New York, and at an age when most people slow down, Olene Walker took on a new and, many would say, daunting challenge of leading dozens of 3- to 11-year-old children for 2 hours every Sunday in her LDS congregation. 
Governor Walker served with con-
fidence, charisma, and charm that was elevating and at the same time en-lightening. National political players, rural farmers, business executives, and children were equally inspired by her energetic approach, and they responded to her invitation to engage because they sensed that what they were about to experience was not about Governor Walker; it was about them. 
In an age of egomaniacs and nar-
cissists, Olene Walker’s example of selfless service in high office is a model for all to follow—a model that all peo-ple should try to emulate. Governor Walker also understood the principle that mean-spirited arguments produce little, while meaningful dialogue cre-ates much. She was known for her dis-arming style and for her corresponding ability to pull people into a conversa-tion. She believed and lived by a motto that my office is committed to. The so-lution to any and every problem begins when someone says: Let’s talk about it. Olene Walker challenged political candidates, elected officials of both parties, and young people in particular to transcend the talk-radio style bom-bast in personal attacks in favor of civil, serious, and substantive discus-sions. The Olene S. Walker Institute of Politics & Public Service, at her be-loved Weber State University, is a tes-tament to her commitment to make a difference through a more meaningful and deeper dialogue. 
A picture of Olene Walker taken in-
side the Governor’s mansion contains an interesting image that illuminates much of what Olene Walker was really 
all about. Resting on a desk in the background of the picture is a statue of a vibrant, energetic, pioneering Brigham Young. He is walking swiftly, leading with staff in hand, eyes set on a bright future as he began the auda-cious endeavor of being the first to es-tablish a lasting legacy in the tops of the Rocky Mountains. In the picture, the statue of Brigham Young almost appears to be trying to keep up with Governor Walker. Only Olene Walker could get a trailblazing Brigham Young to pick up the pace. Governor Walker, likewise, was a pioneer and a trail-blazer, moving swiftly, leading with a clear vision of a better society, and guided by her principles of lifelong learning, selfless service, and civil dia-logue. Her life of many firsts will be celebrated and emulated for genera-tions to come because it was founded on and inspired by such principles— principles that will truly last. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
f 
TRAGEDY AT PLANNED PARENT-
HOOD CLINIC IN COLORADO SPRINGS 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I am 
here to reflect on the tragedy that oc-curred in Colorado Springs last week. There, a gunman attacked a Planned Parenthood clinic, killing three people and injuring nine others. Colorado is mourning the losses of the three who were murdered, all of whom were par-ents in the prime of their lives and all of whom represented the best of our State. 
Officer Garrett Swasey was one of 
the first officers to arrive at the scene. He had served as an officer at the Uni-versity of Colorado Colorado Springs Police Department for 6 years. Garrett had been married to his wife Rachel for 17 years. He leaves behind his two chil-dren—Faith, who is only 6, and Elijah, who just turned 11 on Sunday. His wife said: 
His greatest joys were his family, his 
church, and his profession. We will cherish his memory, especially those times he spent tossing the football to his son and snuggling with his daughter on the couch. 
She went on to note: 
Helping others brought him deep satisfac-
tion and being a police officer was a part of him. In the end, his last act was for the safe-ty and well-being of others and was a tribute to his life. 
Officer Swasey’s actions last Friday 
spoke to his extraordinary courage and selflessness. As a university police offi-cer, he wasn’t under any obligation to respond when he first heard of the inci-dent through emergency radio. He could have looked the other way. Yet he was one of the first to arrive at Planned Parenthood, which is 4 miles away from the university. 
His good friend and copastor said 
that Officer Swasey often responded to dangerous calls off campus and that he put other people’s lives before his own. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.025 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8210 December 1, 2015 
The University of Colorado Colorado 
Springs police chief said: 
There was no way any of us could have 
kept him here. He was always willing to go. . . . He had an enthusiasm that was hard to quell. 
Officer Swasey is truly a hero in 
every sense of the word. Before joining the university police force, Officer Swasey was a Junior National Cham-pion ice skater. Upon hearing the news of the tragedy, his skating partner, with whom he won that championship, observed: 
Garrett was selfless, always there to help 
me, always my wingman. He was my brother and my partner. I could always count on him. 
After his competitive career, Officer 
Swasey continued to teach skating. He also served as a copastor at Hope Chap-el, which he and his family attended since 2001. At church he led care groups and taught Scripture and guitar. At services on Sunday, a fellow pastor at the church described how he felt. ‘‘You don’t realize how much you love some-one until you can’t tell him anymore.’’ 
Our State is also mourning the loss 
of Ke’Arre Marcell Stewart. He was only 29 years old. Here is how his fam-ily and friends have described Ke’Arre: ‘‘a good friend and an amazing lis-tener’’; ‘‘one of the most caring men I’ve ever met’’; ‘‘someone you could just sit and talk to about life’’; ‘‘car-ing, giving, funny and just a damn good person.’’ 
Those traits were on display Friday 
when he was at Planned Parenthood accompanying a friend. He served our country in the Army and was deployed to Iraq between 2005 and 2006. Last week he died as he was trying to save others. According to reports, after being shot outside of the building, Ke’Arre ran back inside to warn others to seek safety. His family credits his military training and instinct for how he responded. Ke’Arre wasn’t a native of Colorado. He was born in Texas, where he was a three-sport athlete, playing football, basketball, and run-ning track. His friends say he moved to Colorado because he was stationed at Fort Carson and stayed, like so many of us, because he loved our beautiful State. Ke’Arre had two children, both daughters. They are 11 and 6 years old. His friend observed that ‘‘he loved his daughters to death. He would do any-thing for them.’’ 
Finally, the third victim, Jennifer 
Markovsky, was also accompanying a friend to the clinic on Friday. Jennifer grew up in Hawaii, where she met her husband who was serving in the Army at the time. About a decade ago—in a story similar to Ke’Arre’s—they moved to Colorado when he was reassigned. Jennifer’s family described her as a loving wife and mother to a young son and daughter. Her sister-in-law told the Colorado Springs Gazette: ‘‘She lived for her kids.’’ She said Jennifer often took her children, who are 10 and 6, on hikes and spent time with them baking and working on crafts. Her fa-ther, who had just wished her a happy 
Thanksgiving one day earlier, called her ‘‘the most lovable person . . . kind- hearted . . . always there when I need-ed her.’’ 
Yesterday her husband said: 
She was a very caring and compassionate 
person and patient and understanding par-ent. She was deeply loved by all who knew her. She was always helping the kids do homework and reading books with them. We will miss her; her cooking, crafting and ad-venturous spirit. 
Three young parents who woke up 
last Friday morning with long, bright futures ahead of them, with the chance to raise their children and watch them grow and learn, with the chance to con-tribute, as they had before, to our com-munity and our country but instead whose lives were violently ended in a hail of gunfire—three strangers to each other, now joined together in our fondest memories. Nine others were wounded, and our thoughts and prayers are with them and their families as well. 
We should also honor and thank the 
Colorado Springs Police Department and other local law enforcement agen-cies that responded so swiftly and ef-fectively. Five officers were wounded in the attack. 
I wish to also recognize the employ-
ees at Planned Parenthood who worked tirelessly during the extended shooting and hostage incident to ensure that their patients were kept safe. 
This is not the day to talk about how 
our country begins to emerge from this season of killing and violence, but let me simply say in recent years too many of our children and parents have had their lives stolen, and too many of the rest of us have lived to pursue the ordinary course of our lives—going to school, going to work, seeking health care—in the shadows of the question: Whose child will be next? Whose mom and dad will be next? 
What we need today—instead of 
charged rhetoric and political tactics— is to find a way to at least begin fig-uring out how we can deal with these problems that we need to solve, how we can make things better. 
I thank my colleagues for their com-
forting words this week, and I hope we will all take time in the days ahead to think of the families and victims in-volved in this tragedy. Take a moment to think of the kids who lost their mom or dad. 
I have no doubt that the Colorado 
Springs community and our State will come together to heal during this dif-ficult time. We could all take a cue from that here. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, shortly we 
will be getting on a bill to repeal ObamaCare. It comes as a part of the budget operation. It is a special debate 
that can result in the passage of a bill with 51 votes in the Senate. There will be a limit on the debate of 20 hours—10 hours for each side—to convey any messages that Senators may have about the bill and also to handle any amendments. At the end of the process there could be another vote-arama if 
there are a lot of amendments left over. This is an amendable bill. It has quite a few rules that fall under the budget process that make this a bit more difficult than just a wide-open bill, so there are rules that have to be met in order for an amendment to not affect the outcome of the bill. 
Many of you have heard of the ex-
pression, I am sure, ‘‘caveat emptor,’’ which means buyer beware. The Presi-dent and the Democrats in Congress should have heeded this warning before forcing the country to purchase ObamaCare, which still remains un-workable, unaffordable, and more un-popular than ever. For millions of Americans the law today represents nothing more than broken promises, higher costs, and fewer choices. 
It is no surprise that a Gallup poll 
published last month, more than 5 years after the law was passed and sev-eral years into actual implementation, shows that most Americans still op-pose this unprecedented expansion of government intrusion into health care decisions for hard-working families and small businesses. Another poll I found interesting showed that more people were concerned about what has hap-pened with health care than they do about climate change. That is appro-priate for this week. 
The law is saddling American house-
holds with more than $1 trillion in new taxes over the next 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office, ObamaCare will cost taxpayers more than $116 billion a year. In fact, on av-erage, every American household can expect more than $20,000 in new taxes over the next 10 years because of this bill. ObamaCare’s crushing regulations mean smaller paychecks for families while holding back small businesses from expanding and hiring new work-ers. For every American, ObamaCare has meant more government, more bu-reaucracy, and more rules and regula-tions, along with soaring health care costs and less access to care. 
When we were debating this bill 5 
years ago, I remember talking about 30 million people in the United States being uninsured. Today there are 30 million people in the United States un-insured, it is just a different 30 million people. The ones who couldn’t be in-sured are insured and the ones who were insured can’t afford the insur-ance. Of course, there was a lot of talk about health care companies gouging the insured. We put in risk corridors so those who were making an excess prof-it would put in money that would go to those who didn’t figure on the right number of people or how healthy the people would be who they insured. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.033 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8211 December 1, 2015 
now know that didn’t work. The 
amount of money that went into the fund was rather insignificant, so those who undercharged aren’t getting much and companies are going out of busi-ness. 
Today we take a crucial step forward 
in beginning to lift the burdens and the higher cost of this law that has been placed on all Americans. As I men-tioned, this is a special budget oper-ation that only requires 51 votes. The House has already passed a bill with more than a significant majority. 
By the time we are done, the legisla-
tion the Senate passes will eliminate more than $1 trillion in tax increases placed on the American people while saving more than $500 billion in spend-ing. Most importantly, this bill begins to build a bridge from the President’s broken promises to a better health care system for hard-working families across the country. 
Let’s talk about the broken prom-
ises. As a Presidential candidate, then- Senator Obama promised Americans they could keep their health plan if they liked it. When he was in office and the bill was there, he said: If you like your plan, you can keep it. Millions soon learned they can’t. This is be-cause ObamaCare has drastically re-duced America’s choice among health care plans through a Federal Govern-ment takeover of the insurance mar-ketplace. In fact, the President’s prom-ise, ‘‘If you like your plan, you can keep it,’’ was named PolitiFact’s ‘‘Lie of the Year’’ in 2013 after the health care plan cancellations were mailed to over 4 million Americans. 
Let’s talk about the higher costs. 
Americans were also promised lower health care costs, but even the admin-istration admits ObamaCare is failing to address costs and said average pre-miums are expected to rise by 7.5 per-cent this year. Recent headlines from across the country actually show much more dramatic increases. 
In Minnesota insurance policies on 
the exchange have rate hikes in the double digits—between 14 and 49 per-cent. In Oregon premiums for the benchmark plan on the exchange will go up about 23 percent. In Alaska the premium hike will be more than 31 per-cent for the benchmark plan. In Okla-homa the second lowest cost silver plan premiums will increase more than 35 percent. In Utah plans on the federally run exchange will be 22 percent higher next year. 
The President of the United States 
himself promised that this bill was not a tax. In fact, this was one of the law’s top selling points because Democrats knew it would never pass if they said it was a tax, but while they got the bill passed and signed into law, the Su-preme Court later ruled it is a tax. This law was deceptively sold to the American people and now these hidden taxes are being passed on to hard-work-ing families in the form of higher fees and costs. It is time for Democrats in Congress and the President to admit that ObamaCare is a $1 trillion tax 
hike that families and employers sim-ply can’t afford. 
We can talk about fewer choices. 
ObamaCare’s mandates and taxes on employer-sponsored health care plans are not only leading to higher out-of- pocket expenses but also fewer choices and services for 150 million Americans who have relied upon job-based health benefits for decades. It eliminated some of the competition, and competi-tion is the real way to bring down prices. 
I remember when we did Medicare 
Part D. I was a little concerned be-cause there were only two companies that were providing the pharma-ceutical benefit in Wyoming, and I thought they would maybe drop out of the program, but Medicare Part D in-creased competition. What did in-creased competition do? It brought down the price of the pharmaceuticals by 25 percent before it even went into effect. 
ObamaCare didn’t provide for more 
competition. According to the non-partisan Kaiser Family Foundation, employees who have job-based insur-ance have witnessed their out-of-pock-et expenses, on average for an indi-vidual, climb from $900 in 2010 to $1,300 in 2015. Employees working for small businesses now have deductibles of over $1,800. Since ObamaCare became law, several large employers have stopped offering benefits to part-time employ-ees, including Walmart, Target, Home Depot, and Trader Joe’s. The premiums have gone up and the deductibles have gone up. There are fewer choices and higher costs. 
So this was supposed to build a 
bridge to better care. Over the past 50 years, our Nation has made great strides in improving the quality of life for all Americans, but these trans-formative changes were always forged in the spirit of bipartisan compromise and cooperation. These qualities are es-sential to the success and longevity of crucial programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. 
Shortly before he retired in 2001, Sen-
ator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, a Dem-ocrat from New York, said: 
Never pass legislation that affects most 
Americans without real bipartisan support. It opens the doors to all kinds of political trouble. 
Senator Moynihan correctly noted 
that the side that didn’t support the law will focus on each and every misstep. More importantly, he pre-dicted that the measure’s very legit-imacy would always be in doubt and that the majority of Americans would have trouble supporting it in the long run unless it unquestionably achieved all of its goals. 
We have seen each of these scenarios 
play out over the past 5 years as the health care law has polarized America like nothing before. 
Bipartisan support, of course, means 
that both sides get some things into the mix of the bill. That did not happen even though we had a very extensive 
amendment process in committee and on the floor. Essentially, the Repub-lican ideas were all thrown out. Both sides weren’t included, so it was not a bipartisan bill. 
After passage of the bill, we had a 
special time at the Blair House where there were half Republicans and half Democrats who got to speak with the President for a day. The amazing thing at that meeting was that every time a Republican mentioned an idea, the President blasted it immediately. When the Democrats suggested an idea, those were all good. At the end of the day, it turned out to be very much a waste of time because not a single idea was even considered that was brought up at that time by the Republicans. 
We still need health care reform, but 
it has to be done the right way—not comprehensive. In my opinion, ‘‘com-prehensive’’ means so large that no-body can understand it, and that is kind of what happened with this bill. We have to do it step by step. They can be pretty big steps, but if we do it step by step, we can bring the American public along. They can understand it, and they can tell us the unintended consequences, and those can be fixed. It would be correctable. This bill hasn’t been correctable. We have known the flaws. The President has put waivers on to keep us from noticing them soon-er. We have offered to make correc-tions but have never been taken up on our offer. 
Providing access to high-quality, af-
fordable health care is something I am confident that Democrats and Repub-licans should be able to do. It is time to build a bridge from the broken promises to better health care for each and every American once and for all. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that morning business be extended until 4 p.m. today, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Vermont. 
f 
BUDGET RECONCILIATION BILL 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, as the 
ranking member of the Budget Com-mittee, I rise in strong opposition to the budget reconciliation bill we are debating today. In fact, this bill should tell every American just how far re-moved the Republican leadership here in Congress is from the realities of American life and the needs of the American people. 
At a time when the United States is 
the only major country on Earth that does not guarantee health care to all people; when 29 million Americans today have no health insurance and even more are underinsured, with high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.035 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8212 December 1, 2015 
deductibles and high copayments; when 
we pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs and when one out of five Americans is unable to fill the prescriptions written by their doc-tors because drug prices are so high, what this legislation does is move us in exactly the wrong direction. It would throw more than 17 million Americans off of health insurance by gutting the Affordable Care Act. So we have a health care crisis, and this bill makes the crisis much worse. 
Every other major country on Earth 
guarantees health care for all of their people as a right, but this bill would add 17 million more Americans to the ranks of the uninsured, creating a situ-ation in which we would have 46 mil-lion Americans without any health in-surance at all. 
I think any sensible person would ask 
an obvious question: What happens to people who lose their health insurance? How many of those people will get much sicker than they otherwise would have because they are unable to go to a doctor when they need to go? How many of those people will not be able to get the prescription drugs they need? In fact, how many of those peo-ple will die? Let’s be frank. When we throw 17 million people off of health in-surance, people will die because they don’t go to a doctor when they should and they don’t go to the hospital when they should. 
We know that before the passage of 
the Affordable Care Act, 45,000 Ameri-cans died each year because they lacked health insurance and didn’t get to a doctor in time. I have talked to many doctors in Vermont and through-out this country who tell me that yes, of course, people walk into their door much sicker than they should have been. 
When the doctor asks, ‘‘Why didn’t 
you come 6 months ago when you were sick?’’ patients say, ‘‘I didn’t have any health insurance and I couldn’t come.’’ By the time they walk in the door, too often it is too late. That is not what should be happening in America, but that is what will increasingly happen if this legislation were to pass. 
In the United States of America, 
when a person is sick, that person should be able to access health care and see a doctor. That is not a radical idea. And when a person goes to the hospital, that person should not end up in bankruptcy. 
Instead of throwing 17 million Ameri-
cans off of health insurance, what we should be doing is expanding on the im-provements of the Affordable Care Act to make health care a right of all peo-ple, not just a privilege. 
Further, let’s be clear—and I think 
everybody here in the Senate under-stands this—the bill we are debating today is a complete waste of time. This is just another reason why the Amer-ican people have so little respect for the Congress. There are major crises facing our country, and the Republican leadership is once again attempting to repeal ObamaCare. I kind of lost track 
of how many times this effort has been made. I think in the House it is over 50. I don’t know how many it is here in the Senate. Let me break the news to my Republican colleagues, although I am sure they already got the news: Presi-dent Obama is not going to sign a bill repealing ObamaCare. I think that is not likely to happen. And what we are doing today is just a waste of time. 
Let’s also be clear—this bill doesn’t 
just gut the Affordable Care Act, it also eliminates funding for Planned Parenthood, which provides health care services to nearly 3 million women each and every year. 
Last week three people were killed 
and nine were wounded at a shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colo-rado Springs, CO. While we still don’t have all of the details as to what moti-vated the shooter, what is clear is that Planned Parenthood has been the sub-ject of vicious and unsubstantiated statements attacking an organization that provides critical care for millions of Americans and, in fact, provides very high quality care. 
I, for one, strongly support Planned 
Parenthood and the work it is doing. In my view, instead of trying to defund Planned Parenthood, we should be ex-panding funding so that every woman in this country gets the health care she needs. 
It is also my sincere hope that people 
throughout this country, including my colleagues here in the Senate and across the Capitol in the House, under-stand that bitter, vitriolic rhetoric can have serious, unintended consequences. 
Now is not the time to continue a 
witch hunt for an organization that provides critical health care services— from reproductive health care, to can-cer screenings and preventive serv-ices—to millions of Americans. No one is forced to seek care at Planned Par-enthood. It is a choice—a choice mil-lions of women make freely and proud-ly. 
This legislation is not only bad legis-
lation and it is not only a waste of time because if it passes, it will be ve-toed, but what it also tells the Amer-ican people is that the Republican leadership is not prepared to discuss or to address the major crises facing our country. 
Just today a report came out stating 
that the top 20 wealthiest people in this country own more wealth than the bottom half of the American people—20 people on one side and 150 million peo-ple on the other. The level of wealth in-equality in America is grotesque and unacceptable. Not one word in this bill addresses that issue. 
Today in America, millions of our 
people are working longer hours for lower wages. They are working two or three jobs just to survive. Yet 58 per-cent of all new income created is going to the top 1 percent. Is there anything 
in this legislation that would raise wages for millions of American work-ers who are struggling to keep their families solvent? This is a bad piece of legislation. It is 
a piece of legislation that is not going to go anyplace because it is going to be vetoed, and it is a piece of legislation that I think speaks to why the Amer-ican people are giving up in so many ways on the political process. People are struggling all over this country. They are hurting. They are working longer hours for lower wages. They can’t afford to send their kids to col-lege. They can’t afford childcare. They are worried about high unemployment. This bill attempts to repeal ObamaCare. That is where we are. 
I hope very strongly that this bill is 
defeated. If it is not defeated, I hope and expect the President will veto it. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 30 minutes in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, let 
me take my colleagues back 51⁄2years 
to February 25, 2010, and the White House health care summit at the Blair House—the same place where Senator Arthur Vandenberg sat down with George Marshall. They met privately to discuss the postwar plans after World War II. The result of that discus-sion became the Marshall Plan. It was the perfect setting—it is the perfect setting for a serious, bipartisan discus-sion for how to improve health care for Americans. 
Thirty-six Members of Congress went 
to the Blair House that day at the invi-tation of President Obama. We were there to discuss the health care bill passed by the Democrats, what is now known as Obamacare. We stayed there 
all day. The President stayed there too. It was televised continuously. Both then-Minority Leader Boehner and Republican Leader M
CCONNELL  
asked me to lead off in speaking for Republicans. 
I said to the President that day that 
I was there not only to represent the view of Republicans but that I was there also as a former Governor and that I would like to have a chance to speak for the Governors as well be-cause Governors managing States had a big stake in all of this. 
I also said that I was at the summit 
to represent the views of a great many of the American people who have tried to say in every way they knew how— through town meetings, through sur-veys, through elections in Virginia and New Jersey and Massachusetts—that they oppose the health care bill that was passed in the Senate in the middle of a snowstorm on Christmas Eve. 
I warned the President then about 
the unfortunate consequences of Obamacare for millions of Americans. I said to the President that this would send an unfunded Medicaid mandate to States. I said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.036 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8213 December 1, 2015 
‘‘It will cut Medicare by about half a tril-
lion dollars and spend most of that on new programs. . . . It means there will be about a half trillion dollars of new taxes in it. It means that for millions of Americans, pre-miums will go up, because when people pay those new taxes, premiums will go up, and they will also go up because of the govern-ment mandates.’’ 
That is what I said 51⁄2years ago. I 
said directly to the President then that instead of this partisan plan passed without the support of a single Repub-lican in the Senate, we Republicans were prepared to work with him to re-form health care. I said 5
1⁄2years ago to 
the President that we need to start over and go step-by-step in a different direction toward the goal of reducing health care costs. I said then that this means working together in the way that General Marshall and Senator Vandenberg did following World War II, and it means going step-by-step to-gether to re-earn the trust of the American people. Those were my words to the President of the United States at the health care summit 5
1⁄2years 
ago. 
The President and the congressional 
Democrats listened all day, but they didn’t take any of my advice and hard-
ly any of the advice of my Republican colleagues about what the disastrous outcomes of Obamacare would be. So now, 5
1⁄2years after the law was passed 
and 2 years into its implementation, we can say one thing without question: The unfortunate reality for the Amer-ican people is that they are struggling with Obamacare and that 5
1⁄2years ago 
Republicans were right. 
Obamacare was and is an historic 
mistake. Republicans agreed with the President and his party that our health care system was broken. We agreed that it needed to be fixed, but we ar-gued that the President was moving in the wrong direction. What Obamacare did was to expand a broken system that everyone knew was too expensive. Republicans said so at the summit in February of 2010, and the facts today show we were right. 
Let’s take a closer look at what Re-
publicans said then, nearly 6 years ago, and what unfortunately came true. Let’s look also at what Democrats pre-dicted back then—or better put, what they promised—and which of their pre-dictions and promises came true. Let’s go through them one by one. 
First, Medicaid. During my opening 
remarks at the Blair House at the sum-mit, I said this: ‘‘Nothing used to make me madder as Governor than when Washington politicians would get to-gether, pass a bill, take credit for it, and send me the bill to pay.’’ That is exactly what Obamacare does with the expansion of Medicaid. In addition, it dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us would want to be a part of because 50 percent of the doctors won’t see new patients. So it is like giving someone a ticket to a bus line when the bus runs only half the time. 
That is what I said 5
1⁄2years ago. 
Medicaid had already always been one of the Federal Government’s biggest 
unfunded mandates, and expanding that mandate on States would only wreak more havoc on State budgets that, especially at that time during the height of the recession, were already struggling. Our former Tennessee Gov-ernor Phil Bredesen, a Democrat, said that the proposed Medicaid expansion 
under Obamacare would represent ‘‘the mother of all unfunded mandates.’’ 
When I was Governor of Tennessee in 
the 1980s, Medicaid made up only about 8 percent of Tennessee’s State budget. By last year it was 30.6 percent. States paying more and more to expand Med-icaid means having less to spend on other priorities like higher education, roads, and schools. In 2012, I said that over the prior 10 years, Tennessee’s Medicaid costs had gone up 43 percent, forcing the State to decrease its fund-ing to colleges and universities by 11 percent. As a result, tuition went up 120 percent over those 10 years. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, the law will add $14 million new beneficiaries to struggling State Medicaid programs by 2025, at an extra cost of $46 billion to States and $847 billion to Federal taxpayers by 2025. Why is that so bad? I said at the time— and it is still true today—Medicaid’s reimbursement rates are so low that only about one-half of the doctors will even see Medicaid patients and many of those aren’t accepting new ones. It is not hard to see why expanding a failed program isn’t good for Ameri-cans who need better health care. 
Another thing to consider is that 
States still haven’t had to pay yet for covering the new Medicaid enrollees under the expansion. The Federal Gov-ernment promised to pay 100 percent for the first few years, but starting in 2017—in just a couple of years—States will have to start paying 5 percent and eventually up to 10 percent in 2020. That may not seem like much in Wash-ington terms, but it is a lot of money in State budgets. States may have to start raising income taxes or gas taxes or find some other place to find the money. Regardless of how it is paid for, expanding Medicaid puts a huge dent in State budgets. Does that mean less money for teachers’ salaries? Does that mean tuition is going to have to go even higher at community colleges and State universities? 
Tennessee hasn’t expanded Medicaid, 
but in its proposal to expand the pro-gram called Insure Tennessee, Gov-ernor Haslam anticipated an additional $35.6 million in costs to the State in 2017. In Illinois, Medicaid expansion will cost the State $208 million in 2020. In Kentucky’s expansion, the State will have to pay $74 million in 2017 and an estimated $363 million in 2021. Gov-ernor-elect Bevin hasn’t started look-ing for ways to pay for that increase yet because he plans to try to repeal it. If you look at the figures you can see why he is thinking about it. We were right about Obamacare’s enormous im-pact on Medicaid and in turn Medic-aid’s huge negative effect on State 
budgets. 
Second, higher premiums. When my 
turn came at the White House summit, this is what I said directly to the Presi-dent: ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office report says that premiums will rise in the individual market’’ as a result of Obamacare. The President turned to me and said I was wrong about that. 
A little bit later in the day, I gave 
the President a letter from the Con-gressional Budget Office showing that they predicted I would be right, that new non-group policies would be about 10 to 13 percent higher in 2016 than the average for non-group coverage in that same year under the current law. In that same letter, I reminded the Presi-dent, that his own Chief Actuary for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services agreed with the Congressional Budget Office. 
You might be thinking that things 
would have turned out better than what I, the Congressional Budget Of-fice, the Joint Committee on Taxation, and the Chief Actuary for CMS had pre-dicted, but we all, unfortunately, were right. We were all right. Obamacare’s premiums were and are higher for Americans with individual health care plans. We are talking about nearly 16 million Americans who purchase these individual plans. They buy these poli-cies for themselves, and the cost of these plans is going through the roof. 
On June 1, 2015, the U.S. Department 
of Health and Human Services an-nounced that nearly 700 individual and small-group health plans in 41 States plus the District of Columbia had re-quested double-digit premium in-creases for 2016. In Tennessee, the rate hike was 36 percent; in Maryland, 26 percent. On average, 2016 premium in-creases for Oregon’s biggest insurer on the State health exchange will be over 25 percent; for some smaller providers, more than 30 percent; for South Dako-tans, the will pay 63 percent higher premiums for health insurance through the exchange. The list of States experi-encing health care spikes goes on. 
A recent report of the National Bu-
reau of Economic Research confirmed this, going back to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which predicted in 2010 the premiums would go up. They said recently that pre-miums on the Obamacare exchange will increase by 6 percent on average every year between 2016 and 2024. Yet 5
1⁄2years ago, the President and con-
gressional Democrats told Republicans time and time again during the debate that we were wrong, that the law would decrease premiums, when in fact our predictions, the administration’s own estimates, estimates from the National Bureau of Economic Research and the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice, all confirmed premiums for indi-vidual policies are going through the roof. 
Third, Republicans said 5
1⁄2years ago 
that Obamacare would increase taxes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.037 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8214 December 1, 2015 
It did. Obamacare added 21 tax in-
creases to the Tax Code. That is $1 tril-lion over 10 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office. A dozen of these target middle-income Americans, in clear violation of what the President had promised. 
Then there was our fourth prediction: 
Obamacare will cost jobs. A few years after the law passed, I met with a large group of chief executives of restaurant companies in America. The service and hospitality industries are the largest employers in our country. Usually their employees are low-income, usu-ally minority Americans. 
In the meeting, the chief executive of 
Ruby Tuesday, Inc., which has about 800 restaurants, said to me—and said he didn’t mind being quoted—that the cost to his company of implementing the new health care law was equal to or more than his net profit for that year, and as a result, he wasn’t planning to build any new restaurants in the United States. 
An even larger restaurant company 
represented at the meeting said that because of their analysis of the law, in-stead of operating their store with 90 employees, their goal would be to oper-ate it with 70 employees. That means fewer employees and fewer jobs because of Obamacare. 
More recently, another franchise 
business which has 550 employees told me: We have already begun cutting the hours of our employees to get well below the 30-hour threshold, and all of our new job postings are for part-time employees. 
This has a bad effect on the em-
ployer-employee relations, and, as many Tennesseans have told me, 30 hours of work isn’t enough to support a family. Those lost hours are because of Obamacare. 
These are just a few examples of 
basic economics. It heaps costs on em-ployers. They have less money to ex-pand, so there is less money to hire workers. They heap on even higher costs. They cut hours. With higher costs, they lay off employees. We have seen all three as a result of the em-ployer mandate that says employers with more than 50 full-time employees need to provide health insurance. 
What is more, Obamacare went a step 
further and for the first time in our history defined ‘‘full time’’ as a 30-hour workweek. I asked the former Demo-cratic chairman of our HELP Com-mittee: Where did that come from? France? Nobody knew where that came from. Full-time work in the United States has not been typically consid-ered 30 hours, but it is in Obamacare. It is causing large numbers of employees to work only 28 or 29 hours because their employers can’t afford to hire them as full-time employees. 
The Congressional Budget Office has 
projected that Obamacare will result in 2 million fewer jobs in 2017 and 2.5 mil-lion fewer full-time jobs by 2024. At least 450 employers across the Nation, including 100 school districts, have said Obamacare forced them to cut posi-
tions or reduce worker hours. 
What we Republicans said would hap-
pen years ago was this: that Medicaid would destroy State budgets—it did; that premiums and taxes would go up— they have; and that jobs would be lost—they have. It has all, unfortu-nately, come true. 
What did President Obama and con-
gressional Democrats promise us about this law at about the time of the health care summit 5
1⁄2years ago? Were 
they right or were they wrong? One of the most infamous promises, which PolitiFact named—and I will use their words—as the 2013 ‘‘Lie of the Year,’’ was the President’s ‘‘If you like your plan, you can keep it.’’ 
When Obamacare was fully imple-
mented in 2014, millions of Americans learned very quickly that they wouldn’t be able to keep the plans they liked. 
In October 2013, I received a letter 
from a woman, Emilie, whom I met. She lives in Middle Tennessee, and she has lupus. She was one of 16,000 Ten-nesseans who were part of a plan called CoverTN. She wrote me about her chronic illness. She said she was deemed uninsurable and that the only way to insure her was through CoverTN. She was glad to have that coverage, and she was glad to hear about Obamacare. Then she learned the truth: 
‘‘I cannot keep my current plan because it 
does not meet the standards of coverage. This alone is a travesty. CoverTN has been a lifeline [for me]. 
With the discontinuation of CoverTN, I am 
being forced to purchase a plan . . . that will increase [my costs] by a staggering 410%. My out of pocket expense will increase by more than $6,000.00 a year. Please help me under-stand how this is ‘affordable.’’’ 
This was Emilie in Middle Tennessee. 
We could spend all day telling stories 
of Americans who liked their health care plans but weren’t able to keep them under Obamacare. 
In November 2013 that looked as if it 
might be as many as 5 million Ameri-cans. The administration then did some last-minute regulatory fixes and lowered that number. But still, many Americans lost their plans, as Emilie did. 
The President also said: 
‘‘Medicare is a government program. But 
don’t worry: I’m not going to touch it.’’ 
The problem was he did touch it; $700 
billion worth was taken from Medicare to finance Obamacare. 
I said during the debate in 2009 that 
Obamacare would cut ‘‘grandma’s Medicare to spend on somebody other than grandma—a new entitlement pro-gram.’’ I said Obamacare would do that at a time when the Medicare trustees have told us that Medicare is going broke if we don’t fix it. That is their job to tell us that. I said then: ‘‘I think what they are saying to us is if you are going to cut grandma’s Medicare, you ought to at least spend it on grandma instead of spending it on somebody else.’’ Again, the President went against 
the promise he repeated over and over and raided a program that serves over 55 million older Americans. 
In summary, unfortunately Repub-
licans were right when we said 5
1⁄2 
years ago that Obamacare would force spikes in State Medicaid spending, in-crease premiums and taxes, and hurt jobs. As right as we were, the Demo-crats were wrong. They said that you could keep your plan if you liked it, and they were wrong about that. They said Medicare wouldn’t be affected, and they were wrong about that. 
Finally, we all agreed that health 
care needed to be fixed. So how did we end up with a law that was such an his-toric mistake? Well, one big reason is the debate over Obamacare wasn’t real-ly a debate. If it had been, we might not find ourselves in a mess today. 
The Senate Democratic leader then 
had a filibuster-proof majority. He didn’t think he needed Republican ideas; so they didn’t take them. They passed a Democratic bill. They voted for it; we voted against it. We sat here in a snowstorm on Christmas Eve when they had 60 votes, and they unveiled a bill filled to the brim with items from each Democratic Members’ wish list. 
Along with our warnings about what 
would happen, we offered a lot of thoughtful ideas about how to fix the health care system in a way that we thought would lower costs and expand access, while making sure patients didn’t lose control over their own health care. But Democrats also had a majority in the House. They had a Democratic President. They didn’t need our ideas, and so we got Obamacare. 
So what do we Republicans have to 
offer Americans? 
Mr. President, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator has 9 minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Pre-
siding Officer. I will wrap up. I see the Senator from Washington on the floor. 
Throughout the Obamacare debate, 
Senator M
CCONNELL , who was the mi-
nority leader at the time, was criti-cized for not coming up with a com-prehensive plan of his own. We told the President and the congressional Demo-crats not to hold their breath waiting for ‘‘McConnell Care.’’ Don’t hold your breath waiting for Senator M
CCONNELL  
to come down to the Senate floor with a wheelbarrow filled with a 2,700-page bill of his own, because that is not how we believe the health care system ought to be fixed. We are policy sceptics. We doubt that anyone in Washington—Republicans, Democrats, Independents—have the wisdom to fix such a complex system everywhere in America all at once. 
The wisest course would be to try to 
fix our health care system step by step in a way that emphasizes more choices and lower costs. This approach to health care reform is not something 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.039 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8215 December 1, 2015 
that Republicans cooked up last 
month. In fact, if you examine the C ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD , you will find that 
Republican Senators proposed a step- by-step approach to confronting our Nation’s health care problems and other challenges 173 different times on the floor of the Senate during the year 2009. Some 173 times we talked about 
our step-by-step different direction for health care—almost none of which was included in Obamacare because they had the votes and they didn’t need our ideas. 
I had hoped the President would lis-
ten to us and work with us at Blair House, emphasize more freedom, more choices and lower costs. But that didn’t happen. We suggested allowing individuals to buy a health care plan in any State that meets their needs. We suggested reducing junk lawsuits against doctors, which only increase costs. We suggested expanding health savings accounts and other mecha-nisms, allowing individuals to control how they spend their own health care dollars. We suggested returning power to the States to regulate their own markets and lower costs. We suggested allowing small businesses to assist em-ployees in purchasing the insurance and look at other ways to support em-ployers offering health care benefits to their employees. We had specific legis-lative proposals to do these things. We suggested lowering barriers at the Food and Drug Administration so that innovative drugs and devices could get to the market faster and putting the health sector in charge of health infor-mation technology. We suggested in-suring Americans with pre-existing conditions in a way through high-risk pools and other insurance incentives. And there are many other ideas that we thought then and we think now we could work together on in a bipartisan way to lower costs, to increase access, and to put patients back in charge of their own health care. 
This week, though, we are talking 
about repealing Obamacare, but for the last 6 years we have also been talking about a completely different path of providing health care at a lower cost to more Americans. Those steps were out-lined in 2009, 2010, and 2011, and they are the same steps that we should be taking today. 
I have been saying since 2009 that the 
historic mistake with Obamacare was that we had deliberately expanded a broken health care system that already cost too much instead of moving step by step to create a system where mil-lions of Americans had choices of plans that fit their needs and fit their budg-ets. 
The way we should accomplish this is 
the same way we passed Medicare, the same way we passed Social Security, the same way the Congress passed the Civil Rights Act, and in the same way—I hope and the Senator from Washington hopes—we will pass a broad reauthorization of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act in the next couple of weeks. None of this 
is done by cramming a bill down the throats of the American people with 60 votes during a snowstorm on Christmas Eve. 
I renew our invitation to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and if he doesn’t accept our invitation, to the next President of the United States. 
To our colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle: Let’s forget about party; let’s forget about this side or that side. Let’s side with the American people whose premiums have gone up, who lost plans they like, whose Medicare has been raided, whose State budgets have been destroyed, and whose jobs have been lost. Work with Republicans in Congress to fix the damage Obamacare has done to health care in America. Work with us to replace Obamacare with real reforms at lower costs so more Americans can afford to buy insurance. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD my 
comments at the health care summit in February of 2010 and the letter that I handed to President Obama following our debate at the health care summit in 2010. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Thursday, February 25, 2010] 
ALEXANDER GIVES REPUBLICAN HEALTH CARE 
REMARKS AT WHITE HOUSE SUMMIT  
OUTLINES REPUBLICAN STEPS TO FIX HEALTH  
CARE , CHALLENGES DEMOCRATS TO TAKE REC -
ONCILIATION OFF THE TABLE  
WASHINGTON .—U.S. Senator Lamar Alex-
ander (R–Tenn.), chairman of the Senate Re-publican Conference, today delivered the fol-lowing opening remarks on behalf of Repub-lican members of Congress attending the White House health care summit: 
‘‘Mr. President, thank you very much for 
the invitation. Several of us were a part of the summits that you had a year ago, and so I’ve been asked to try to express what Re-publicans believe about where we’ve gotten since then. As a former governor, I also want to try to represent governors’ views, because they have a big stake in this; I know you met with some governors just in the last few days. We also believe that our views rep-resent the views of a great number of the American people who have tried to say in every way they know how—through town meetings, through surveys, through elec-tions in Virginia and New Jersey and Massa-chusetts, that they oppose the health care bill that passed the Senate on Christmas Eve. 
‘‘And more importantly, we believe we 
have a better idea. And that’s to take many of the examples that you just mentioned about health care costs and make that our goal: reducing health care costs. We need to start over and go step by step toward that goal. And we would like to briefly mention— others will talk more about it as we go along—what those ideas are. 
‘‘I would like to begin with a story. When 
I was elected governor, some of the media went up to the Democratic leaders in the leg-islature and said, ‘What are you going to do with this new young Republican governor?’ And they said, ‘We’re going help him, be-cause if he succeeds, our state succeeds.’ And they did that—that’s the way we worked for eight years. But often, they had to persuade me to change my direction to get our state 
where it needed to go. I would like to say the same thing to you. I mean, we want you to succeed. Because if you succeed, our country succeeds. But we would like respectfully to change the direction you’re going on health care costs, and that’s what I want to men-tion here the in next few minutes. 
‘‘I was trying to think if there were any 
kind of event that this could be compared with. And I was thinking of the Detroit Auto Show, that if you had invited us out to 
watch you unveil the latest model that you and your engineers had created, and asked us to help sell it to the American people. When we look at it, it’s the same model we saw last year. We didn’t like it, and neither did they, because we don’t think it gets us where we need to go, and we can’t afford it. As they also say in Detroit, ‘We think we have a bet-ter idea.’ 
‘‘Your stories are a lot like the stories I 
heard when I went home for Christmas after we had 25 days of consecutive debate and voted on Christmas Eve on health care. A friend of mine from Tullahoma, Tennessee, said, ‘I hope you’ll kill that health care bill.’ Then before the words rattled out of his mouth, he said, ‘But, we’ve got to do some-thing about health care costs. My wife has breast cancer. She got it 11 years ago and our insurance is $2,000 a month. We couldn’t af-ford it if our employer weren’t helping us do that. So we’ve got to do something.’ That’s where we are, but to do that, we have to start by taking the current bill and putting it on the shelf and starting from a clean sheet of paper. 
‘‘Now, you have presented ideas. There’s an 
11-page memo—I think it’s important for the people to understand that there’s not a presi-dential bill; there are good suggestions and ideas on the web. It’s a lot like the Senate bill. It has more taxes, more subsidies, more spending. So what that means is, when it’s written, it will be 2,700 pages, more or less. It will probably have a lot of surprises in it. It means it will cut Medicare by about half a trillion dollars and spend most of that on new programs, not on Medicare and making it stronger, even though it’s going broke in 2015. It means there will be about a half tril-lion dollars of new taxes in it. It means that for millions of Americans, premiums will go up, because when people pay those new taxes, premiums will go up, and they will also go up because of the government man-dates. It means that from a governor’s point of view, it’s going to be what our Democratic governor calls the ‘mother of all unfunded mandates.’ 
‘‘Nothing used to make me madder as a 
governor than when Washington politicians would get together, pass a bill, take credit for it, and send me the bill to pay. That’s ex-actly what this does, with the expansion of Medicaid. In addition, it dumps 15 to 18 mil-lion low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of, because 50 percent of doctors won’t see new patients. So it’s like giving someone a ticket to a bus line where the buses only run half the time. 
‘‘When fully implemented, the bill would 
spend about $2.5 trillion a year, and it still has sweetheart deals in it—one is out, some are still in. What’s fair about taxpayers in Louisiana paying less than taxpayers in Ten-nessee? What’s fair about protecting seniors in Florida and not protecting seniors in Cali-fornia and Illinois and Wyoming? 
‘‘Our view, with all respect, is that this is 
a car that can’t be recalled and fixed, and that we ought to start over. But we’d like to start over. When I go down to the Senate floor, I’ve been there a lot on this issue, some of my Democratic friends will say, ‘Well, Lamar, where’s the Republican com-prehensive bill?’ And I say back, ‘Well, if it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.044 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8216 December 1, 2015 
you’re waiting for Mitch McConnell to roll in 
a wheelbarrow with a 2,700-page Republican comprehensive bill, it’s not going to happen because we have come to the conclusion Con-gress doesn’t do comprehensive well.’ We have watched the comprehensive economy- wide, cap and trade; we have watched the comprehensive immigration bill, we have the best Senators we have got working on that in a bipartisan way; we have watched the comprehensive health care bill. And they fall of their own weight. 
‘‘Our country is too big, too complicated, 
too decentralized for Washington to write a few rules about remaking 17 percent of the economy all at once. That sort of thinking works in a classroom, but it doesn’t work very well in our big, complicated country. It doesn’t work for most of us and if you look around the table—and I’m sure it’s true on the Democratic side—we have got shoe store owners and small business people and former county judges and we’ve got three doctors. We’ve got people who are used to solving problems, step by step. 
‘‘That’s why we said ‘step by step’ 173 
times on the Senate floor in the last six months of last year in support of our step- by-step plan for reducing health care costs. I would like to just mention those in a sen-tence or two: 
First, you mentioned Mike Enzi’s work on 
the small business health care plan. That’s a good start. It came up in the Senate. He will explain why it covers more people, costs less, and helps small businesses offer insurance. 
Two, helping Americans buy insurance 
across state lines. You’ve mentioned that yourself. Most of the governors I’ve talked to think that would be a good way to increase competition. 
Number three, put an end to junk lawsuits 
against doctors. In our state, half the coun-ties’ pregnant women have to drive to the big city to have prenatal health care or to have their baby, because the medical mal-practice suits have driven up the insurance policies so high that doctors leave the rural counties. 
Number four, give states incentives to 
lower costs. 
Number five, expanding health savings ac-
counts. 
Number six, House Republicans have some 
ideas about how my friend in Tullahoma can continue to afford insurance for his wife who has had breast cancer; because she has a pre-existing condition, it makes it more difficult to buy insurance. 
‘‘So there’re six ideas—they’re just six 
steps. Maybe the first six, but combined with six others and six more and six others, they get us in the right direction. 
‘‘Now, some say we need to rein in the in-
surance companies; maybe we do. But I think it’s important to note if we took all of the profits of the health insurance compa-nies entirely away, every single penny of it, we could pay for two days of health insur-ance for Americans. And that would leave 363 days with costs that are too high. So that’s why we continue to insist that as much as we want to expand access and to do other things in health care, that we shouldn’t ex-pand a system that’s this expensive, that the best way to increase access is to reduce costs. 
‘‘Now, in conclusion, I have a suggestion 
and a request for how to make this a bipar-tisan and truly productive session. And I hope that those who are here will agree, I’ve got a pretty good record of working across party lines, and of supporting the president when I believe he’s right, even though other members of my party might not on that oc-casion. And my request is this: before we go further today, that the Democratic Congres-sional leaders and you, Mr. President, re-nounce this idea of going back to the Con-
gress and jamming your bill through on a partisan vote through a little-used process we call reconciliation. 
‘‘You can say that this process has been 
used before, and that would be right, but it’s 
never been used for anything like this. It’s not appropriate to use to rewrite the rules for 17 percent of the economy. Senator Byrd, who is the constitutional historian of the Senate, has said that it would be an outrage to run the health care bill through the Sen-ate like a freight train with this process. The Senate is the only place where the rights to the minority are protected, and sometimes, as Senator Byrd has said, the minority can be right. 
‘‘I remember reading Alexis de 
Tocqueville’s book Democracy in America, in which he said that the greatest threat to the American democracy would be the ‘tyr-anny of the majority.’ 
‘‘When Republicans were trying to change 
the rules a few years ago, you and I were both there. Senator McCain was very in-volved in that—getting a majority vote for judges. Then-Senator Obama said the fol-lowing, ‘What we worry about is essentially having two chambers, the House and the Senate, who are simply majoritarian, abso-lute power on either side. That’s just not what the founders intended.’ Which is an-other way to saying that the founders in-tended the Senate to be a place where the majority didn’t rule on big issues. 
‘‘Senator Reid in his book, writing about 
the ‘Gang of 14,’ said that the end of the fili-buster requiring 60 votes to pass a bill ‘would be the end of the United States Senate.’ And I think that’s why Lyndon Johnson, in the ’60s, wrote the civil rights bill in Everett Dirksen’s office, the Republican Leader, be-cause he understood that by having a bipar-tisan bill, not only would pass it, but it would help the country accept it. Senator Pat Moynihan has said before he died that he couldn’t remember a big piece of social legis-lation that passed that wasn’t bipartisan. 
‘‘And after World War II, in this very house 
and in the room back over here, Democratic President Truman’s Secretary of State, Gen-eral Marshall, would meet once a week with Senator Vandenberg, the Republican Chair-man of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, and write the Marshall Plan. And General Marshall said that sometimes Van was my right hand, and sometimes he was his right hand. 
‘‘And we know how [Congressmen] John 
Boehner and George Miller did that on No Child Left Behind. [Senators] Mike Enzi and Ted Kennedy wrote 35 bills together; you mentioned that in your opening remarks. You and I and many other others worked to-gether on the America COMPETES Act. We know how to do that—and we can do that on health care as well. 
‘‘But to do that, we’ll have to renounce 
jamming it through in a partisan way. And if we don’t, then the rest of what we do today will not be relevant. The only thing bipar-tisan will be the opposition to the bill, and we’ll be saying to the American people—who I’ve tried to say this in every way they know how—town halls and elections and surveys— that they don’t want this bill, that they would like for us to start over. So if we can do that—start over—we can write a health care bill. It means putting aside jamming it through. It means working together the way General Marshall and Senator Vandenberg did. It means reducing health care costs and making that our goal for now, not focusing on the other goals. And it means going step by step together to re-earn the trust of the American people. We would like to do that, and we appreciate the opportunity that you have given us today to say what our ideas are, and to move forward. Thank you very 
much.’’ 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, February 25, 2010. 
Hon. B ARACK OBAMA , 
President, The White House, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT , During today’s dis-
cussion on health care, you and I disagreed about whether the health care bill that passed the Senate on a party-line vote on De-cember 24 would cause health insurance pre-miums to rise even faster than if Congress did not act. I believe premiums will rise be-cause of independent analysis of the bill: 
On November 30, the non-partisan Congres-
sional Budget Office (CBO) wrote in a letter to Senator Bayh that ‘‘CBO and JCT esti-mate that the average premium per person covered (including dependents) for new nongroup policies would be about 10 percent to 13 percent higher in 2016 than the average premium for nongroup coverage in that same year under current law.’’ 
When you asserted that CBO says pre-
miums will decline by 14 to 20 percent under the Senate bill, you are leaving out an im-portant part of CBO’s calculations. These re-ductions are overwhelmed by a 27 to 30 per-cent increase in premiums due to the man-dated coverage requirements in the legisla-tion. CBO added those figures together to ar-rive at a net increase of 10 to 13 percent—as shown in their chart in that same letter. 
In that same letter, CBO wrote, ‘‘The legis-
lation would impose several new fees on firms in the health sector. New fees would be imposed on providers of health insurance and on manufacturers and importers of medical devices. Both of those fees would be largely passed through to consumers in the form of higher premiums for private coverage.’’ 
On December 10, the chief actuary for the 
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices—who works for your administration— concurred with the CEO. In his analysis, the actuary said, ‘‘We anticipate such fees would 
generally be passed through to health con-sumers in the form of higher drug and device prices and higher insurance premiums.’’ He also said, ‘‘The additional demand for health services could be difficult to meet initially with existing health provider resources and could lead to price increases, cost-shifting, and/or changes in providers’ willingness to treat patients with low-reimbursement health coverage.’’ 
For these reasons, the Senate-passed bill 
will, indeed, cause Americans’ insurance pre-miums to rise, which is the opposite of the goal I believe we should pursue. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR ALEXANDER . 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
f 
WOMEN’S ACCESS TO HEALTH 
CARE 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, like 
many of my colleagues I am deeply dis-appointed that Republican leaders have dedicated this week to partisan, polit-ical attacks rather than working with us to deliver results to the families we represent. So I wish to take a few min-utes today to talk about the work we could and should be doing and make clear again that Republican efforts to undermine families’ health care are nothing but a dead end. 
I am pleased that over the last few 
months Democrats and Republicans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.011 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8217 December 1, 2015 
have been able to work together on 
some very important issues. We passed another bipartisan budget deal. We have worked on a bill together to fix the No Child Left Behind law that is broken, and Republicans and Demo-crats are now working to pass a trans-portation bill that would do a lot to help fix our crumbling infrastructure. But there is certainly a lot more that we should be doing to boost wages, to expand opportunity, and to make sure our economy is growing from the mid-dle out, not from the top down. I would hope that we would be working on a way to raise the minimum wage or en-sure that working parents can earn paid sick days or make higher edu-cation more affordable and accessible for our students. 
With the holidays just around the 
corner, we should be focused on what struggling families need to make ends meet. Those are the kinds of issues I would like to be working on and many more, but instead Republican leaders are insisting on tilting at tea party windmills by trying to dismantle the Affordable Care Act for the umpteenth time. 
This bill is not going to be signed 
into law. As we all know, this is just a political gesture here. But I want to be very clear about what it would mean for millions of men, women, and chil-dren across the country if this were to be signed into law. The policies that are being put forward could cause mil-lions of people to lose their health care coverage, make premiums skyrocket, increase costs for our hospitals and for our providers, cut off support for im-portant public health programs by re-pealing the prevention fund, and take us back to the bad old days when insur-ance companies, not patients, had all of the power. 
Democrats believe strongly that 
while the Affordable Care Act was an historic step forward, the work did not end when the law passed—far from it. 
We are willing to work with anyone 
on either side of the aisle who has good ideas about how to build on the progress that has been made so far and continue making health care more af-fordable, expanding coverage, and im-proving quality of care for our fami-lies. 
So it is very disappointing that Re-
publicans instead continue to insist that when it comes to health care, poli-tics—not families—comes first. This is especially because—again to be very clear—this legislation has no chance of becoming law. The very same is true when it comes to this latest attempt to cut off women’s access to health care. 
After years of trying to turn back the 
clock on women’s constitutionally pro-tected rights and to undermine Planned Parenthood, Republicans should have gotten their fill of polit-ical attacks on women’s health. Clear-ly, they have not. 
In the wake of the tragedy in Colo-
rado Springs last week, I have thought a lot about how important it is that we do more to insure communities are pro-
tected from that kind of violence and that we continue to stand with Planned Parenthood as it helps so many peo-ple—women and men—get the care they need. 
So it is very frustrating that my Re-
publican colleagues are doubling down this week on their efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and get in be-
tween women and their health care. If Republicans were to succeed in the bill they have before us in defunding Planned Parenthood—our Nation’s largest women’s health care provider— with the legislation we are debating today, they would undermine a critical source of health care that one in five women have relied on for cancer screenings, for HIV tests, and for so much more. They would make it harder for women to exercise their constitu-tionally protected right to make their own choices about their own bodies and their own doctors. 
By dismantling critical health care 
reforms, this proposal would cause mil-lions of women to lose their health care coverage and access to everything from birth control to prenatal care. That is simply not going to happen— not on my watch, not on Democrats’ watch, and not on President Obama’s watch. Republicans may want to go back to the days when being a woman was a preexisting condition. They may see this entire bizarre effort as nothing more than a great opportunity to pan-der to their extreme tea party base by attacking health care and Planned Par-enthood. But for millions of women and families, the policies we are debating today are no political exercise; instead, if enacted, they would represent a deeply harmful step backward—a step away from building a health care sys-tem that is affordable, accessible, and high quality, one that contributes to economic security and opportunity. 
Women and families have seen these 
extreme Republican attempts many times before, and, frankly, I think they have had enough. They don’t want Con-gress fighting over whether to roll back a law that has helped millions of people get health care coverage and bolstered our Nation’s health care sys-tem, a law that has been upheld time and time again by the Supreme Court, and they believe firmly that politicians in Congress should have better things to do than interfere with women’s con-stitutionally protected health care choices. I am sure they would rather see us working to actually improve health care and the many other chal-lenges our country faces. 
Democrats agree with that. We want 
to move health care forward, not back-ward, for women and families, and we want to do the other important work across the aisle to strengthen our econ-omy and grow our middle class. So today, as my Republican colleagues double down on their partisan political pandering, we on this side are going to continue to stand up for family health care and stand up for women and their rights every step of the way. I hope my 
Republican colleagues will finally drop the politics and join us. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish 
to address ObamaCare repeal. As I was thinking about what I was going to say today, I went back and looked at a speech I made on the House of Rep-resentatives floor on March 21, 2010. The previous speaker talked about the partisanship that she perceives now. I thought it interesting. I am going to read just a couple quotes from my speech then: ‘‘[We are thinking about] this bill as a blanket, a blanket of health care legislation that may be draped across America and its popu-lation in the coming years,’’ which it has for the last 4 years. I talk about how ‘‘its cloth has been cut behind closed doors and its color is tinged by partisan hands.’’ That is the ObamaCare legislation and the ObamaCare plan we have today. ‘‘The huge holes will not protect the cold winds of job loss, new taxes, govern-ment bureaucracy, and increased health care costs. . . . All of America will feel the weight of this uncomfort-able burden.’’ Those were my words on March 21, 2010, in the House of Rep-resentatives. 
Today and later this week, the Sen-
ate will consider a bill to repeal that bill, ObamaCare, a costly disaster that 4 years—5 years later we see has cost countless people access to their doc-tors, access to the health care plan of their choice, and thousands of West Virginians from my State have lost or had to change their coverage. We ought to ask the individuals and families whose premiums and deductibles have skyrocketed and the small businesses that have been forced to cut hours and employees. 
Let’s consider the exchanges that are 
folding and the hospitals that are fac-ing unmanageable costs. Even the Na-tion’s largest health insurance provider has threatened to pull out of ObamaCare, citing high costs and growing risks. Just today, the CEO of that company said that joining ObamaCare was ‘‘a bad decision.’’ 
There has to be a better way, and we 
need to find it. 
In the bill we are considering this 
week, the Senate will do two major things: It will repeal significant por-tions of the health care law that are not working. It will also provide a bridge to replace this law with an im-proved health care system. This ObamaCare repeal bill will eliminate enforcement of the individual and em-ployer mandates. It will repeal $1 tril-lion—$1 trillion—in onerous taxes. It will save and strengthen Medicare. It will also dedicate resources to fight the growing drug epidemic that is sweeping across this country. Certainly in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.045 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8218 December 1, 2015 
State of West Virginia we have had 
many difficulties, as many of our fel-low Americans have. 
ObamaCare has upended our health 
care system and has broken many of the President’s own promises. Headline after headline in recent weeks has called attention to the increasing pre-miums Americans will face next year. Across the Nation, rates for one out of every three ObamaCare plans will dou-ble in the year 2016. 
For plans that are not seeing huge 
premium increases, rising deductibles are placing an excessive burden on pa-tients—but not just on patients; let’s think about our health care providers, our hospitals, for example. When a pa-tient has a high deductible and comes in for an expensive surgery, that pa-tient has to pay a $4,000 or $5,000 de-ductible. That is unaffordable for a lot of people, and that hospital is stuck with that bill. 
The situation in my State is even 
worse. West Virginia is the only State in the country with only one insurer participating on the exchange. Remem-ber, the President promised us choice and the ability to make decisions for ourselves. We have one choice in West Virginia. Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield has been the only company in the West Virginia exchange through the first 2 years of ObamaCare, and we recently learned that it almost pulled out of the exchange for 2016. That would have been disastrous for our con-stituents. And why are they pulling out? Because they are losing millions of dollars on a health care plan that was promised to be a blanket, to blan-ket all of us, as I said in the speech I gave in 2010. It has turned out to be a blanket with huge holes. 
With only one provider, choices and 
accesses are already limited, but for many Americans, the exchanges set up under ObamaCare have become their only option. Because of increasing costs, many are now unable to afford the health insurance without subsidies. 
While Highmark Blue Cross Blue 
Shield—the exchange insurance in West Virginia—did remain in West Vir-ginia, premiums are set to increase this year or next year by 24 percent. These increases are well beyond the fi-nancial reach of most West Virginians. Our unemployment in West Virginia has skyrocketed because of the Presi-dent’s energy policies, and now we are looking at hard-working West Vir-ginians and telling them their health care that was supposed to be affordable and accessible is going up 24 percent. That is unconscionable. 
As one of my constituents pointed 
out, ‘‘This represents a significant challenge to our family budget as my husband’s pay has not increased at the rate that our health care costs con-tinue to rise.’’ 
What about ObamaCare’s promise to 
lower the cost of health care? The re-ality is really quite different. 
As another West Virginian put it, 
‘‘The law remains a failure by the ad-ministration’s own metrics, and its 
harmful impact continues to make life more difficult for millions across the country.’’ 
By repealing ObamaCare, we can re-
visit the problems caused by the health care law and the problems that existed before, replace them with reforms that work, and protect those whose cov-erage has been disrupted. 
In order to ensure individuals do not 
lose access to current coverage, this ObamaCare repeal bill will provide a 2- year transition period. This period will give us time to enact alternative re-forms that will provide access to qual-ity, affordable care without disrupting coverage. Health care reform should give States and individuals choice—re-member, in my State we don’t have a choice; we have one provider, no choice—while reducing health care costs over the long term. Premiums are going up 24 percent, and deductibles are skyrocketing. That is not con-taining costs over the long term. 
Americans deserve a health care sys-
tem that works for them, and we know ObamaCare is not it. There is a better way. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, am I 
correct that we are in morning busi-ness? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
f 
SENIORS AND VETERANS 
EMERGENCY BENEFITS ACT 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want 
to take a moment to talk about a piece of legislation that a number of us have filed. There will be several Senators speaking here later this afternoon about the Seniors And Veterans Emer-gency Benefits Act. It is a very impor-tant piece of legislation to help mil-lions of Americans who depend on So-cial Security benefits to make ends meet. I want to emphasize that point. Much of the American population does not realize that there are senior citi-zens whose sole existence depends on the check they get from Social Secu-rity. Unfortunately, we have seniors who are facing the situation that the price of food or some of their medicine unexpectedly goes up. How could this be, in America in the year 2015? But it happens among some of our senior citi-zens. In the last Congress I had the privilege of chairing the Special Com-mittee on Aging. We held a number of hearings on this issue. It will break your heart, but that is going on today. 
To add a little more drama and 
heartache to this, in October the Social Security Administration announced 
that for the third time in the past 40 years, there will not be a cost-of-living adjustment for 2016. That is under a formula, and it is legal. Since 1975, the cost-of-living adjustment has ensured that the purchasing power of the Social Security benefits stays the same, re-gardless of rising prices or inflation. When we get to a point that the for-mula says no cost-of-living adjustment for a senior citizen, that becomes a fairly big deal because 65 percent of all senior citizens depend on Social Secu-rity to provide the majority of their cash income. It is real money that they depend on to help make the basic ex-penses. 
In my State, we have a higher per-
centage of the population who are sen-ior citizens—4 million Floridians that are categorized as senior citizens be-cause of their age. When there is not an adjustment on the cost-of-living ad-justment, these folks are starting to feel the squeeze and are forced to sac-rifice on something. 
What a group of Senators are going 
to talk about and what I am sharing is that we are going to offer an oppor-tunity to act before this no cost-of-liv-ing increase would take effect in Janu-ary because 20 of us have sponsored leg-islation introduced by Senator W
ARREN  
to fix the fact that there is a lack of a cost-of-living adjustment. I am glad to see that Senator W
ARREN is here. I 
could not join the distinguished Sen-ator later on, so I took the liberty of going ahead and telling from my point of view how this legislation is going to give to about 70 million Americans a one-time payment of approximately $580 to help them have money for the basic needs, such as food or rent. 
Nearly 4.5 million people in Florida— 
a little less than a quarter of the State’s population—would be eligible for that lump sum payment. Nine mil-lion veterans who receive Social Secu-rity benefits would receive a benefit under the bill. In my State, 323,000 vet-erans and their family members would get that benefit. 
Forty percent of the seniors in the 
United States have incomes below the poverty line if they do not have Social Security assistance. That is a shocking statement. Let me say that again. Forty percent of our senior citizens in this country would have incomes below the poverty line if they did not have Social Security assistance. Therefore, this legislation that we are filing would lift over 1 million people out of poverty. 
To some, a benefit of $580 may seem 
insignificant, but in reality, it is going to make a difference to millions. It may not seem like a big deal to a lot of people that there is no COLA, but if that senior citizen does not have the money to pay for the rent, a utility bill, a trip to the doctor or the gro-ceries they need for their nutrition, that $580 is the difference. 
Many Americans are living paycheck 
to paycheck and are forced to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.047 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8219 December 1, 2015 
these tough decisions. We ought to be 
making it easier for them. That is our job. There are no excuses. I intend to work with our colleagues to see if this is a possibility. 
While Senator W
ARREN is here, I wish 
to engage the Senator from Massachu-setts and yield to her for an answer. As we sat on the Special Committee on Aging, we heard the testimony of how dire, on the line, and on the razor’s edge the income is for senior citizens with these Social Security benefits. When that does not keep up with the cost of living—surely there is a cost-of- living increase in one year over the other, but if their Social Security checks don’t reflect that, does that not invite a tremendous hardship on that elderly person? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, the an-
swer is yes, it does. Senator N
ELSON  
has put his finger on a very serious problem; that is, every year because of policies made here in the Senate, we do a calculation of cost-of-living changes for Social Security. The problem is that calculation for cost-of-living changes is based on only about one- quarter of the population. It is not based on the whole population, and it is certainly not based just on those who receive Social Security. 
We know from independent analysis 
that costs have gone up for seniors, but because of the policies made here in Congress, there will be no cost-of-liv-ing increase for seniors this year. That means they face high costs. Yet, at the same time, they are going to have a flat income. 
The proposal here to give them a one- 
time payment of about $581 is enough to pay 3 months’ worth of food bills for the average senior. It is enough to help cover the costs of prescription drugs that are not covered by Medicare. These are significant differences for seniors who most need it, and I appre-ciate Senator N
ELSON coming here 
early to talk about and raise this im-portant issue. He is exactly spot on about the difficulty with this issue. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator from Florida has ex-pired. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for an additional 30 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Therefore, I conclude 
by resting the case. If the cost of every person’s daily living is in fact going up and yet our formula shows that they get no cost-of-living adjustment, is that not putting a burden upon the ones who we should be respecting and protecting that should not be there? We can do that with this legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 5:15 p.m. today, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, soon 
we will be debating the future of ObamaCare. The American people have told us they want Congress to repeal this so-called health care law. They told us to start over with real health care reform. This actually shouldn’t be a very controversial vote. It is clear, even to the law’s supporters, that the Obama health care law has not worked out in any way they had specifically expected. The ObamaCare health care law is collapsing, whether the Presi-dent wants to admit it or not. 
Democrats should really be eager to 
join us to help fix the damage that has been done by this law. So far they have been much more focused on protecting President Obama’s legacy than on pro-tecting the American people and the health of the American people from ObamaCare. 
Last month President Obama did a 
radio show in which he was asked about the law and about problems with the law because people all across the country are seeing significant problems with the law. The President would not admit to a single problem with this law. He insisted: ‘‘It has been a suc-cess.’’ 
Well, I go home to Wyoming every 
weekend. I am a doctor. I practiced medicine in Wyoming for 25 years, and the people whom I talk to—my pa-tients, my neighbors, people all around the State, and the people whom I run into in my travels—do not consider ObamaCare a success. 
Democrats come to the floor and say: 
It is OK that insurance rates are rising. Remember when the President said they would go down by $2,500 per fam-ily? The Democrats say it is OK that the insurance rates are rising because they say the rates also went up before the law. What they won’t tell you is that premiums aren’t just going up a little; they are going up a lot next year. Actually, they are going through the roof. 
There was a study by the McKinsey 
Center for U.S. Health System Reform. They found that the median increase for the bronze plans went up 13 percent from this year to next year. That is just the average. That means for half of the people, they are going to pay more than that. The silver plan is up 11 percent, the platinum plan is up 12 per-cent, and the gold plan is up 15 percent. These double-digit price increases are not a success. 
Democrats have come to the floor 
and have talked about some of the peo-ple who have gotten insurance cov-
erage since the law took effect. What they won’t tell you is that having in-surance coverage is not the same thing 
as getting medical care. 
The New York Times ran an article 
about 2 weeks ago with this headline: ‘‘Many Say High Deductibles Make Their Health Law Insurance All But Useless.’’ They don’t even call it health insurance. They call it health law in-surance because it is insurance to com-ply with the law and not to actually give you the health care. It is aston-ishing. Even the New York Times calls it health law insurance. 
The article tells the story about 
David Reines from Jefferson Township, NJ. He is 60 years old and has a history of chronic knee pain. This man says: ‘‘The deductible, $3,000 a year, makes it impossible to actually go to a doctor.’’ He says: ‘‘We have insurance, but can’t afford to use it.’’ 
President Obama, this is not a suc-
cess. Democrats who support the health care law say that it created these marketplaces where people can shop for insurance. What they won’t tell you is that companies have been pulling out of the marketplaces and ex-changes all across the country. More than half of the State co-ops have gone out of business and have failed. The largest health insurance company in America says that it may drop out of the program entirely next year. 
In Wyoming, there is just one com-
pany participating in the ObamaCare exchange. That is the choice on the Wyoming exchange—one. Does Presi-dent Obama consider that a success? Democrats say a lot of people like their insurance plans. Well, they won’t tell you about the Gallup poll last month that found that the American people are far from happy. Just 33 percent of Americans said that the health care coverage in this country is either ex-cellent or good—one out of three. Only one out of five is satisfied with the total cost of their health care. 
Now, both of these numbers are worse 
than they were when President Obama took office. When asked: How are you going now compared to where you were when Barack Obama moved into the White House, people will tell you that when it comes to health care, it is worse. 
Another survey last month by the 
Kaiser Family Foundation found that just 38 percent of Americans have a fa-vorable opinion of the health care law. Is that the way President Obama meas-ures success? Is that what he calls a success? 
Why won’t the Democrats come to 
the floor and talk about these surveys? Democrats come down to the floor and say that ObamaCare has put millions of people on Medicaid. I am not sure how many of them have a full under-standing of Medicaid. As a doctor who practiced medicine for 24 years, I can tell you a lot about Medicaid. They won’t say anything about this failed program. They won’t admit to the fact that Medicaid is a failed program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.048 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8220 December 1, 2015 
A new study last month found that 
cancer patients with Medicaid in Cali-fornia—we have 2 Senators from Cali-fornia who voted for this law—are less likely to get recommended treatment and they have a lower survival rate than people with other types of insur-ance. The Democrats celebrate the fact that they have all of these new people on Medicaid. This is not a success. Democrats don’t want to talk about 
any of this. 
Nobody on this side of the aisle is de-
nying that there are people who have been helped by the health care law. Why won’t any Democrat come to the floor of the Senate and admit that for every person who has benefited, some-one else may have been harmed and may have suffered? Why won’t Demo-crats admit and the President admit that the law has not lived up to their promises? 
Why did we need a 2,000-page law that 
upended the entire health care system in this country basically to expand the broken Medicaid program? None of this had to happen. None of this is what people were asking for when Democrats wrote their law behind closed doors back there. It is certainly not what people are asking for today. This health care law has been expensive, dis-ruptive, and devastating. It is headed for collapse, and if Democrats won’t admit it, then they are just kidding themselves. 
Republicans are ready to move on 
with a better approach. We will work to lower costs and make insurance af-fordable for all Americans. We will make sure that people who need insur-ance can actually get usable insurance. That means making coverage equal care. That is what it should do. Cov-erage ought to equal care. We will give people freedom, flexibility, and choice to allow patients to make the decisions that are best for them and their fam-ily—not Washington and President Obama telling them what is best for them and their family. Those people will be making those decisions for themselves. We will protect consumers by making insurance predictable and stable so people don’t have to switch their coverage and their doctor every year. 
Finally, we are going to fix Wash-
ington by making Medicare and Med-icaid stronger for people who will abso-lutely rely on these programs. 
President Obama and Democrats in 
Congress do have a choice. They can join with Republicans in accepting the inevitable. They can act now to reform our health care system in a way that works or they can stand by and watch as the wheels continue to come off of ObamaCare. The program is collapsing, and it is unavoidable. Congress should not allow this health care law to harm the American people for one day longer. Democrats should work with us to create a replacement that actually delivers care, not just unusable cov-erage. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
SENIORS AND VETERANS 
EMERGENCY BENEFITS ACT 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, the 
clock is ticking. Exactly 1 month from today, on January 1, approximately 70 million seniors, veterans, Americans with disabilities, and others who de-pend on Social Security and other ben-efits will get their first check of the new year. For those 70 million Ameri-cans—that is 1 in 5 Americans—Janu-ary 1 is supposed to be a day of relief. This is the day when the Federal Gov-ernment boosts their checks just a lit-tle bit to help with the rising costs of housing, food, and medical care. But unless Congress does something right now, for just the third time since 1975, seniors and veterans won’t be receiving any cost-of-living increase on January 1—not one penny more. 
Look at who gets left out in the cold. 
Two-thirds of seniors depend on Social Security for the majority of their in-come. For 15 million Americans, Social Security is all that stands between them and poverty, but not one of these Americans will see an extra penny next year, and millions of other Americans whose benefits are pegged to Social Se-curity—millions who receive veterans’ benefits, disability benefits, and other monthly payments—won’t see an extra penny either. 
Times are tough, but not for every-
one. Last year, the CEOs at the biggest 350 American companies received, on average, a 3.9-percent pay increase. How much money is that? Since the av-erage CEO at one of those top 350 com-panies made a cool $16.3 million, a 3.9- percent raise landed them an addi-tional half million bucks each. Every-thing is just great for America’s top CEOs, who got huge raises, while 70 million seniors, veterans, and others who worked hard will be left with noth-ing. Why? It is not an accident. It is not inevitable. It is the result of delib-erate policies made right here in Con-gress. 
Social Security is supposed to be in-
dexed to inflation so that when prices go up, benefits go up. But Congress’s formula looks at the spending patterns of only about a quarter of the country, and the formula isn’t geared to what older Americans actually spend their money on. In fact, official estimates show that the cost of core goods and services has increased, but seniors won’t be getting a raise. Costs go for-ward while Social Security falls behind all because of the way that Congress says to calculate COLAs. 
Skyrocketing CEO pay is also, in 
part, the result of policies set right here in Congress. Taxpayers subsidize CEOs’ huge pay packages through bil-lions of dollars in tax giveaways, in-cluding a crazy loophole that allows corporations to write off gigantic bo-nuses as business expenses. Sure, com-panies should make their own decisions on how much to pay their executives, 
but because of laws Congress has passed, American taxpayers are forced to subsidize these multimillion-dollar pay packages. 
These two decisions—how to cal-
culate Social Security raises and whether to give tax breaks for multi-million-dollar CEO bonuses—are made right here in Congress, and right now Senators bow and scrape for highly paid CEOs while they turn their backs on retirees and vets. We are here be-cause it is time for Congress to make different choices. 
Representative T
AMMY DUCKWORTH  
and I have introduced the Seniors And Veterans Emergency Benefits Act, or the SAVE Benefits Act, to give retir-ees, veterans, and Americans with dis-abilities a one-time payment of about $581. That is the equivalent of a 3.9-per-cent increase over the average Social Security benefit—the same percentage raise CEOs received just last year. 
Where would the money come from? 
Well, we can pay for it by closing the tax loophole for CEO bonuses that ex-ceed $1 million. In fact, according to the Chief Actuary of the Social Secu-rity Administration, closing just this one loophole will create enough rev-enue to give a $581 raise to seniors and vets and still have billions of dollars left over to help boost the Social Secu-rity trust fund for the future. 
The SAVE Benefits Act would give 
seniors, vets, and the disabled an extra $581 a year. That $581 a year may not mean much to a CEO, but that money will cover almost 3 months of groceries for seniors or a year’s worth of out-of- pocket costs on prescription drugs for someone on Medicare. For seniors and vets, that $581 means a lot. 
Already, 21 Democratic Senators 
have signed on as cosponsors. Dozens of organizations—Social Security Works, the AFL–CIO, MoveOn.org, the Na-tional Organization For Women, VoteVets, the National Council of La Raza, and I could go on and on with this list—have already endorsed the bill. Across the country, more than 400,000 people have signed petitions urging Congress to pass the SAVE Ben-efits Act. 
This is about money, but it is also 
about values. For too long, we have lis-tened to a handful of the rich and pow-erful insist that we cut taxes for those at the top and leave everyone else be-hind. And now, across this country, people are saying: Enough. Taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize mil-lionaire CEOs while seniors and vets have to fight for whatever scraps are left behind. 
The clock is ticking. It is time for 
Congress to step up. The money is there—either way. It can go for a pay-ment to 70 million Americans who need it and who have earned it or it can go to CEOs and the wealthiest corpora-tions. 
Let’s vote on the SAVE Benefits Act. 
Let’s show everyone where we stand— whether we stand up for tax breaks for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.051 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8221 December 1, 2015 
the country’s most highly paid CEOs or 
whether we work for the seniors and vets who worked their hearts out to build this country. 
Senator M
CCONNELL , brings this bill 
to the floor and let us vote. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, last 
month I joined Senator W
ARREN and 
others in introducing the Seniors And Veterans Emergency Benefits Act, also known as the SAVE Benefits Act. This legislation is needed because for the first time in over 40 years, our seniors, veterans, and people with disabilities won’t receive a cost-of-living adjust-ment, or a COLA, for 2016. We are here again to urge our colleagues to support this much needed legislation that would provide a 3.9-percent COLA in-crease next year. There is a reason we hit upon the 3.9-percent number as the appropriate increase. I will get to that. 
Many of our people who rely on So-
cial Security and other Federal bene-fits are on fixed incomes. Every extra dollar helps them buy basic necessities. These Americans worked hard and earned modest benefits. However, based on the current benefit formula this year, they are out of luck. They won’t see any increase in their income. 
But here is the thing. That is not the 
case for our Nation’s top CEOs. Accord-ing to analysis by the Economic Policy Institute, CEOs of some of America’s biggest, richest corporations not only earn an average of $16 million per year, but they received a 3.9-percent salary bump in 2014; hence our 3.9-percent COLA increase for recipients of the SAVE Benefits Act. 
What does a 3.9-percent increase 
mean to these CEOs? About $635,000 more a year in their pockets—far more than most workers who rely on Social Security saw in 1 year or 10 years or perhaps even in their lifetimes. By con-trast, what does a 3.9-percent increase mean to most seniors in Hawaii? About $580 more a year. Again, focusing on Hawaii, that is about enough for a Ha-waii senior to buy almost 3 months of groceries or cover the average cost of a year’s worth of prescription drugs. So $580 is a big deal for a lot of people in Hawaii. 
This bill would help about 19 percent 
of Hawaii’s population, or 268,000 peo-ple. They include seniors, children, and disabled workers who rely on Social Security to make ends meet. It in-cludes 24,000 veterans and their family members, who would receive an in-crease to their well-earned benefits. That extra payment of $580 would help to prevent some 2,000 people in Hawaii from falling into poverty. 
We are hearing from people all across 
the country about what will happen next year without the COLA increase. 
One woman from Lanai City in Ha-
waii wrote: 
I feel it is deplorable that Social Security 
did not receive a COLA increase. Many Sen-iors and poor people rely on this money to help them make it through the month and 
although I am not one of them I still want to speak for them as I feel it is important. 
This person from Lanai said this is a 
deplorable situation, and I agree. That is why we need to pass the SAVE Bene-fits Act. 
This bill is paid for by closing a tax 
loophole that benefits the wealthiest CEOs. Remember that $600,000-plus sal-ary increase they got? Well, some of that is paid for by taxpayers because of this tax loophole. 
This bipartisan idea of closing this 
tax loophole was even included in the former chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee’s 2014 tax reform proposal. 
We only have a few days left for Con-
gress to act before the end of the year. I urge my colleagues to join me in let-ting seniors in Hawaii and across the country know that we are on their side by cosponsoring the SAVE Benefits Act. Let’s just think about the dis-parity—$600,000-plus increases for CEOs making over $16 million a year versus the millions of seniors and veterans and disabled people who rely on Social Security and who need and deserve this COLA increase. 
I urge my colleagues to bring the 
SAVE Benefits Act to the floor for a vote, vote on it, and send it on to President Obama for his signature. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, 
today I wish to join my colleagues in strong support of the SAVE Benefits Act. I wish to commend the excellent work done by my friend and the Sen-ator from Massachusetts, Ms. W
ARREN . 
Millions of seniors and veterans de-
serve a little more money in their So-cial Security checks at the beginning of every year to help pay for the ever- increasing costs of rent and medicine and groceries. They earned it. The SAVE Benefits Act would provide a fair and well-deserved payment to our sen-iors receiving Social Security and vet-erans receiving Federal benefits who will not see a cost-of-living adjustment in their benefits next year. You see, next year there will be no official cost- of-living adjustment or COLA chiefly because the formula that determines it is heavily tied to the price of gasoline, which is low, but all the other cost-of- living indicators are up, including rent, medicine, and groceries. These are the costs our seniors are juggling most often. 
I talk to seniors. They say: What is 
this? There is no inflation? My life costs me more each year—considerably more. 
But because there was no official 
COLA even as those costs are going up, Social Security benefits will not in-crease by a single dime in 2016. And about two-thirds of seniors rely on So-cial Security for over half of their in-come. 
If we don’t help offset the increase in 
costs with an increase in these modest benefits, many people will be left with 
one of these excruciating choices: Do I buy more groceries or pay the rent this month? Can I afford putting off taking my medication for another day or an-other week or even another month? 
In the past, when we had years with-
out an official COLA, Congress stepped in. In 2009 there wasn’t a COLA. We were in the throes of recession. But Congress stepped in and passed a law I strongly supported—the ARRA—to pro-vide a one-time $250 payment to Social Security recipients and veterans to help them get through those tough times. Next year, we should do the same. But I hasten to add—I don’t like to be partisan—in 2009 the House and Senate were Democratic, caring about Social Security. In 2015 the House and Senate are Republican, and we are get-ting no relief for seniors. Well, I hope that will change. The SAVE Benefits Act would change it. It would provide a one-time check of approximately $580 for our veterans and our seniors and fully pay for it by closing a loophole that benefits corporate compensation packages over $1 million. To boot, it would provide this benefit while also using some of the revenue to extend the life of Social Security. 
In my State, over 4 million people 
would benefit—nearly 1.5 million women over the age of 65, a quarter of a million children, and half a million disabled workers in New York alone. 
If we think about it in real terms, 
that $580 is almost 3 months of gro-ceries or the average annual out-of- pocket expenses that a senior has for prescription drugs for Medicare. 
This is the right thing to do. Social 
Security and veterans’ benefits should rise to keep pace with prices, but un-less Congress acts, our seniors and our veterans will not see any increase in their own benefits next year. It is time to fix that. 
I want to ask who on the other side 
would say millionaires should continue to get to deduct their bonuses while senior citizens get no COLA. What per-centage of Republicans in America would say that? What percentage of Independents? 
This should not be a partisan issue. 
We should just pass it and help the sen-iors as we did in 2009 when the Congress was under different control. This is a real test of who cares for the seniors, who understands their struggles, and who understands the sweat seniors break out in when they have to pay the bills and they don’t have enough money to pay basic expenses. Well, those who cosponsored this bill under-stand. Those who support this bill un-derstand. I would like to hear from my colleagues who don’t support it what their alternative is. 
I urge my colleagues on the other 
side to join us in extending to our sen-iors and our veterans a fair increase in benefits that they earned. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.052 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8222 December 1, 2015 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the distin-
guished Presiding Officer, my neighbor in New Hampshire. 
I also want to thank Senator W
ARREN  
for her leadership on a matter of great importance to millions of Americans. In October, Social Security bene-ficiaries received some upsetting news. I know it is upsetting to a lot of Vermonters, as I have talked to them in grocery stores, on street corners, and even coming out of church on Sun-day. For the third time in 40 years, the Social Security Administration an-nounced that in 2016, Social Security payments will not include a cost-of-liv-ing increase. Unless Congress acts, sen-iors and others who receive Social Se-curity benefits will not see an addi-tional dime in payments in the new year. 
For the nearly two-thirds of bene-
ficiaries who depend on Social Security for at least half of their income, and for the 24 percent of those where Social Security is the sole source of income, this news is not just distressing, it is devastating. 
I will not take the time here, but I 
could tell so many stories of what Vermonters have told me, and I share their concerns. In order to address this issue, I am proud to stand with thou-sands of Vermonters and millions of Americans to support Senator W
AR-
REN’s bill to provide Social Security re-
cipients, those who receive disability benefits, and veterans, among others, a one-time payment next year. This pay-ment would be equivalent to the aver-age increase of 3.9 percent—inciden-tally the same pay increase top CEOs in the United States saw last year. 
Many in Congress have turned a blind 
eye to the problems facing Social Secu-rity, arguing the idea that we as a country cannot possibly afford to spend resources on our seniors, but every year hard-working Americans subsidize billions of dollars in tax subsidies for corporate CEOs. By no longer allowing corporations to receive tax deductions for performance pay packages for their executives, we could give a one-time emergency payment to our Nation’s seniors, and we could increase the sol-vency of the Social Security trust fund without adding a penny to the deficit. It is a win-win. It is a matter of prior-ities. 
Are we as a country going to support 
the millions of Americans who depend upon Social Security to make ends meet? Or are we going to continue to allow the country’s top CEOs, whose average salary in 2014 topped $16 mil-lion each, to continue to rake in bil-lions of dollars thanks to the perform-
ance pay tax loophole? The choice should be clear. If these CEOs want to make more money, fine, but don’t do it using a special tax loophole. Social Security is an immensely im-
portant program, one that has helped millions of Americans stay out of pov-erty once entering retirement. This program has always represented a strong commitment to our Nation’s seniors. Ever since Ida May Fuller of Vermont received the first Social Secu-rity check issued, vulnerable seniors have had a safety-net to fall back on in retirement or to supplement individual retirement savings or pensions. Sup-port for this bill represents a con-tinuing commitment to our Nation’s seniors and also those with disabilities in an uncertain economy. 
I hope we can redouble our commit-
ment to seniors, veterans, and those with disabilities in this country by passing this important legislation. It is the least we can do. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Thank you, Madam 
President, very much. 
I am very proud to be a cosponsor of 
the SAVE Benefits Act. I think we owe an enormous debt of gratitude to Sen-ator W
ARREN , my colleague from Mas-
sachusetts, for the legislation she has introduced because she is going to make sure the Social Security benefits for seniors, for veterans, and for those who are disabled will be protected, and I applaud her for the enormously inno-vative way she has framed this debate for our Nation. 
The Social Security Administration 
has recently determined that seniors will not receive an increase in their benefits for the next year. That means approximately 70 million American seniors, veterans, and the disabled will not receive any increase in their bene-fits, including the 1.4 million people in Massachusetts who are dependent upon these benefits. That is completely un-acceptable. What Senator W
ARREN has 
done is to say that for these seniors, for many of them, Social Security is their sole basis for having any income at all, and for most seniors it is the majority of their income in their re-tirement. Those seniors depend on these benefits to pay for food, rent, medicine, and the electricity bill. In their world, prices for food, clothing, and medicine are not going down, they are going up. These are the necessities of life, and our seniors should not have to choose between eating and heating. 
We have a simple question to ask 
ourselves: Who contributed most to our country over the last generation? Is it a small handful of CEOs who are now paid exorbitant salaries or is it every American who got up every morning to build us into this incredible country we now live in? I think it was grandma and grandpa. Those are the people who got up every day. Those are the people who built this great country. Right now we are being told that their stand-
ard of living is going to stay the same or go down. There will be no increase for them. 
Well, unfortunately CEOs in America 
make about 273 times what the average American worker makes. Last year 
America’s CEOs saw their pay increase by about $635,000 to an average of $16 million. A family in the top 1 percent has a net worth 288 times higher than the typical family. That is unaccept-able and it must change. 
Shouldn’t our seniors—shouldn’t 
grandma and grandpa who built this country receive an additional benefit from the economy which they cre-ated—this incredible wealth which they created in our country. When do they get their raise? They got up every morning. 
My father worked for the Hood Milk 
Company. He got up every morning. He worked as hard as a human being can work, and so have hundreds of millions of Americans. They built this country with their hard work. They deserve a Social Security raise. They deserve a wage if they now have disabilities. If they are veterans, they not only got up and worked every single day, but they also saved our country, many of them overseas protecting us against our en-emies. So that is what Senator W
AR-
REN’s very wise piece of legislation fo-
cuses on. We know grandma and grandpa deserve a raise. We know the system that has been created allows those in the upper 1 percentile to con-tinue to receive per year, on average, $685,000 in raises—up to an average of $16 million for salary. And we are say-ing to people who did the work: You don’t get a raise at all. 
I think for their sacrifice, for their 
hard work every single day, they de-serve something. They built the great-est country in the history of the world. So let’s give our seniors the 3.9-percent raise that Senator W
ARREN has pro-
posed. Let’s give them the kind of com-fort they deserve for a lifetime of hard work, and let’s thank Senator W
ARREN  
for reminding all of us of the obligation we have to those great Americans, so we don’t forget them when it comes time at the end of the year to hand out bonuses. They deserve bonuses in the same way we know CEOs across our country, from Wall Street to Silicon Valley, are going to receive every year. We shouldn’t turn our backs on those seniors. 
Thank you, Senator W
ARREN , for all 
your great work. 
Madam President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, we 
are just 1 month away from the new year 2016, which will bring a lot of good new things, I hope. The one thing it will not bring is a cost-of-living in-crease for seniors, veterans, and for people with disabilities. Despite the fact that the costs of health care, pre-scription drugs, and housing are in-creasing, the size of a Social Security check will not go up 1 cent on January 1, unless we act—unless Congress acts. 
That is why Senator W
ARREN , my 
colleagues, and I have introduced the Senior And Veterans Emergency Bene-fits Act or SAVE Benefits Act. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.053 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8223 December 1, 2015 
SAVE Benefits Act is a one-time pay-
ment to seniors and veterans receiving their earned benefits so they can better meet their basic living expenses. 
The stagnant level for benefits in 2016 
and its damaging effects are part of the bigger problem. Too many of our sen-iors are feeling the squeeze and just aren’t secure enough in their retire-ment. Today’s Social Security benefits are not enough to live on, and other re-tirement savings aren’t filling the gap. You see, the share of private sector workers with pensions has fallen pre-cipitously in recent years, and yet half of all Americans don’t have retirement accounts or 401(k) plans or IRAs. 
So without sufficient pensions or re-
tirement accounts, many seniors de-pend on Social Security. Social Secu-rity benefits comprise over 90 percent of income for the poorest 25 percent of retirees. Social Security comprises 70 percent of income for the middle 50 percent of retirees. With the cost of things seniors have to spend money on increasing, the absence of a cost-of-liv-ing increase in Social Security benefits is especially damaging. 
I have heard from many Minnesota 
seniors who are worried about the squeeze that no increase in Social Se-curity will put on their budgets. Jeff from Minneapolis wrote: ‘‘Food prices are up and my rent is up 4 percent in 2015 and will be up again in 2016.’’ He continues: ‘‘I lost most of my IRA earnings in the 2008–2009 debacle and now I rely almost entirely on Social Security.’’ 
If we want Minnesotans like Jeff— 
and millions of Americans across the country facing similar situations—to have a secure retirement, we need to increase these benefits. That is what the SAVE Benefits Act does. Under our bill, seniors and veterans have a 3.9- percent increase—the same percentage increase that CEO pay went up from 2013 to 2014. For the average bene-ficiary, a 3.9-percent raise would come to about $580 a year. 
While that $580 may not sound like a 
lot compared, of course, to the raises that CEOs are getting, $580 can make a big difference to the average American, especially the average senior. The $580 may cover several months of groceries or out-of-pocket costs for prescription drugs for a senior on Medicare who has gone into their doughnut hole. 
Some may ask if we can afford to 
give seniors and veterans a raise right now. Too often the ideas we have heard for ‘‘fixing’’ Social Security focus on cutting benefits, such as reducing cost- of-living increases by using chained CPI or raising the retirement age, but I think that is the wrong approach. We shouldn’t cut our way to solvency. We need to strengthen our Social Security System by protecting and enhancing the benefits that seniors and veterans have earned, and that means improving Social Security’s finances. A good place to start is by removing special provisions to the wealthiest Americans in our current Tax Code. Right now, individuals making mil-
lions of dollars a year still pay payroll tax only on the first $118,500 of their in-come. Over the long term, that is the sort of thing we need to address in order to strengthen Social Security. 
This bill proposes to pay for the one- 
time increase of Social Security bene-fits in the same spirit—rebalancing our Tax Code by ending a tax deduction for CEO pay that doesn’t make sense and allows corporations to avoid paying their fair share of taxes. CEOs and big businesses will still do just fine under this bill. 
At the same time, the SAVE Benefits 
Act will provide critical assistance to Americans struggling to meet their ex-penses. In fact, this increase in benefits will lift about 8,000 Minnesotans out of poverty and thousands more in every State of our Union. 
Ultimately, the debate over this bill 
comes down to priorities. What is more important to us—protecting high pay for the wealthiest Americans or tax de-ductions for corporations on that high pay or ensuring that veterans, seniors, and people with disabilities have the income security they need to pay for health care, prescription drugs, and housing? 
As this year comes to a close, it is 
time to get our priorities straight and to stand up for our seniors and our vet-erans. They need a raise in 2016. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I am here to join the chorus for providing some additional help to our seniors on Social Security. What can I say? Here we go again. In 2010 and in 2011, America’s seniors were told by the Social Security Administration there would be no cost-of-living adjustment, no increase for them, and now it is hap-pening a third time. We all know that the price of the things seniors actually buy has continued to go up, and yet no COLA. 
In 2010 and 2011 we tried to remedy 
that with Senator S
ANDERS ’ Emer-
gency Senior Citizens Relief Act. We did not succeed. There was opposition from the other side. 
We did succeed at getting a one-time 
$300 payment to seniors under the Eco-nomic Stimulus Act in 2008, back in 
the depths of the great Wall Street re-cession, and another $250 under the Re-covery Act. So we have done this be-fore, and it has helped. I strongly en-courage that we do it. 
There is a flaw built into the Social 
Security COLA, which is that the CPI measures things that a lot of seniors don’t buy. It measures laptops, it measures flat screens, and it measures a lot of technology, but seniors in Rhode Island who make a little over $1,200 from Social Security on average aren’t buying a lot of flat screen TVs and they are not buying a lot of laptops. What they are buying is fuel, medicines, food, and maybe something for the grandchildren at Christmas-time, and all of that keeps going up. We should fix that formula. There 
should be a CPI–E, a CPI for elderly folks that tracks what they actually spend and not some hypothetical CPI that spreads across all age groups. That would be the ultimate fix, but in the meantime, we should do this. I think it is paid for very sensibly. 
I commend Senator W
ARREN . We es-
tablished as a country that beyond $1 million in executive compensation, it wasn’t going to be tax deductible any longer. If you are a big corporation and you want to pay your CEO more than $1 million—fine, you still do that, but you don’t get to have the American taxpayer kick in for the more-than-$1 million salary. 
So what did corporate America do? 
They took it out of salary and they moved it over to bonuses. Now you have those big bonuses over $1 million. They dodged that exemption, and now the American taxpayer is back on the hook again to kick in for a $1 million- plus compensation package for a cor-porate CEO. Come on. We ought to be able to get beyond that. 
So we have a way to pay for it that 
is fair, sensible, and consistent with the policy that we have already agreed on as a nation, which is that above $1 million in compensation, taxpayers shouldn’t be kicking in any longer to help the company pay those exorbitant salaries. I think we have a very good way to spend those resources, which is helping seniors who now—for the third time since I have been in the Senate— are getting a zero COLA while every-thing goes up around them. 
I commend Senator W
ARREN for tak-
ing the lead, and I am pleased to be a cosponsor on her bill. 
I am delighted to yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I 
appreciate the colleagues who came to the floor today to talk about the SAVE Benefits Act. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes in morning busi-ness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, as the Presiding Officer knows well, every week that I am here and the Senate is in session, I come to the floor to remind us of the damage car-bon pollution continues to do to our at-mosphere and oceans. Today I rise for the 120th time to urge my colleagues to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.055 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8224 December 1, 2015 
wake up to the threat of climate 
change. I am not alone, although it sometimes seems a bit lonely here. 
We have an advertisement today in 
the Wall Street Journal—we will find it here in 1 second; well, I seem to have mislaid it—that has a considerable number of American companies that have called upon the public and called on the readers of the Wall Street Jour-nal to support a strong outcome in Paris. It matches another Wall Street Journal full-page advertisement—this one went back to October 22—which was ‘‘Republicans and Democrats Agree: U.S. Security Demands Global Climate Action.’’ That had 23 Repub-lican former officials, including Sen-ators Cohen, Coleman, Danforth, Hagel, Lugar, Kassebaum, Smith, and Snowe, Secretaries of Commerce, State, Treasury, members of the Na-tional Intelligence Council, Homeland Security advisers, and Trade Rep-resentatives. In total, 33 Republican and military officials were calling on us to get serious about it. So a lot of people out there, including Repub-licans, are interested in getting some-thing done. 
I wanted to build my remarks this 
week around something interesting that Pope Francis said this past week-end about the upcoming climate talks in Paris. He said: ‘‘It would be sad, and dare I say even catastrophic, were spe-cial interests to prevail over the com-mon good and lead to manipulating in-formation in order to protect their own plans and interests.’’ 
‘‘Sad,’’ and ‘‘even catastrophic’’— 
let’s look at that part. The fact is, we have changed the composition of our atmosphere, pushing the concentration of carbon dioxide beyond the range it has been in for at least 800,000 years, longer than our species has been on the planet. For 8,000 centuries, humans have inhabited an Earth with an at-mosphere between 170 and 300 parts per million of CO
2. Concentrations have 
now hit 400 parts per million, farther out of the range than the midpoint of the range, and that trend continues to rise. By the way, that is measurement. That is not somebody’s theory. That is not a computer-model run. We have measured that. 
Last year was the hottest year since 
we began keeping records in 1880, a du-bious distinction. According to the World Meteorological Organization, the last 5 years are now the warmest 5- year period in human history. This year is on track to be another record-breaker, expected to reach the both symbolic and significant milestone of 1 full degree Celsius above the average temperature of the preindustrial era. 
Many scientists agree that 2 degrees 
above the precarbon-era norm will likely mean irreparable harm to our planet and to our current way of life. So it would, indeed, be sad and perhaps ultimately catastrophic if we were to do nothing. 
Yet we in Congress continue to do 
nothing, which brings me to the next of Pope Francis’s words in that opening 
quotation: ‘‘special interests prevail[ing] over the common good.’’ Well, doing nothing is just fine by the big polluters because they make more money when we do nothing. To keep their profitable racket running, the polluters spend huge sums on lobbying and on politics, particularly right here in the Congress. As one author has written, and I will quote him: ‘‘[R]ivers of money flowing from secret sources have turned our elections into silent auctions.’’ And the polluters get what they pay for. With the Congress of the United States distracted and deceived by their mischief, the effects of climate change just keep piling up. 
This problem got worse in 2010 when 
the big polluters got a gift. They got handed a big, new political weapon. Thanks to five Justices on the U.S. Su-preme Court, all of them Republican appointees, the big polluters can now threaten lawmakers with the cudgel of unlimited, undisclosed Citizens United money. So we do nothing, and the pol-luters offload onto everyone else the costs in damage from their fossil fuel product, the costs of heat waves, of sea level rise, of ocean acidification, of dying forests, of worsening storms and more. The polluters happily dump those costs onto everybody else. They suck up hundreds of billions of dollars in effective public subsidy, according to the International Monetary Fund, and of course they fight desperately to protect their favored status. 
Pope Francis had it right—special in-
terests indeed prevail over the common good. And that brings us to the Pope’s words about them ‘‘manipulating infor-mation in order to protect their own plans and interests.’’ 
I have spoken on this floor about the 
decades-long, purposeful corporate campaign of misinformation on cli-mate change. The fossil fuel industry and its allies gin up doubt about the dangers of carbon pollution through a smokescreen of misleading public statements, sophisticated marketing, and polluter-funded front groups. The mission of these well-organized and mightily funded deniers is to manufac-ture a product—uncertainty, doubt. The polluters spend huge amounts on a big, complex PR machine to churn out doubt about the real science. It is a fraud. It is a deliberate pollution of the public mind. 
We know that a network of front or-
ganizations with innocent-sounding names has emerged to propagate that baloney science. This network has been well documented by Dr. Robert Brulle at Drexel University and Dr. Riley Dunlap at Oklahoma State University, among others. Professor Brulle’s fol-low-the-money analysis, for instance, diagrams the complex flow of cash to these front groups, a flow that the fos-sil fuel industry persistently tries to obscure. 
A new study was released just last 
week, a study by Dr. Justin Farrell at Yale University. His work examines how corporations have used their 
money to amplify the voices of climate deniers and to exaggerate scientific un-certainty. Dr. Farrell used computers to perform a comprehensive quan-titative analysis of more than 39 mil-lion words written by 164 climate de-nial organizations—yes, there are 164 of them; this is a big beast—over a 20- year period. His study compared cor-porate-funded groups to the rest. 
Professor Farrell’s stated purpose 
was to uncover empirically the actual social arrangements within which large-scale scientific misinformation is generated and the important role pri-vate funding plays in shaping the ac-tual ideological content of scientific information that is written and ampli-fied. He describes the climate denial apparatus as a complex network of think tanks, foundations, public rela-tions firms, trade associations, and other groups that are ‘‘overtly pro-ducing and promoting skepticism and doubt about scientific consensus on cli-mate change.’’ Farrell describes the function of the network as, one, ‘‘the production of an alternative contrarian discourse,’’ and two, ‘‘to create ideo-logical polarization around climate change.’’ Why polarization? Because ‘‘it is well understood that polarization is an effective strategy for creating controversy and delaying policy progress particularly around environ-mental issues.’’ 
So the polarization we see in this 
building on this issue is a product cre-ated by a network of corporate-funded climate denial front groups. We are the living proof of the success of this scheme. Corporate backing created a united network, said Farrell, within which the contrarian messages could be strategically created. That is right, climate denial is ‘‘strategically cre-
ated.’’ 
Farrell’s data show particularly that 
donations from ExxonMobil and the Koch family foundations signal what he calls entry into a powerful network of influence, and that corporate fund-ing influences the actual language and thematic content of polarizing dis-course. And, of course, one of the areas of distinct corporate-funded polarizing discourse produced by this network was questions about the scientific ve-racity of long-term climate change. Again, it is the product of a scheme. 
Professor Farrell made another com-
parison. He has made the same com-parison that others have made with to-bacco. I will quote him: 
Well-funded and well-organized 
‘‘contrarian’’ campaigns are especially im-portant for spreading skepticism or denial where scientific consensus exists—such as in the present case of global warming, or in his-torical contrarian efforts to create doubt about the link between smoking and cancer. 
To create doubt about the link be-
tween smoking and cancer. That echos the telling sentence from the tobacco denial campaign: Doubt is our product. 
Just as Pope Francis said, the denial 
machinery is ‘‘manipulating informa-tion in order to protect their own plans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.057 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8225 December 1, 2015 
and interests.’’ The actions of the cli-
mate denial machine have been so ef-fective, they have made it ‘‘difficult for ordinary Americans to even know who to trust,’’ says Farrell. Doubt is still their product. 
Every generation of Americans has 
faced its challenge, and each has risen to its challenge. Some generations left bloody footprints in the snows of Val-ley Forge to secure our independence. Some generations were torn to pieces by cannon fire in the great battles of the Civil War. Some generations en-dured mustard gas and trench warfare in World War I. Some secured the world’s freedom from the Axis powers in World War II. Some rebuilt the American economy after the Great De-pression. Some were beaten, bombed, and burned as they struggled to secure the civil rights we now enjoy. We are the generation whose duty it is to face down the climate crisis that threatens our planet and face down the folks be-hind this vast climate denial scheme. All we have to do to rise to our duty is to resist all the dark money, all the fossil fuel-funded threats and intimida-tion Citizens United made possible. 
Let me read from an opinion that 
was in my clips today from David Brooks, a conservative columnist. I see him at American Enterprise Institute gatherings. He is a self-identified Re-publican conservative who was writing about climate change and the upcom-ing Paris conference. He says this as if he is communicating with Alexander Hamilton. He obviously is not, but that is his rhetorical device. He said, ‘‘So I seanced up my hero Alexander Ham-ilton to see what he thought’’ about the Paris climate conference. Here is what he said: 
First, [Alexander Hamilton] was struck by 
the fact that on this issue the G.O.P. has come to resemble a Soviet dictatorship—a vast majority of Republican politicians can’t publicly say what they know about the truth of climate change because they’re afraid the thought police will knock on their door and drag them off to an AM radio interrogation. 
That is a conservative Republican 
economist talking about this. 
We can get through this. We simply 
need conscientious Republicans and Democrats to work together in good faith on a common platform of estab-lished science, clear facts, and basic common sense. If we do that, we can protect the American people, the American economy, and our American reputation from the harm of the loom-ing effects of climate change. It is on us. It is on us. We simply need to shed the shackles of corrupting influence and rise to our duty, as other genera-tions always have. We do not have to be the generation that failed. Yes, we are headed down a road to infamy now, but it doesn’t have to be that way. We can leave a legacy that will echo down the corridors of history, so the genera-tions that follow us will be proud of our efforts the way we are proud of those who did great things for our country before us. But sitting here doing nothing, yielding to the special 
interests, won’t accomplish that. 
This new analysis out of Yale is an 
important addition to the increasing body of academic research and jour-nalism that is shining some much needed sunlight on the shadowy enter-prise of phony science and phony doubt that props up climate denial. It is time we all caught on to this deceptive en-terprise. Being suckers down a road to infamy is not a good legacy. It is time to wake up. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the advertisement ‘‘Busi-ness Backs Low-Carbon USA’’ in the Wall Street Journal and the article by David Brooks, ‘‘The Green Tech Solu-tion,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
PAID ADVERTISEMENT  
BUSINESS BACKS LOW-CARBON USA 
lowcarbonusa.org 
WE ARE SOME OF THE BUSINESSES THAT WILL  
HELP CREATE THE FUTURE ECONOMY OF THE  
UNITED STATES . 
We want this economy to be energy effi-
cient and low carbon. We believe there are cost-effective and innovative solutions that can help us achieve that objective. Failure to tackle climate change could put America’s economic prosperity at risk. But the right action now would create jobs and boost com-petitiveness. 
We encourage our government to 1. seek a strong and fair global climate 
deal in Paris that provides long-term direc-tion and periodic strengthening to keep glob-al temperature rise below 2 °C 
2. support action to reduce U.S. emissions 
that achieves or exceeds national commit-ments and increases ambition in the future 
3. support investment in a low-carbon 
economy at home and abroad, giving indus-try clarity and the confidence of investors 
We pledge to continue efforts to ensure a 
just transition to a low-carbon, energy-effi-cient U.S. economy and look forward to ena-bling strong ambition in the U.S. and at the Paris climate change conference. 
Autodesk, Inc.; The Coca-Cola Company; 
Unilever; Adidas Group; Johnson Controls, Inc.; Clif Bar & Company; Intel; Kingspan In-sulated Panels; Microsoft; Qualcomm; Sprint; Colgate-Palmolive Company; Smartwool; The Hartford; Volvo, Volvo Group North America; Burton; Snowbird; eBay; Seventh Generation; Johnson & John-son Family of Companies; Vail Resorts; Levi Strauss & Co.; EMC; New Belgium Brewing Company; Squaw Valley Alpine Meadows; Annie’s; Alta; General Mills; Dignity Health; BNY Mellon; Jupiter Oxygen Corporation; Hewlett Packard Enterprise; Outdoor Indus-try Association; Procter & Gamble; Ben & Jerry’s; Schneider Electric; Xanterra; Nike; The North Face; Symantec; JLL; Powdr Cor-poration; Gap Inc.; Owens Corning; EnerNOC; Hilton Worldwide; VF Corporation; Guggenheim; Timberland; L’Oreal; IKEA; Aspen Snowmass, Aspen Skiing Company; Vulcan; Eileen Fisher; DuPont; CA Tech-nologies; Nestle; Pacific Gas and Electric Company; Catalyst; Sealed Air; National Grid; Saunders Hotel Group; Hewlett Pack-ard; Kellogg’s; Teton Gravity Research; Dell; Mars, Incorporated; NRG; Ingersoll Rand 
ENVIRONMENTAL ENTREPRENEURS (E2)  
Ameristar SolarStream, Big Kid Science. 
Bloom Energy, Canadian Solar. Inc., Carbon Lighthouse. Clean Blue Technologies, Inc. Clean Edge, Clean Energy Collective, Decent 
Energy, Inc., Drew Maran Construction, Inc., Creep Optimizers. USA, Ideal Energy, Intex Solutions. iSpring Associates, Jacobs Farm—Del Cabo, Krull & Company, Lenox Hotels, LIVINGPLUG. Make Good, Want MEI Hotels, Inc.. Microgrid Energy, National Car Charging LLC., Next Step Living. NLine Energy, Inc.. Nth Power, one3LED, Recur-rent Energy, Sequoia Lab, Sierra Energy, Sustainable Farming Corporation, Terviva, Toniic, Uswharrie Bank, Vigilent, Wall @ Law 
Coordinated by Business Council for Sus-
tainable Energy, CDP, Ceres, C2ES, Environ-mental Defense Fund, Environmental Entre-preneurs, The Climate Group, We Mean Busi-ness, and World Wildlife Fund in collabora-tion with the above businesses. 
[From the New York Times, Dec. 1, 2015] 
THEGREEN TECHSOLUTION  
(By David Brooks) 
I’ve been confused about this Paris climate 
conference and how the world should move forward to ameliorate climate change, so I se´anced up my hero Alexander Hamilton to 
see what he thought. I was sad to be re-minded that he doesn’t actually talk in hip- hop, but he still had some interesting things to say. 
First, he was struck by the fact that on 
this issue the G.O.P. has come to resemble a Soviet dictatorship—a vast majority of Re-publican politicians can’t publicly say what they know about the truth of climate change because they’re afraid the thought police will knock on their door and drag them off to an AM radio interrogation. 
This week’s Paris conference, I observed, 
seems like a giant Weight Watchers meeting. A bunch of national leaders get together and make some resolutions to cut their carbon emissions over the next few decades. You hope some sort of peer pressure will kick in and they will actually follow through. 
I’m afraid Hamilton snorted. The co-author of the Federalist papers is 
the opposite of naı ¨ve about human nature. 
He said the conference is nothing like a Weight Watchers meeting. Unlike weight loss, the pain in reducing carbon emissions is individual but the good is only achieved col-lectively. 
You’re asking people to impose costs on 
themselves today for some future benefit they will never see. You’re asking developing countries to forswear growth now to com-pensate for a legacy of pollution from richer countries that they didn’t benefit from. You’re asking richer countries that are fac-ing severe economic strain to pay hundreds of billions of dollars in ‘‘reparations’’ to India and such places that can go on and burn mountains of coal and take away Amer-ican jobs. And you’re asking for all this top- down coercion to last a century, without any enforcement mechanism. Are the Chinese really going to police a local coal plant effi-ciently? 
This is perfectly designed to ensure cheat-
ing. Already, the Chinese government made a grandiose climate change announcement but then was forced to admit that its coun-try was burning 17 percent more coal than it had previously disclosed. The cheating will create a cycle of resentment that will dis-solve any sense of common purpose. 
I countered by pointing out that policy 
makers have come up with some clever ways to make carbon reductions more efficient, like cap and trade, permit trading and car-bon taxing. 
The former Treasury secretary pointed out 
that these ideas are good in theory but haven’t worked in reality. Cap and trade has not worked out so well in Europe. Over all, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.075 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8226 December 1, 2015 
the Europeans have spent $280 billion on cli-
mate change with very little measurable im-pact on global temperatures. And as for car-bon taxes, even if the U.S. imposed one on itself, it would have virtually no effect on the global climate. 
Hamilton steered me to an article by 
James Manzi and Peter Wehner in his favor-ite magazine, National Affairs. The authors point out that according to the United Na-tions Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the expected economic costs of unaddressed global warming over the next century are likely to be about 3 percent of world gross domestic product. This is a big, gradual problem, but not the sort of cata-clysmic immediate threat that’s likely to lead people to suspend their immediate self- interest. 
Well, I ventured, if you’re skeptical about 
our own policies, Mr. Founding Father, what would you do? 
Look at what you’re already doing, he 
countered. The U.S. has the fastest rate of reduction of CO
2emissions of any major na-
tion on earth, back to pre-1996 levels. 
That’s in part because of fracking. Natural 
gas is replacing coal, and natural gas emits about half as much carbon dioxide. 
The larger lesson is that innovation is the 
key. Green energy will beat dirty energy only when it makes technical and economic sense. 
Hamilton reminded me that he often used 
government money to stoke innovation. Manzi and Wehner suggest that one of our great national science labs could work on geoengineering problems to remove CO
2from 
the atmosphere. Another could investigate cogeneration and small-scale energy reduc-tion systems. We could increase funding on battery and smart-grid research. If we move to mainly solar power, we’ll need much more efficient national transmission methods. Maybe there’s a partial answer in increased vegetation. 
Hamilton pointed out that when America 
was just a bunch of scraggly colonies, he was already envisioning it as a great world power. He used government to incite, arouse, energize and stir up great enterprise. The global warming problem can be addressed, ineffectively, by global communique ´s. Or, 
with the right government boost, it presents an opportunity to arouse and incite entre-preneurs, innovators and investors and fo-ment a new technological revolution. 
Sometimes like your country you got to be 
young, scrappy and hungry and not throw away your shot. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
f 
POLICY ISSUES AND 
APPROPRIATIONS BILLS 
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I rise 
to visit for a moment with my col-leagues, both Republican and Demo-cratic, about the ongoing debate we are having over the appropriateness of hav-ing policy issues debated and then de-cided in appropriations bills. 
We are now at the stage in our legis-
lative process in which it looks as if we are going to complete our work on the final spending bill for the fiscal year that ended a few months ago and that by December 11, when the continuing resolution concludes, we very well may have an appropriations bill that takes us into the new year completed. There are some in the Senate who 
have argued that within this appropria-tions bill there is no place for policy riders, for provisions in that bill that direct in a more specific way how we spend money. I would say that is a ter-rible mistake on the part of Members of the Senate to reach that conclusion, and I would say it is wrong for our 
country. It is wrong based upon the Constitution of the United States that creates three coequal branches of gov-ernment. 
In the legislative branch, we know 
that our role is to legislate, to create the laws, to appropriate the money. There cannot be a distinction between legislating and appropriating money. They end up being the same thing. When we appropriate money, we are di-recting an administration to conduct itself according to that appropriations bill. Particularly in this case, we have a few Democrats who are arguing that there shouldn’t be any policy riders in-cluded in that appropriations bill. I doubt that we would hear that from Democrats if this were a Republican President and a Democratic Congress. In my view, it ought not to be any dif-ferent. Congress’s role is to make deci-sions about how money is spent. For too long, Congress has given up the power of the purse strings. 
This is a significant development in 
our constitutional history because in giving up the power of the purse strings, we authorize the executive branch—that branch of Government that is to execute the laws, to admin-ister the laws—to have significantly more power. The American people and our Constitution are harmed when any Executive—this President, previous Presidents, future Presidents—exceeds the authority granted to them by the U.S. Constitution. Sometimes I think we end up supporting Presidential deci-sions that we agree with and oppose those, obviously, that we disagree with. But the reality is that if those decisions are unconstitutional, if they exceed the authority that Congress has granted an executive branch, they ought to be denied, regardless of whether we agree with those decisions or not. In other words, the Constitu-tion should trump. 
In my view, this Congress and many 
who preceded us have taken the oppor-tunity to be in the back seat, granting authority or allowing Presidents to consume additional power well beyond the Constitution. I am here to encour-age my colleagues—Republicans and Democrats—to reexert our constitu-tional grant of authority to legislate. We ought not to pay undue deference to an executive branch, whether the President is a Republican or a Demo-crat. 
I would say that in the time I have 
been a Senator, in this first term of my term in office, we have seen an execu-tive branch that has continued to in-crease its power and authority and ex-ceeded, in my view, its constitutional grant of authority and in so many in-stances has exceeded the authority 
granted to them by a statute—a piece of legislation passed by the House, passed by the Senate, and sent to the President. 
The President should only be able to 
do those things which are granted to him or her by the Constitution or by legislative enactment pursuant to the Constitution. That seemingly has been 
forgotten during the recent history of our country. Congress holds the power of the purse strings. 
There are many of us—Republicans 
and Democrats—who would like to di-rect the executive branch in how money is spent. The appropriations bill ultimately will determine how much money is spent. But in addition to that, we have the ability to direct whether that spending can occur, shouldn’t occur or how it should occur. I think all of you have heard me speak previously, and some of you may re-member about a particular provision that I wanted included in the Interior and Environment appropriations bill related to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service—the designation of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species. 
We have had this conversation. In 
fact, in a bipartisan way, that issue was voted on here on the Senate floor. It was approved, but the legislation it was attached to did not become law. Now the opportunity to instruct a Fed-eral agency arises as we appropriate the money for them to operate. There are five States in the middle of the country—New Mexico, Texas, Colorado, Kansas, and Oklahoma—that have felt the consequences of a decision made by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to list the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species. The issue that is so troublesome to me is that those five States have come together to solve this problem on their own without the heavy hand of the Federal Government. Conservation practices were being put in place. The U.S. Department of Agri-culture was providing technical and fi-nancial assistance for conservation ef-forts to landowners to provide the in-centives to put voluntary conservation practices in place across those five States. In my view, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service only paid lip service to those conservation efforts. Their ac-tions spoke louder than the words, and they listed the lesser prairie chicken as threatened. 
This decision at that point in time 
didn’t provide enough time for local plans to prove their effectiveness, and the reality is the problem in our State and across that region of the country was that we didn’t have moisture. We didn’t have adequate snowfall. We don’t have adequate rainfall. When you have little or no rain, you have little or no habitat. You can’t solve that problem without moisture. Now the rains have returned. Over the last 2 years, just as you would predict and as common sense would tell us, if there is more rain, there is more habitat and there are more birds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.023 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8227 December 1, 2015 
The most recent census of the lesser 
prairie chicken indicates that in the last 2 years, the population of that bird has increased by 50 percent. Again, common sense tells us if there is rain and if there is moisture, there is habi-tat and the birds return. As the rainfall has returned, the habitat is growing, and it is healthy again. Local surveys 
indicate what we would expect: The bird’s population is again increasing. 
Therefore, one might think it would 
be useful to take a second look at the listing. Despite our request of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, they dis-missed with little thought that as the species has returned, maybe it should no longer be listed. The opportunity that I and others have to rein in deci-sions that we believe are poorly made, lack common sense, and are unreason-able occurs in this appropriations proc-ess. My guess is that all of my col-leagues have certain issues on which they want to direct a Federal agency about how to behave, what rules and regulations are appropriate, where we believe they have exceeded their au-thority or where they simply lack the common sense or sound science to have made an appropriate decision. 
There are some who say you 
shouldn’t legislate on an appropria-tions bill. An appropriations bill is a legislative effort, and it would be wrong for us not to take the oppor-tunity to direct agencies on behalf of the American people, on behalf of the constituents—in my case of Kansas— who feel very strongly about this issue and have suffered the consequences of the listing of the lesser prairie chicken by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 
Despite the practical reasons that 
this listing should be reversed, the agency is not listening, and we ought to take the opportunity to direct their behavior in a legislative way. Whether or not an amendment is approved is de-cided here in the Senate by a majority vote. I would tell you that in the case of this issue, the amendment was of-fered in the Appropriations Committee. It is included in the Interior appropria-tions bill. The House has adopted simi-lar language in their appropriations bill. So for those who say this is inap-propriate, this is the legislative process as it should be. This is the Senators and the Members of the House of Rep-resentatives speaking on behalf of their constituents in a very constitutional and appropriate way. 
It is important for us to utilize our 
authority as Members of Congress to make decisions that benefit our coun-try as we see best, and we ought to work together to accomplish that. There will be riders—provisions that are offered that are included in an ap-propriations bill—that I will disagree with, but the appropriations process ought to work. As a member of the Ap-propriations Committee and as a Mem-ber of the Senate, I want to see us get back to the days in which the power of the legislative branch is able to be uti-lized and we make certain that we make decisions on how we spend the 
money. 
I appreciate the opportunity to be on 
the Senate floor today to speak as we move next week toward the appropria-tions bill and its conclusion. I wish to say that in a bipartisan way, we ought to work together to find opportunities to solve the problems that our con-stituents and Americans face. The leg-islative process is a way that we can do that. It is not inappropriate. In fact, it is the constitutional response to an abuse of power in an executive branch. Whether it is a Republican executive branch or a Democratic executive branch, we ought to work together as Members of Congress in utilizing our constitutional authority to make ap-propriate decisions for the American people. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 6 p.m. today, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I 
yield the floor to the Senator from Utah. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, 
throughout my time as ranking mem-ber and now chairman of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, finding money for surface transportation infrastructure has been a persistent and seemingly in-tractable problem. Even as we went into this year with a new Republican majority in the Senate, none of us could have imagined that we could find a way to provide 5 years of solvency and stability for the highway trust fund. Yet, with today’s announcement of the completed conference report, that is precisely where we are right now. 
The conference report for the Fixing 
America’s Surface Transportation Act will hopefully be enacted within a few days’ time. As the very first member of the conference committee to sign the report, I want to briefly talk about the process by which the legislation came about and how we got to where we are now. 
Immediately before the Memorial 
Day recess, there was an unsuccessful attempt to put together a package to possibly get the highway trust fund through the rest of 2016. The agonizing difficulty we faced at that time in dragging ourselves through another 18 months gave us a desire to think bigger than we had before. This is why I was determined to help find a way out of the cycle of short-term infrastructure bills and why I believed it was nec-essary for us to think outside of the proverbial box and look everywhere for 
potential offsets. 
Generally, the Finance Committee is 
responsible for the financing title of any highway bill that goes through the Senate. Usually, we do our best to work within our committee’s jurisdic-tion to identify offsets. However, be-cause those resources have been quick-ly drying up, we had to look elsewhere for this package. 
After the committee spent weeks ex-
amining numerous options and alter-natives, I was able to present our dis-tinguished majority leader with a list of offsets that, while not necessarily ideal, would allow us to put together a long-term highway bill without raising taxes or increasing the deficit. 
I am very pleased with the work we 
were able to do there as that list of off-sets formed the basis of the funding for the long-term deal we will likely be voting on in short order. As we contin-ued on, by the end of July, the Senate had managed to pass a bipartisan infra-structure bill with 3 years of solvency, funding, and certainty for the highway trust fund. Though we were required to enact another short-term extension be-fore the August recess, momentum had begun to build in both Chambers for a long-term highway bill. 
Common practice on highways over 
the past few years has been to enact short-term extensions and then go and complain about the dysfunction in Con-gress before moving on to the next order of business. The offset package produced by the Senate showed that we could do things differently and, for the first time in almost two decades, a long-term transportation bill was actu-ally possible. 
After the August recess, the House 
began working off of the Senate bill as a template for their own legislation. After they passed a remarkably similar bill in November, the conference com-mittee came together to produce the legislation announced today. 
While I am not one who likes to 
count chickens before they have been hatched—no pun intended—I am opti-mistic that the bill will pass with a strong bipartisan vote. Putting these offsets for this long-term bill together has truly been a group effort. As I men-tioned, we searched far and wide for offsets that required a number of chair-men and committees to work together. I commend my colleagues for their ef-forts and their willingness to do so and their willingness to do what it took to make the endeavor successful. 
I especially want to thank Senator 
T
HUNE and the commerce committee, 
who assisted these efforts by providing for the transfer of certain motor vehi-cle safety penalties to the highway trust fund. I also appreciate the work done by the House Financial Services Committee and Congressman R
ANDY  
NEUGEBAUER , chairman of the Sub-
committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. He was able to identify a new and important offset for the infrastructure bill, a feat which few 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.059 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8228 December 1, 2015 
have been capable of. While, as is often 
the case around here, some are very quick to throw out criticisms of indi-vidual offsets and were less willing to offer suggestions for suitable alter-natives, Congressman N
EUGEBAUER , in 
response to concerns about an item in the original offset package, came for-ward to produce a viable and scorable alternative that was able to garner bi-partisan support and ultimately broad-en the overall support for this long- term deal. 
Back in July, when the Senate first 
proposed a long-term bill, many said we couldn’t do it without raising taxes. When we passed our first bill, these same people claimed that it stood no chance of passage in the House. Now, just a few months later, both Chambers are a few days away from considering the conference report built upon the foundation laid by that same Senate bill. 
This legislation provides a longer ex-
tension than the vaunted SAFETEA- LU extension, which many had long viewed as a model for a multiyear high-way bill. In fact, you would need to go back at least to the late 1990s—actu-ally, to the early 1990s—to find a high-way reauthorization of comparable du-ration. 
As I said, this major bicameral suc-
cess was unthinkable a few months ago. 
While I do acknowledge that we still 
face the problem of outlays from the highway trust fund outpacing the dedi-cated revenues, this bill will give us a much needed 5-year break from the deadlines and cliffs that all too often dictate how we deal with the highway trust fund. It is, quite simply, a great example of what we can do when we work together. 
I would like to briefly note that 
these types of victories for good gov-ernment have been piling up all year under the current Senate majority. 
We do need to start thinking now 
about more permanent solutions on highways, but once we pass this bill, we will be in a better position than at any time in nearly two decades to do so. That, as they say, is nothing to sneeze at. 
Before I conclude, I wish to pay trib-
ute to Chairman I
NHOFE , Chairman 
SHUSTER , and B ARBARA BOXER and her 
Democratic counterpart in the House, who led a conference committee that was able to sift through various issues and put together a very complex piece of legislation in a matter of just a few weeks. These two chairmen deserve a lot of credit for their efforts, as do all the Members who took part in the con-ference. 
Today Congress is making headway 
to implementing the longest highway reauthorization bill in more than 15 years. We have heard time and again that a long-term highway bill would only be possible if we included a big tax increase. Yet we have been able to defy the odds and provide much needed funding for America’s bridges, high-ways, and roads for the next 5 years. 
This marks a watershed moment for our transportation community, which will now have the security and sta-bility they need to plan, implement, and complete critical infrastructure projects. 
Of course, while we have crossed a 
major hurdle today, our job is not yet over. There is still one more vote to go, and I am confident we will get there. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to complete our work and ensure that a strong multiyear highway bill is signed into law this year. I look for-ward to working with all of my col-leagues for whatever challenges lie ahead. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Okla-
homa. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SPENDING 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, when 
you are home and the television is on, the phone starts to ring, your dog is at the back door barking, and the kids need help doing their homework, occa-sionally you can forget that dinner is on the stove, but if you forget about it too long, your house will catch on fire, and that is going to be a problem. You can get distracted by a lot of things and suddenly miss out on something that is very important. 
Our Nation is dealing with a lot of 
issues right now, such as terrorism, im-migration, banking issues, our econ-omy, education, transportation, and I do have a concern that we have forgot-ten this year we still have $450 billion in deficit and a total debt of $19 trillion hanging over our heads. 
If we were in any State in America 
and faced with that, the legislative branch would work, make hard deci-sions, and then balance their budget. Every single State, at the end of the legislative session, comes to a balanced budget, but we don’t. We just over-spend, and it has happened consecu-tively so many times now, our debt has built up to $19 trillion. I don’t have an easy way to articulate $19 trillion of debt, but let me give you a picture of that. Earlier this year we passed a 10- year budget plan that would get rid of our $450 billion of deficit and would slowly work down, within 10 years, back to a balance. Good. 
Let’s do a hypothetical. Let’s say we 
finish out that path, and we have to get back to a balance within 10 years, and then in year 11 we do very well and we have a $50 billion surplus. It is a good surplus. Here is my question: How many years in a row would we have to have that $50 billion surplus before we paid off our debt? If you are doing the math in your head, the correct answer is 460 years in a row. If we had a $50 bil-lion surplus for 460 years in a row, we could pay off our debt. That is not going to happen, is it? We are in a bad spot, and my fear is that we are dis-tracted and we are not focusing on 
something that will come back and bite us. 
What do we do about that? I ask if we 
can do the first thing: Can we at least agree that this is a problem and that we should actually work to balance our budget? At least have that as the com-mon ground that we can agree on in this body and say we need to get back to a balanced budget, and then we need to begin to pay this down and start that process—to approach this issue in a way that I think can develop real so-lutions. We need to find common- ground areas, but first we need to begin with that one simple principle. 
Our office has come up with a list 
which we affectionally call the Federal Fumbles List—100 ways the Federal Government has dropped the ball. We are identifying areas of waste, duplica-tion, and, quite frankly, regulations that are well outside the purview of the Federal Government, many of which slow down the economy and drive up the costs to consumers. 
These Federal fumbles are not an ex-
haustive list. This is not everything; This is just our list. We took some from multiple agencies and entities. As we pulled this list together, we encour-aged this. This is our to-do list. We en-courage other offices to start their to- do list so at least we can have a com-mon-ground sense of, let’s get back to a balance and work together to iden-tify something within our own office to find out ways we can deal with some simple things, such as, how are we wasting taxpayer dollars? What pro-grams are ripe with fraud? What dupli-cation and inefficiency is out there? Where are we overregulating, which in turn raises the costs of goods and serv-ices for consumers? And how does the government actually have processes in place that deceive taxpayers and add debt to their families? 
When we walked through this, we had 
a common agreement on our team: We are not just going to identify problems; we are going to actually work together to find a solution. Our issues and con-versations have been simple. If I am back home in Oklahoma, I can sit in the coffeehouse with other folks eating breakfast and talk about all the prob-lems, but when I get back in this room, we can’t just complain about the issues, we have to fix those issues. That is our job. We spend a tremendous amount of time just complaining about the issues as if fixing it comes from somewhere else. 
So we take all 100 of these issues and 
say: Here is the problem, and here is the solution we have proposed. If peo-ple have different ideas and different solutions, bring them, but let’s at least agree that these things should be re-solved. Some of them are small, some of them are large, but we simply asked the question: How do we fix this? 
I have several things to say on that 
issue. One is that we have to fix our budgeting process and the way we make decisions about it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.061 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8229 December 1, 2015 
We have these cute little terms in 
our budgeting process, such as CHIMPS, changes in mandatory pro-grams. It is a cute term, but the prob-lem is that adds $11 billion to the debt every year and everyone just pretends that it is not there, that it is not real. 
There is a fund called the Crime Vic-
tims Fund. This fund is supposed to go directly to what it says—to crime vic-tims—but it is actually not used for crime victims. 
Eleven billion dollars each year—in 
fact, this is the same $11 billion that is used each year as an offset for addi-tional spending, but the money never actually moves out of that account, it just stays there. We pretend we are going to spend it and then actually spend it somewhere else and then the next year do the same thing again. It is deceptive. We have to stop that. That adds deficit and debt onto families by a deceptive tactic. 
We have a thing called the corporate 
payment shift. This one is fun as well. The corporate payment shift assumes that money is going to come in or be spent, and we have a 10-year budgeting window and move it in the very last month to year 10 plus 1 month. We move it just slightly out of the budget window, but we say we are going to spend it and actually go ahead and spend it anyway. If we had a budget that was 10 years and 1 month, it would be out of balance, but if we put that little corporate payment shift in there, it looks fine on paper, but in reality it doesn’t work. So we identify that as one of the fumbles that we have as a government. It is something that we obviously have to fix. Basic oversight will help that, but it is also this body making a decision on how we are going to budget it. 
We also walked through a lot of areas 
where we just identified things that the Federal Government spends money on that we thought were rather unique to spend money on and we thought may need some oversight. 
How about a $43 million natural gas 
filling station built in Afghanistan? It cost $43 million for one natural gas fill-ing station. Now that that station is in place, it is not being used at all and it is a $43 million waste. 
How about the Academy Awards. It is 
a pretty ritzy event. The Academy Awards are choosing to build a $250 million museum, and the Federal tax-payers are kicking in $25,000 to that museum. Why in the world are we kicking in $25,000? Did we believe at some point that they couldn’t raise the last $25,000, and so we had to kick in a Federal connection to it? I would dis-agree. 
One of my favorites is the fact that 
we just spent almost $50,000 to study the history of tobacco use in Russia. I am still looking for the national secu-rity implications of why we just spent $50,000 to study cigarette use in Russia. 
The National Park Service spent 
$65,000 doing a study on what happens to bugs when you turn on a light in dark areas. I can tell anyone in this 
Chamber what bugs do if you turn on a light in a rural area. They fly at the light. But we spent $65,000 trying to in-vestigate that. 
The VA in Arkansas installed solar 
panels to show that they have green energy in this area. Many VA centers around the country are doing this project. The particular one in Arkansas put them on in the wrong spot, relo-cated them, and spent $8 million in total just for the installation for their solar panels. Any guess on how long those solar panels will have to run con-tinuously to before they pay off the cost of installation? They will have to run continuously for 40 years just to pay for the cost of installation. That is not green energy, that is just waste. 
How about a challenge like this. The 
Social Security Administration—the definition for Social Security dis-ability is that you cannot work in any job in the economy. You are only eligi-ble for Social Security disability if you cannot work in any job in the econ-omy. But there are individuals who re-ceive both Social Security disability, which by definition means you cannot work, and unemployment insurance, which by definition means you are looking for a job. You should not be able to get unemployment insurance and Social Security disability insur-ance at the same time. They violate the definitions between the two. Even the President of the United States agrees with that. Yet we have not been able to get that done. That is a fumble. 
As American taxpayers, we spent 
$374,000 studying the dating habits of senior adults. Can someone help me un-derstand what the national security implications are for that and why we spent $374,000 studying the dating hab-its of senior adults? 
We also created what is called the 
Ambassador Slush Fund. 
The Ambassador’s Cultural Fund 
from the State Department, $5 mil-lion—almost $6 million—is designed to be able to help us give away money to do construction in other areas. 
We have done projects like building a 
welcome grotto into a Buddhist temple in China, which I find the ultimate irony. If any church in America said we wanted to be able to add on a welcome center onto our church, we would for-bid the use of taxpayer dollars for that, but in China we literally borrowed money from them, gave it to our State Department so they could build a wel-come grotto into a Buddhist temple back in China. I am not sure that is a great idea. 
The State Department also has a 
Twitter account called ThinkAgainTurnAway. It is to discour-age people from joining the jihadi movement. Any guess on how much Americans spend for a Twitter ac-count? For that one Twitter account with 23,000 followers, we spent $5 mil-lion—$5 million to maintain a Twitter account. I am very confident there are multiple teenagers at home who could help us run that for a lot less than the 
price. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to extend my remarks for a couple more moments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LANKFORD. Let me mention 
just a couple more. 
I have a real concern that our Social 
Security Administration is not sharing what is called the death master file. That may seem like a macabre com-ment, but what happens is, if we don’t share the death master file, then we literally don’t know in other agencies when to be able to pull a Social Secu-rity number off the record. The Social Security Administration recognizes that someone has passed away, but the IRS doesn’t, so that is still a live So-cial Security number to them, meaning someone could get that Social Security number, file, get a work permit, even register and vote—all sorts of things can be done—under that number. 
We have 6.5 million people, according 
to our government, who are over 112 years old—6.5 million people. That is quite a few. Actually, in the world, there are less than 100, but according to our government we have 6.5 million and those numbers are being abused. 
I can’t even get into multiple issues, 
but let me just mention one more on this list of waste. We identified what many Americans already know. Social Security numbers are being stolen and used to file fraudulent tax forms. Many Americans in the coming months will file their taxes only to get notification from the IRS that someone has already filed under this number. It is infuri-ating to them, and it is billions of dol-lars of loss to the Federal taxpayer. The IRS knows how to fix this. We list out the solutions. We have to actually implement the fixes. We have to be able to protect the taxpayer and to protect individuals from identify theft. That is a fumble, but it is fixable and we need to do it. 
I haven’t even gotten into some sim-
ple things such as school lunches—ask any teenager what they think of school lunches at this point with the new reg-ulations—or waters of the United States and how even the Corps of Engi-neers doesn’t want to implement the new EPA rule. The fiduciary standard is causing chaos among retirees and in-dividuals wanting to get retirement ad-vice or rural banks in how they want to be able to give out loans for mortgages but can’t in many rural areas of Amer-ica. 
There are solutions to these prob-
lems, and it is our responsibility to be able to work through the process to solve them. With $450 billion in deficit spending and an economy that con-tinues to slow down, this body needs to determine what our job is and do it. It would be my encouragement in the days ahead that we actually achieve that; that in the days ahead we speak of what we have solved for the Amer-ican people rather than pretending, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.063 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8230 December 1, 2015 
we are eating breakfast back home 
with some friends who are complaining about the problems. It is time for us to fix the problems. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
CONFERENCE 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, policy-
makers from all over the world will be meeting in Paris this week and next to address the issue of climate change. With much fanfare, they will purport to reach an agreement that will pre-vent the Earth’s ‘‘average global air temperature’’ from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius. This 2-degree limit will supposedly mean success for the conference in Paris and success in the battle against global warming, thus preventing catastrophic events from occurring. 
So I come to the floor to call atten-
tion to several news articles pointing out problems with this approach, with this 2-degree Celsius approach. The first is a front-page story from yester-day’s Wall Street Journal. I hold it in my hand. It is titled ‘‘Climate Experts Question Temperature Benchmark.’’ This is not an opinion piece, it is a news article. The article points out that the 2-degree target is both arbi-trary and based on questionable re-search. 
The article quotes Mark Maslin, pro-
fessor of climatology at the University College London, saying: 
It emerged from a political agenda, not a 
scientific analysis. It’s not a sensible, ration-al target. 
The article goes on to say that de-
spite assumptions by policymakers, the 2-degree target does not express ‘‘a solid scientific view.’’ Indeed, no report by the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change even mentions the 2-degree limit. 
Economics Professor William 
Nordhaus appears to have been the first to use the 2-degree figure. The ar-ticle notes that his work ‘‘argued that a rise of two or more degrees would put the earth’s climate outside the observ-able range of temperature over the last several hundred thousand years.’’ I ask my colleagues how did they measure air temperature 100,000 years ago, 200,000 years ago, as Professor Nordhaus appears to have been con-cerned about. I would also point out to my colleagues that being outside the observable range is far different than being catastrophic. It is not the same thing, but from that has evolved the 2- degree model. 
This is not the first time the model 
has been criticized. In October of last year, David Victor and Charles Kennel wrote about it in the journal Nature. Victor is a professor of international relations at the University of Cali-fornia San Diego and Kennel is a pro-fessor at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla, CA. Yesterday I got this article from the 
journal Nature and read it myself. In their piece, Professors Victor and Ken-nel wrote: 
Politically and scientifically, the 2 degree 
Celsius goal is wrong-headed. . . . It has al-lowed some governments to pretend that they are taking serious action to mitigate global warming, when in reality they have achieved almost nothing. 
This is one of the things I worry 
about. This is one of the things I fear from the Paris conference. The United States will agree to do a lot, costing job growth here, and other countries will do almost nothing, as the profes-sors say. 
Victor and Kennel say that the 2009 
and 2010 U.S. conferences in Copen-hagen and Cancun officially adopted this approach. They then conclude: ‘‘There was little scientific basis for the 2 degrees Celsius figure that was adopted.’’ 
Additionally, in an op-ed last month 
for the Wall Street Journal, environ-mentalist Bjorn Lomborg cites his own peer-reviewed study to show how the most high-flown promises in Paris will fail to make any substantial impact on climate change. 
Even if every country fulfills every 
promise made in Paris over the next decade and a half, according to Dr. Lomborg, the growth of global tem-peratures would be reduced by less than .05 degrees Celsius, or five-hun-dredths of a degree Celsius—by the end of the century, the year 2100. So is it 2 degrees or is it less than five-hun-dredths of a degree? And is 2 degrees sensible and rational? Not according to Professors Maslin, Victor, Kennel, and certainly not according to Dr. Lomborg. 
One more quote from Professors Vic-
tor and Kennel. They point out one of the major problems in the 2-degree Cel-sius approach: ‘‘Failure to set scientif-ically meaningful goals makes it hard for scientists and politicians to explain how big investments in climate produc-tion will deliver tangible results.’’ 
Yes, what are the tangible results? 
What can we expect in tangible results from the agreements that will cer-tainly come out of Paris? We will be $3 billion poorer, that is for certain, be-cause the President has pledged $3 bil-lion from taxpayers for the Green Cli-mate Fund. I would point out that $3 billion could be used for Alzheimer’s research or malaria or malnutrition or any number of the other problems the people of the world see as more impor-tant than climate change. 
Tangible results coming out of Paris: 
Electricity bills will be higher. Lower income Americans will be colder in their own homes, our economy will have suffered, and job growth will have been slowed, perhaps by as much as $154 billion a year. That figure comes from Stanford University analysts who say that if we adopt the Obama admin-istration’s proposal of cutting domestic carbon dioxide emissions by as much as 28 percent, GDP will be reduced by $154 billion per year. If we spend all of this money, trim 
our GDP by $154 billion a year, and ac-tually achieve this impractical 2 de-grees Celsius, where will humankind be then? How much will the sea level not rise? No one can say. How much thick-er will the icecap be in the Arctic or 
Antarctic? No one knows. How many coral reefs will be preserved? No one will even venture a guess. All of this to be done, all of this money to be spent, and experts cannot say how much it will help, if at all. 
Dr. Lomborg writes that the Paris 
agreements are ‘‘likely to see countries that have flourished with capitalism willingly compromising their future prosperity in the name of climate change.’’ Negotiators in Paris should weigh the real-world costs against the negligible environmental impact when discussing emissions reductions. 
Finally, the Obama administration’s 
international promises should come back to the Senate for advice and con-sent of Congress. Under the Constitu-tion, the approval by two-thirds in the Senate is needed to enter into a legally binding treaty. I join many of my col-leagues in urging the President to sub-mit to Congress any agreement in Paris with regard to U.S. emissions targets and timetables or pledges that appropriate taxpayer dollars. 
Americans should have a say in the 
approval process. A recent FOX News poll showed that only 3 percent of Americans believe that climate change is the most important issue facing our country. 
In conclusion, the President’s prom-
ises in Paris are not based on scientific analysis, according to these professors, but would certainly slow the economy, cost jobs, cost billions of dollars, divert money from real and pressing needs, and be of limited value. With so much at stake, these policies should come back to Congress for debate, consulta-tion, and approval or disapproval. 
Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. GRASSLEY addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. WYDEN addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I follow Sen-ator G
RASSLEY after he has completed 
his remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor because we are dis-cussing ObamaCare on the reconcili-ation bill. Webster’s dictionary defines the word ‘‘success’’ as the correct or desired result of an attempt. So I want to discuss the definition of the word ‘‘success’’ as we consider repeal of ObamaCare. 
On the day the bill was signed into 
law, President Obama said the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.064 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8231 December 1, 2015 
Today we are affirming that essential 
truth, a truth every generation is called to rediscover for itself, that we are not a nation that scales back its aspirations. 
Such grand words for where we are 
today with ObamaCare. Today the suc-cess of the law that now bears his name, ObamaCare, is defined in much more meager terms. Think of all we have been through to this point: the fight over the bill and the extreme leg-islative means used to pass it through the Congress; the Supreme Court deci-sion that effectively repealed half of the law’s coverage. Think of all the changes made to the law through regu-lation to make sure ObamaCare actu-ally got launched—the postponing of the employer mandate, the postponing of lifetime limits. Think of the impact this law has had on our economy—peo-ple losing jobs, people losing the health insurance they currently have because if you like what you have, you may not be able to keep it. 
Let’s talk about that for a moment. 
‘‘If you like what you have, you can keep it.’’ This was the promise the President made to the American people on at least 36 separate occasions. It is a great sound bite. It is easy to say. It rolls off the tongue. It is also not true. It was never true. It obviously was not true when the law was written. It was obviously not true when the first pro-posed regulation came out. 
This is what I said on the Senate 
floor in September of 2010: 
Only in the District of Columbia could you 
get away with telling the people ‘‘if you like what you have, you can keep it,’’ and then pass regulations 6 months later that do just the opposite, and figure that people are going to ignore it. 
It is not that I have some magic crys-
tal ball. We all knew it. The adminis-tration certainly knew the day would come when millions of people would re-ceive cancellation notices. My con-stituents clearly know that. I heard from many Iowans who found out the hard way that the President made a bunch of pie-in-the-sky promises that he knew he couldn’t keep; constituents such as this one from Perry, IA, who wrote to me saying: 
My husband and I are farmers. For nine 
years now we have bought our own policy. To keep the cost affordable our plan is a major medical plan with a very high deductible. We recently received a letter that our plan was going away. Effective January 1, 2014, it will be updated to comply with the mandates of ObamaCare. 
To manage the risks of much higher pre-
miums, our insurance company is asking us to cancel our current policy and sign on at a higher rate effective December 31, 2013 or we could go to the government exchange. 
We did not get to keep our current policy. 
We did not get to keep our lower rates. I now have to pay for coverage that I do not want or will never use. We are not low income that might qualify for assistance. 
We are the small business owner that is 
trying to live the American dream. I do not believe in large government that wants to run my life. 
From a constituent living in Mason 
City: My wife and I are both 60 years old, and 
have been covered by an excellent Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield policy for several years. It is not through my employer. We se-lected the plan because it had the features we wanted and needed . . . our choice. And because we are healthy, we have a preferred premium rate. 
Yesterday, we got a call from our agent ex-
plaining that since our plan is not grand-
fathered, it will need to be replaced by the end of 2014. The current plan has a $5,000 de-ductible and the premium is $511 a month. The best option going forward for us from Wellmark would cost $955 per month (a mod-est 87 percent increase), and have a $10,000 deductible. And because we have been dili-gent and responsible in saving for our up-coming retirement, we do not qualify for any taxpayer-funded subsidies. 
These are just two of many letters, 
emails, and phone calls I have received from Iowans. 
Now the issue has turned to cost. 
Millions of people face rising pre-miums. The impact is real and undeni-able. 
Here is another from a constituent 
from Des Moines: 
In 2013, I encountered some medical prob-
lems which caused me to retire early. My spouse works as an adjunct instructor . . . thus not qualifying for coverage. In 2014, with 4 part-time jobs between us, we made $44,289 in Adjusted Gross Income. 
Our Obamacare insurance cost $968 per 
month and after credits, we paid $478 per month or approximately 13 percent of our Adjusted Gross Income. In 2015, our Adjusted Gross Income will be approximately the same, however our Obamacare insurance jumped to a premium of $1,028.82 and our cost to $590.12. 
The insurance company touted that pre-
miums went up less than 10 percent, but as you can see, my costs went up 23 percent. The impact to Adjusted Gross Income went to 16 percent, a 23 percent increase. I just re-ceived my 2016 premium estimate. Our Ad-justed Gross Income is likely to be the same. Our gross premium is scheduled to rise 36 percent to nearly $1,400; our cost after the credit is jumping 63 percent and the impact to our Adjusted Gross Income is that 25 per-cent of our income will be spent on health insurance (a 56 percent increase). 
Thousands of Iowans have contacted 
me asking what can be done. Now that we clearly see that what the President sold the American people was a bag of Washington’s best gift-wrapped hot air. All the grandiose talk about the impor-tance of this statute, and what we ulti-mately have is an optional Medicaid expansion with a glorified high-risk pool and a government portal that makes DMV look efficient. 
Finally, I would be remiss if I didn’t 
mention the co-op disaster. The first co-op to fall was Iowa’s CoOportunity. CoOportunity enrolled the second most beneficiaries of any co-op in America. CoOportunity knew they were in trou-ble because they enrolled more than 100,000 people when they were planning for less than 20,000. CoOportunity was in contact with CMS and so was the State of Iowa. CMS chose not to fur-ther fund CoOportunity and CoOportunity has since been liq-uidated. American taxpayers have bil-lions of dollars invested in these co- ops. The taxpayer only gets their money back when co-ops succeed. 
CMS’s stewardship of this program has proven that CoOportunity was not an exception but unfortunately the rule as more and more co-ops have failed. 
Americans deserve better. They 
voted for better. It is time to admit that ObamaCare has not achieved the correct or desired result of an attempt. It has not been a success by any meas-ure, unless, of course, you lower your standard to the point that the mere act of keeping the doors open is a success. How sad is that for all we have been through. 
Maybe, just maybe, it is time to 
admit that the massive restructuring has failed. Partisanship has failed. Per-haps it is time to sit down and consider commonsense, bipartisan steps that we could take to lower the cost and im-prove quality. Perhaps we could enact alternative reforms aimed at solving America’s biggest health care prob-lems, reforms like revising the Tax Code to help individuals who buy their own health insurance, allowing people to purchase health coverage across State lines and form risk pools in the individual market, expanding tax-free health savings accounts, making health care price and quality informa-tion more transparent, cracking down on frivolous medical malpractice law-suits, using high-risk pools to insure folks with preexisting conditions, giv-ing States more freedom to improve 
Medicaid, and using provider competi-tion and consumer choice to bring down costs in Medicare and throughout the health care delivery system. 
The American people need to know 
that this failed program is not the only answer and we are not scaling back our aspirations. With this vote this week, we once again demonstrate to the American people our willingness to not accept failure and to aim for better. That is what America is all about. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 7 p.m., with Sen-ators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
f 
RECONCILIATION LEGISLATION 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, with so 
many issues to wrap up before the end of this year and so many enormous challenges facing our country, my view is the Senate ought to be embracing bi-partisanship at every turn. In fact, ear-lier today the senior Senator from Iowa and I released an 18-month bipar-tisan inquiry into Solvaldi, which is the blockbuster drug to deal with hepa-titis C, and the reason we did is be-cause these specialty drugs are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.065 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8232 December 1, 2015 
drugs of the future for cancer, Alz-
heimer’s, diabetes, and defeating hepa-titis C if people can afford them. Using the company’s own documents, there were real questions about whether ac-cess and affordability were just kind of an oversight because all they truly cared about was maximizing revenue. A Republican, a senior Member of this body, a good friend of mine, and I as a Democrat came together because we thought this question of making sure the public can get access to break-through cures and that they be afford-able was something that would require bipartisan effort. I am very proud that the senior Senator from Iowa and I joined in that effort earlier today. 
We ought to be embracing bipartisan-
ship. I come tonight to unfortunately talk about this reconciliation legisla-tion because I think it is the antithesis of what Chairman G
RASSLEY and I 
sought to do earlier today, which was to take a bipartisan approach. The rec-onciliation legislation in my view is a rejection of bipartisanship. It is a re-jection of bipartisanship because it would, for example, undermine wom-en’s health, it would mean millions more Americans go without insurance, and it puts at risk our ability to have affordable health insurance premiums. I think it is going to drive up these health insurance premiums. 
So I am going to just spend a few 
minutes tonight talking about why I object to this legislation and again why it really is the antithesis of the kind of bipartisanship that we need. 
My first concern is that the Senate is 
looking once again at a plan that would wreak havoc on women’s health in our country by denying the funding for Planned Parenthood. It is impor-tant to recognize the horrific act of gun violence that happened at a Colo-rado Planned Parenthood clinic last week. It was another in a long stream of tragedies that have taken place across the Nation, including one in my home State in Roseburg, OR, in Octo-ber. This time it marked an attack on the public and women’s health. 
Millions of women have sought rou-
tine, medical care in Planned Parent-hood clinics just like the one in Colo-rado. More than 70,000 Oregonians are served by the 11 Planned Parenthood centers in my home State. 
The bottom line is that Planned Par-
enthood is a bedrock institution for women’s health care in America. In my view it is wrong to bring such a mis-guided, controversial proposal before this body in the wake of the horrible, tragic events in Colorado. 
These are the services Planned Par-
enthood offers that would be at risk of disappearing with this reconciliation proposal: pregnancy tests, birth con-trol, prenatal services, HIV tests, can-cer screenings, vaccinations, testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections, basic physical examina-tions, treatment for chronic condi-tions, pediatric care, adoption refer-rals, nutrition programs, and more. This seems to be the latest offering 
in what amounts to an ongoing, coordi-nated campaign to regrettably under-mine the fundamental rights of all women in our country to make their own reproductive choices and attain af-fordable, high-quality health care. When you wipe out Planned Parent-hood’s funding, you dramatically and painfully reduce women’s access to services that have absolutely nothing to do with abortion. And I want to re-peat that; I have done that on this floor before. What I have talked about are all those important services: cancer screenings, gone; vaccinations, gone; basic physical exams, gone; treatment for chronic conditions, gone; pediatric care, gone. The list goes on and on and has absolutely nothing to do with abor-tion. So I hope that this campaign against women’s health will come to an end. 
The second objection I want to touch 
on tonight is the harm the bill threat-ens to do to millions of vulnerable Americans by repealing as much of the Affordable Care Act, frankly, as Senate procedure would allow. Based on the reports of the bill’s contents, this is what is at stake. According to the non-partisan experts at the Congressional Budget Office, this proposal would mean 14 million more Americans would go without health insurance. For peo-ple who shop for their own private in-surance coverage, premiums would in-crease by 20 percent. That is poten-tially hundreds or thousands of dollars taken out of families’ pockets. Emer-gency rooms would once again be the fallback for people without a doctor. Typical Americans with insurance would once again have to pay the hid-den tax of higher premiums to cover the costs of those without coverage. 
There have been more than 50 votes 
to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act, and there is still no viable plan to replace it. As a Member of Con-gress, you can object to a law and want to make changes, but America cannot and will not go back to the days when health care was reserved for the healthy and the wealthy. That is what this plan does. 
Before I came to Congress, I was co-
director of the senior citizens group, the Gray Panthers, and I remember what health care was like in those days. In effect, the system truly did work for people who were healthy and wealthy. If you were healthy, you didn’t have any preconditions. You didn’t have any of these pre-existing conditions. If you were wealthy, you could just pay the bill, but it was care that worked for the healthy and the wealthy. 
Yet with the Affordable Care Act, 
that changed. Unfortunately, what this destructive reconciliation bill would do would be to take us back to those days when health care was reserved for the healthy and the wealthy. 
The fact is, despite raising costs for 
families, causing turmoil in insurance markets, and raising the number of un-insured Americans by 14 million, this 
bill doesn’t even manage to repeal the Affordable Care Act fully. That is be-cause of the reconciliation process, be-cause of the way it works, which brings me to the final issue I wish to raise today. 
Reconciliation is a sharp departure 
from the usual procedure for Senate de-bate. Usually bills being considered on the Senate floor are subject to an un-limited debate and unlimited amend-ment. Further, it typically takes 60 votes to pass a bill, assuring that there is at least some measure of bipartisan support. These regular-order proce-dures give the Senate its unique char-acter. The reconciliation procedure is an exception to this usual approach. Reconciliation imposes tight limits on debate and on amendments, and it al-lows a vote of a bare majority of Sen-ators—51—to pass a bill. The reconcili-ation procedure originally was created to facilitate the passage of budget-re-lated bills which can be particularly important and particularly hard to pass. But reconciliation shouldn’t be a free pass that allows the majority to pass anything it wants on a fast track. That would undermine the funda-mental character of the Senate. 
I am concerned that the reconcili-
ation process is being misused here. Everybody in the Chamber knows what is happening. This bill is not designed to address budget-related issues; it is all about repealing the Affordable Care Act to the maximum extent possible. Repeatedly, the bill’s advocates have proposed to repeal ObamaCare—to dis-mantle ObamaCare. 
A few weeks ago, the Parliamen-
tarian advised that the reconciliation process could not be used to repeal the individual and employer mandates. The Parliamentarian said that would vio-late what is known as the Byrd rule against extraneous amendments be-cause the budgetary effects of the pro-vision would be dwarfed by the health policy effects. 
In response, the majority has pro-
posed to formally retain the mandates but to completely repeal the penalties enforcing them. That is not a straight-forward way to legislate. It is a very cynical approach, and that is not this Senate at its best. 
The complete elimination of all pen-
alties is tantamount to repeal of the mandates. A mandate without an en-forcement system is not a legal re-quirement; it is a mere recommenda-tion. It is like having speed limits but not fines for violating. By deleting the penalties, the proposal fundamentally alters the character and operation of the law. 
Finally, I think this would set a very 
dangerous precedent for this body. These penalties can be eliminated in a reconciliation bill. The door is going to be open to all kinds of proposals to strip away penalties in a future rec-onciliation bill. For example, you could keep an environmental law on the books, but you could just say: Let’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.068 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8233 December 1, 2015 
strip away the penalties for violating. 
That would allow a majority to fun-damentally undermine a nonbudgetary law in a reconciliation bill. 
I have enormous respect for the Par-
liamentarian and her staff. They work diligently to serve the Senate, and they have to make some tough calls. I will say that this one leaves me dis-appointed and perplexed. 
With so many issues—as I touched on 
earlier—I would hope that the Senate would spend more time doing what Chairman G
RASSLEY and I did some-
where in the vicinity of 9 hours or 10 hours ago. We said there was an impor-tant issue. It happened to be a health care issue as well—prescription drugs. We spent 18 months with our very dedi-cated staffs, Democrats and Repub-licans working together, to try to find some common ground. It is a hugely important issue, important to the peo-ple of Colorado, Oregon, and every-where else. In effect, we said it was im-portant because it was about the fu-ture. The drugs of the future are going to be specialty drugs, exciting drugs with the opportunity for real cures. People are going to have to be able to afford them, and using the companies’ own documents, this morning Chair-man G
RASSLEY and I pointed out how 
affordability and accessibility weren’t actually the issue; the issue was maxi-mizing revenue. 
But most important—whether you 
agree with the two of us or not—it was bipartisan. It was Democrats and Re-publicans coming together on a hugely important issue. 
This reconciliation proposal we will 
deal with on the floor of this Senate is a rejection of the kind of bipartisan-ship that I was part of something like 8 hours or 10 hours ago. It is part of what I believe the Senate is all about— what the Senate is at its best—as an institution that functions in a bipar-tisan way. That is why I felt compelled to come to the floor tonight and lay out my concerns about a very trou-bling precedent, and that is the one that is being set with the reconcili-ation bill. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 299, H.R. 3762. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. RESTORING AMERICANS’ 
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 299, 
H.R. 3762, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is not debatable. 
The question occurs on agreeing to 
the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconcili-
ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2874 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a substitute amendment to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2874. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
TITLE I—FINANCE 
SEC. 101. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds pro-vided from a program referred to in this sub-section that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) P ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-
ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— 
(A) that, as of the date of enactment of 
this Act— 
(i) is an organization described in section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; 
(ii) is an essential community provider de-
scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an 
abortion— 
(I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act 
of rape or incest; or 
(II) in the case where a woman suffers from 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-
sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and 
(B) for which the total amount of Federal 
and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $350,000,000. 
(2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct 
spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). 
SEC. 102. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B) by striking clauses 
(ii) and (iii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) Zero percent for taxable years begin-
ning after 2014.’’, and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) 
and inserting ‘‘$0’’, 
(B) by striking ‘‘and $325 for 2015’’ in sub-
paragraph (B), and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (D). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 103. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) L ARGE EMPLOYERS NOT OFFERING  
HEALTH COVERAGE .—Paragraph (1) of section 
4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months beginning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. 
(b) L
ARGE EMPLOYERS OFFERING COVERAGE  
WITHEMPLOYEES WHOQUALIFY FOR PREMIUM  
TAXCREDITS OR COST-SHARING REDUCTIONS .— 
Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by in-serting ‘‘($0 in the case of months beginning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 104. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE 
TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to sales in calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 105. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE 
HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS. 
(a) E XCISE TAX.—Chapter 43 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
(c) R
EINSTATEMENT .—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024, and chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as such chap-ter would read if such subsection had never been enacted. 
SEC. 106. RECAPTURE OF EXCESS ADVANCE PAY-
MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 
36B(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraph (B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.070 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8234 December 1, 2015 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2015. 
TITLE II—HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR 
AND PENSIONS 
SEC. 201. REPEAL OF THE PREVENTION AND PUB-
LIC HEALTH FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4002(b) of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2015’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (3) through (5). 
(b) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Of 
the funds made available by such section 4002, the unobligated balance is rescinded. 
SEC. 202. FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH 
CENTER PROGRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of 
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting after ‘‘Section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)) is amended’’ the following: ‘‘by striking ‘$3,600,000,000’ and inserting ‘$3,835,000,000’ and’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the con-sideration of H.R. 3762 now be for de-bate only during today’s session of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate is now considering the House- passed Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. We finally have a chance to vote to end ObamaCare’s cycle of bro-ken promises and failures with a sim-ple majority vote. I look forward to completing action on this bill this week. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
TRIBUTE TO TOM OWEN 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-
spected public servant and renowned historian Tom Owen has announced that he will be retiring from the Louis-ville Metro Council after next year. Tom is a friend of mine, and I want to take this opportunity to express my gratitude for his many years of public service. His deep knowledge of Louis-ville’s past and his great passion to shape our city’s future will be greatly missed and impossible to replace. 
Tom is one of the original members 
of the metro council, having served since that body’s inception in 2002. In 2010 he served as metro council presi-dent. Tom previously served on the old Louisville Board of Aldermen from 1990 to 1998. 
Tom represents district 8, which in-
cludes most of the Highlands neighbor-hood. I should mention here that Tom is not only my friend but also my coun-cilman. He is currently the chair of the committee on sustainability and a member of the committees on public works, bridges and transportation and planning, and zoning and land design. 
Tom is also a full professor at the 
University of Louisville; and he has served as a history instructor, an ar-
chivist, and a community relations as-sociate at the University of Louisville since 1968. His knowledge of the city of Louisville is vast, and he frequently speaks on local television and radio about Louisville history. He also leads walking tours of historic Louisville and famous city landmarks and makes videos of these walking tours available to the public. 
Tom earned his Ph.D. in American 
history from the University of Ken-tucky, a master’s in history from the 
University of Louisville, a bachelor of divinity from Methodist Theological School in Ohio, and a bachelor’s degree from Kentucky Wesleyan. He is an elder at Highland Presbyterian Church, and of his many hobbies, I know he en-joys bicycling and commuting by bicy-cle, as he has championed bicycle com-muting as one his causes on the metro council. 
Tom has been awarded the Distin-
guished Service Award from the Louis-ville Historical League, the Out-standing University of Louisville Em-ployee Award, an honorary member-ship in the Kentucky Chapter of the America Institute of Architects, and a Patron Service Award at the Univer-sity of Louisville libraries. As all these awards make clear, Tom is widely re-spected as Louisville’s unofficial histo-rian, and his absence from city govern-ment will be felt deeply. 
Tom and I don’t always see eye to 
eye on every issue, but I have great re-spect for Tom as a legislator, as an ad-vocate for the citizens of the 8th dis-trict, and as someone who set out to make a difference for all the citizens of Louisville. Our shared hometown is better off thanks to Tom’s many years of service. I wish him well in retire-ment, and I am sure his wife, Phyllis, and his children and grandchildren will be glad to spend more time with him. I wish my friend, Tom, all the best in whatever exciting endeavors await him after his time in office draws to a close. 
The Louisville Courier-Journal pub-
lished an article detailing Tom’s career and decision to retire. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Louisville Courier-Journal, Nov. 
25, 2015] 
HIGHLANDS COUNCILMAN TOMOWENRETIRING  
(By Phillip M. Bailey) 
Longtime Metro Councilman Tom Owen 
announced Wednesday he will not seek re- election next year, opening up a possible av-alanche of candidates who will run for his seat representing much of the Highlands neighborhood. 
Owen, 76, who is an archivist at the Univer-
sity of Louisville, has served on the council since 2003 and was a member of the old Board of Aldermen before that. He told The Cou-rier-Journal last week he was still delib-erating on retirement, but said after careful and lengthy consideration that now is the time to step away. 
‘‘I had been mulling on this decision for a 
good two months and that’s why there had been rumors out there,’’ Owen, D–8th Dis-
trict, said. ‘‘Once I got closer to pushing the send button the more hesitant I became.’’ 
Owen, a former council president, was first 
elected to the old board in 1989 when he de-feated incumbent Alderwoman Linda Solley in the Democratic primary. In that cam-paign, Owen ran on his credentials as a local historian, saying at the time he was the ‘‘only candidate who knows the city of Lou-isville edge to edge and has a vision of the whole city’s history and needs.’’ 
Among those needs in 1989, Owen said, was 
a trolley service for the Bardstown Road cor-ridor, safer pedestrian traffic and a citywide paper recycling program. He was the only challenger to beat an incumbent in the nine board primary races that year. 
‘‘I love being involved and I’m honored as 
a historian to think I have shaped the des-tiny of Louisville even one percent,’’ Owen said Wednesday. 
In a statement, Mayor Greg Fischer said, 
Owen ‘‘has long been the city’s unofficial city historian, quite literally a walking en-
cyclopedia of Louisville history.’’ 
Former Councilwoman Tina Ward-Pugh, 
who also served with Owen on the Board of Aldermen for four years, said the two were political soulmates on a number of issues such as the environment, transportation and gay rights. She said Owen’s departure will create a ‘‘vast cavern of institutional knowl-edge’’ for the council. 
‘‘Tom and I were virtually joined at the 
hip on many progressive and social justice issues over the years,’’ Ward-Pugh said. ‘‘I probably pushed him a little more than he was comfortable and he held my hand when I was headed out a little too far, so we bal-anced each other.’’ 
Owen ran for mayor in the 1998 Democratic 
primary where he came just shy of beating Dave Armstrong, who went on to be the last mayor of the old city. 
The newspaper archives show Owen was 
one of the early supporters of a Fairness law when the city was first debating adopting an anti-discrimination legislation to protect gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered in-dividuals in housing and other public accom-modations. Today, Owen is most associated with his push for better public transpor-tation and bicycle advocacy, and he has championed the city adding more bike lanes to major thoroughfares. 
As a UofL professor of libraries since 1975, 
colleagues say Owen was always able to put the council’s current actions in a historical context. 
‘‘Tom’s a person I always go to for that in-
formation, so I hope he keeps his same phone number,’’ Councilman David James, D–6th, said. 
‘‘Tom has institutional knowledge, he has 
brains, he is thoughtful and I have thor-oughly enjoyed working with him,’’ said Councilman Kelly Downard, R–16th, who is also retiring after this year. ‘‘The council is going to miss him heavily, and boy, there’s going to be a hole.’’ 
Only half of the Metro Council’s 26 mem-
bers are from the original class who were elected when city and county governments merged in 2002. 
Owen said he doesn’t want to look back on 
his career just yet and has a lot more he’d like to accomplish in his last year, but he said there are plenty of talented people who can represent the district. 
William Corey Nett, a member of the Tyler 
Park Neighborhood Association, filed as a Democratic candidate this month. It is ex-pected that several more contenders will jump in the race to represent the district, which encompasses most of the Highlands neighborhood. 
The deadline for candidates to run for 
Metro Council is Jan. 26. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.024 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8235 December 1, 2015 
RECOGNIZING PAST CRIMES 
AGAINST HUMANITY IN INDONESIA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the re-
alignment toward Asia has focused our attention on partnerships with coun-tries in the region. We share political, economic, security, and humanitarian interests, creating complex and multi-dimensional relationships. But our commitment to the protection and pro-motion of human rights must continue to be a foundation for our relations with these countries, as with others around the world. We must continue to advocate for open societies where dia-logue and dissent are encouraged and where security forces are professional and accountable. At the same time, we cannot ignore history. 
Fifty years ago, under the guise of a 
state-sanctioned Communist purge, hundreds of thousands of Indonesian men, women, and children were mur-dered. Many more were rounded up and led to concentration camps where they were imprisoned, and many were tor-
tured by the security forces of a dic-tatorial and brutal regime that had the backing of the United States. It has been widely recognized as one of the worst mass atrocities of the 20th cen-tury, but efforts to establish a truth and reconciliation commission to come to terms with these crimes have stalled at every turn. The atrocities are still not recognized or discussed by the In-donesian Government, and the per-petrators were long celebrated as he-roes for their actions. 
The United States should lead by ex-
ample in acknowledging this tragic history and reaffirm that human rights are at the forefront of our strategic re-lationships in Indonesia and beyond. As the most senior member of the Appro-priations Committee, I have supported conditions on foreign assistance, in-cluding requiring recipient countries to protect freedoms of expression and association, respect the rule of law and due process, reform their judicial sys-tems and security forces, and strength-en other key elements of a democratic society. 
Through the ‘‘Leahy Law,’’ I have 
sought to encourage reform of Indo-nesia’s military and police forces, pro-mote cooperation with civilian au-thorities, and hold human rights viola-tors accountable. I have also supported efforts to demilitarize West Papua and stop the human rights violations asso-ciated with the militarization of that island. 
Unfortunately, while Indonesia has 
made important economic and political strides since the systemic repression of the Suharto years, impunity for the horrific crimes of the 1960s and during the final years of the independence struggle in East Timor remain glaring examples of unfinished business that are inconsistent with a democratic so-ciety based on the principle that no one is above the law. 
We need to recognize the role of our 
own government in this history, de-classify relevant documents, and urge the Indonesian Government to ac-
knowledge the massacres and establish a credible truth and justice mecha-nism. 
I ask unanimous consent that a 
poignant opinion piece on this subject that was published in the New Yorker on September 29, 2015, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New Yorker, Sept. 29, 2015] 
SUHARTO ’SPURGE , INDONESIA ’SSILENCE  
(By Joshua Oppenheimer) 
This week marks the 50th anniversary of 
the beginning of a mass slaughter in Indo-nesia. With American support, more than 500,000 people were murdered by the Indo-nesian Army and its civilian death squads. At least 750,000 more were tortured and sent to concentration camps, many for decades. 
The victims were accused of being ‘‘com-
munists,’’ an umbrella that included not only members of the legally registered Com-munist Party, but all likely opponents of Suharto’s new military regime—from union members and women’s rights activists to teachers and the ethnic Chinese. Unlike in Germany, Rwanda or Cambodia, there have been no trials, no truth-and-reconciliation commissions, no memorials to the victims. Instead, many perpetrators still hold power throughout the country. 
Indonesia is the world’s fourth most popu-
lous nation, and if it is to become the democ-racy it claims to be, this impunity must end. The anniversary is a moment for the United States to support Indonesia’s democratic transition by acknowledging the 1965 geno-cide, and encouraging a process of truth, rec-onciliation and justice. 
On Oct. 1, 1965, six army generals in Ja-
karta were killed by a group of disaffected junior officers. Maj. Gen. Suharto assumed command of the armed forces, blamed the killings on the leftists, and set in motion a killing machine. Millions of people associ-ated with left-leaning organizations were targeted, and the nation dissolved into ter-ror—people even stopped eating fish for fear that fish were eating corpses. Suharto usurped President Sukarno’s authority and established himself as de facto president by March 1966. From the very beginning, he en-joyed the full support of the United States. 
I’ve spent 12 years investigating the ter-
rible legacy of the genocide, creating two documentary films, ‘‘The Act of Killing’’ in 2013 and ‘‘The Look of Silence,’’ released ear-lier this year. I began in 2003, working with a family of survivors. We wanted to show what it is like to live surrounded by still- powerful perpetrators who had murdered your loved ones. 
The family gathered other survivors to tell 
their stories, but the army warned them not to participate. Many survivors urged me not to give up and suggested that I film per-petrators in hopes that they would reveal de-tails of the massacres. 
I did not know if it was safe to approach 
the killers, but when I did, I found them open. They offered boastful accounts of the killings, often with smiles on their faces and in front of their grandchildren. I felt I had wandered into Germany 40 years after the Holocaust, only to find the Nazis still in power. 
Today, former political prisoners from this 
era still face discrimination and threats. Gatherings of elderly survivors are regularly attacked by military-backed thugs. School-children are still taught that the ‘‘extermi-nation of the communists’’ was heroic, and that victims’ families should be monitored 
for disloyalty. This official history, in effect, legitimizes violence against a whole segment of society. 
The purpose of such intimidation is to cre-
ate a climate of fear in which corruption and plunder go unchallenged. Inevitably in such an atmosphere, human rights violations have continued since 1965, including the 1975–1999 occupation of East Timor, where enforced starvation contributed to the killing of near-ly a third of the population, as well as tor-ture and extrajudicial killing that go on in West Papua today. 
Military rule in Indonesia formally ended 
in 1998, but the army remains above the law. If a general orders an entire village mas-sacred, he cannot be tried in civilian courts. The only way he could face justice is if the army itself convenes a military tribunal, or if Parliament establishes a special human rights court—something it has never done fairly and effectively. With the military not subject to law, a shadow state of paramilitaries and intelligence agencies has formed around it. This shadow state con-tinues to intimidate the public into silence while, together with its business partners, it loots the national wealth. 
Indonesia can hold regular elections, but if 
the laws do not apply to the most powerful elements in society, then there is no rule of law, and no genuine democracy. The country will never become a true democracy until it takes serious steps to end impunity. An es-sential start is a process of truth, reconcili-ation and justice. 
This may still be possible. The Indonesian 
media, which used to shy from discussing the genocide, now refers to the killings as crimes against humanity, and grassroots activism has taken hold. The current president, Joko Widodo, indicated he would address the 1965 massacre, but he has not established a truth commission, issued a national apology, or taken any other steps to end the military’s impunity. 
We need truth and accountability from the 
United States as well. U.S. involvement dates at least to an April 1962 meeting be-tween American and British officials result-ing in the decision to ‘‘liquidate’’ President Sukarno, the populist—but not communist— founding father of Indonesia. As a founder of the nonaligned movement, Sukarno favored socialist policies; Washington wanted to re-place him with someone more deferential to Western strategic and commercial interests. 
The United States conducted covert oper-
ations to destabilize Sukarno and strengthen the military. Then, when genocide broke out, America provided equipment, weapons and money. The United States compiled lists containing thousands of names of public fig-ures likely to oppose the new military re-gime, and handed them over to the Indo-nesian military, presumably with the expec-tation that they would be killed. Western aid to Suharto’s dictatorship, ultimately amounting to tens of billions of dollars, began flowing while corpses still clogged In-donesia’s rivers. The American media cele-brated Suharto’s rise and his campaign of death. Time magazine said it was the ‘‘best news for years in Asia.’’ 
But the extent of America’s role remains 
hidden behind a wall of secrecy: C.I.A. docu-ments and U.S. defense attach papers remain classified. Numerous Freedom of Informa-tion Act requests for these documents have been denied. Senator Tom Udall, Democrat of New Mexico, will soon reintroduce a reso-lution that, if passed, would acknowledge America’s role in the atrocities, call for de-classification of all relevant documents, and urge the Indonesian government to acknowl-edge the massacres and establish a truth commission. If the U.S. government recog-nizes the genocide publicly, acknowledges its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.026 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8236 December 1, 2015 
role in the crimes, and releases all docu-
ments pertaining to the issue, it will encour-age the Indonesian government to do the same. 
This anniversary should be a reminder that 
although we want to move on, although nothing will wake the dead or make whole what has been broken, we must stop, honor the lives destroyed, acknowledge our role in the destruction, and allow the healing proc-ess to begin. 
f 
CBO COST ESTIMATE—S. 720 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, in 
compliance with paragraph 11(a) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources has obtained from the Congressional Budget Office an esti-mate of the costs of S. 720, the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitive-ness Act of 2015, as reported from the committee. I respectfully ask unani-mous consent that the summary of the opinion of the Congressional Budget Office be printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD . The full estimate is available 
on CBO’s Web site www.cbo.gov. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE COST 
ESTIMATE  
S. 720—ENERGY SAVINGS AND INDUSTRIAL  
COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 2015  
(October 19, 2015) 
Summary: S. 720 would amend current law 
and authorize appropriations for a variety activities and programs related to energy ef-ficiency. The bill would require federal agen-cies that guarantee mortgages to consider whether homes with energy-efficient im-provements would affect borrowers’ ability to repay mortgages. The bill also would mod-ify certain energy-related goals and require-ments for federal agencies. 
CBO estimates that enacting S. 720 would 
increase direct spending by $15 million over the 2016–2025 period; therefore, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. Enacting the bill would not affect revenues. In addition, CBO esti-mates that implementing the legislation would cost $218 million over the next five years, assuming appropriation actions con-sistent with the legislation. 
CBO estimates that enacting S. 720 would 
not increase on-budget deficits or net direct spending by more than $5 billion in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods begin-ning in 2026. S. 720 would impose an intergov-ernmental mandate, as defined in the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA), by re-quiring states and tribal governments to cer-tify to the Department of Energy (DOE) whether or not they have updated residential and commercial building codes to meet the latest standards developed by building effi-ciency organizations. CBO estimates that the cost of that mandate would fall well below the annual threshold established in UMRA for intergovernmental mandates ($77 million in 2015, adjusted annually for infla-tion.) This bill contains no private-sector mandates as defined in UMRA. 
f 
CBO COST ESTIMATE—S. 2011 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, in 
compliance with paragraph 11(a) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources has obtained from the Congressional Budget Office an esti-
mate of the costs of S. 2011, the Off-shore Production and Energizing Na-tional Security Act of 2015, as reported from the committee. I respectfully ask unanimous consent that the summary of the opinion of the Congressional Budget Office be printed in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD . The full estimate 
is available on CBO’s Web site www.cbo.gov. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE COST 
ESTIMATE  
S. 2011—OFFSHORE PRODUCTION AND ENERGIZING  
NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 2015  
(October 6, 2015) 
Summary: S. 2011 would amend existing 
laws related to oil and gas leasing on the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) and would re-move restrictions on exporting crude oil pro-duced in the United States. The legislation would modify the terms and conditions gov-erning certain leasing activities and author-ize new direct spending of proceeds from fed-eral oil and gas leasing for certain programs and for payments to certain coastal states. In addition, the bill would authorize appro-priations for grants to Indian tribes for cap-ital projects and other activities aimed at adapting to climate change. 
CBO estimates that enacting S. 2011 would 
reduce net direct spending by about $0.2 bil-lion over the 2016–2025 period. Provisions in titles I–Ill would affect oil and gas leasing on the OCS and CBO estimates those provisions would have a net cost about $1.3 billion over the 10 year period. Increased collections from eliminating restrictions on exports of crude oil would total $1.4 billion over the same pe-riod. 
In addition, CBO estimates that imple-
menting the bill would increase spending subject to appropriation by about $700 mil-lion over the 2016–2020 period mainly for pro-grams to assist Indian tribes. Because enact-ing the legislation would affect direct spend-ing, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. Enact-ing the bill would not affect revenues. 
CBO estimates that enacting the legisla-
tion would increase both direct spending and net on-budget deficits by more than $5 bil-lion in at least one of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2026. 
The bill contains no intergovernmental 
mandates as defined in the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act (UMRA) and would impose no costs on state, local, or tribal govern-ments. To the extent that the bill would in-crease royalties and other revenue from off-shore oil and gas development, the bill would benefit certain coastal states through the sharing of leasing receipts with the federal government. Some local and tribal govern-ments, as well as 2 institutions of higher education, also would benefit from receipt sharing and grant programs funded by leas-ing revenues. 
The bill contains no private-sector man-
dates as defined in UMRA. 
f 
CBO COST ESTIMATE—S. 2012 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, in 
compliance with paragraph 11(a) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources has obtained from the Congressional Budget Office an esti-mate of the costs of S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2012, as re-ported from the committee. I respect-
fully ask unanimous consent that the summary of the opinion of the Congres-sional Budget Office be printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . The full esti-
mate is available on CBO’s Web site www.cbo.gov. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE COST 
ESTIMATE  
S. 2012—ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF  
2015 
(October 15, 2015) 
Summary: S. 2012 would amend current law 
and authorize appropriations for a variety of activities and programs administered pri-marily by the Department of Energy (DOE). The legislation also would: 
Expand and extend federal agencies’ au-
thority to use certain types of long-term contracts to invest in energy conservation measures and related services; 
Specify various energy-related goals and 
requirements for federal agencies; 
Modify DOE’s authority to guarantee loans 
under Title 17 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; and 
Establish a pilot program to streamline 
the review and approval of applications for permits to drill for oil and gas on federal lands. 
Assuming appropriation of amounts spe-
cifically authorized and estimated to be nec-essary under S. 2012—roughly $40 billion over the 2016–2020 period (and an additional $3 bil-lion in later years)—CBO estimates that im-plementing this legislation would result in outlays totaling $32 billion over the 2016–2020 period from those appropriations, with addi-tional spending of about $11 billion occurring after 2020. 
CBO also estimates that the bill would re-
sult in additional direct spending. The esti-mated amount of direct spending depends on the budgetary treatment of federal commit-ments through certain types of long-term en-ergy-related contracts, which CBO expects would increase under the bill. In CBO’s view, commitments under such contracts are a form of direct spending because agencies enter into such contracts without appropria-tions in advance to cover their full costs. On the basis of that view, CBO estimates that enacting S. 2012 would increase direct spend-ing by $659 million over the 2016–2025 period. 
However, for purposes of determining budg-
et-related points of order for legislation con-sidered by the Senate, section 3207 of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016 specifies a scoring rule for provisions related to such contracts (referred to in this document as the scoring rule for energy contracts). Specifically, that rule re-quires CBO to calculate, on a net present value basis, the lifetime net cost or savings attributable to projects financed by such contracts and to record that amount as an upfront change in spending subject to appro-priation. Under that rule, CBO estimates that S. 2012 would increase direct spending by $29 million over the 2016–2025 period. 
Enacting S. 2012 could affect revenues, but 
CBO estimates any such effects would be in-significant in any year. Because the bill would affect direct spending and revenues, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. 
CBO estimates that enacting S. 2012 would 
not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits by more than $5 billion in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2026. 
S. 2012 would impose an intergovernmental 
and private-sector mandate, as defined in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.027 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8237 December 1, 2015 
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA), on 
public and private entities regulated by FERC, such as electric utilities, by requiring them to pay fees in some circumstances. The bill would impose two additional mandates on public entities. One would require state and tribal governments to certify to DOE whether or not they have updated residential and commercial building codes to meet the latest standards developed by building effi-ciency organizations. The other would pre-empt state and local environmental and li-ability laws if they conflict with emergency orders issued by the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission (FERC). The bill also would impose private-sector mandates on electric transmission organizations and trad-ers of oil contracts and on individuals seek-ing compensation for damages caused by utilities operating under certain emergency orders. Based on information from DOE and analyses of similar requirements, CBO esti-mates that the aggregate cost of complying with mandates in the bill would fall below the annual thresholds established in UMRA for intergovernmental and private-sector mandates ($77 million and $154 million in 2015, respectively, adjusted annually for in-flation). 
CBO has not reviewed some provisions of 
section 2001 and section 4303 for intergovern-mental or private-sector mandates. Those provisions would provide the Secretary of Energy with emergency authority to protect the electric transmission grid from cyberse-curity threats and would protect entities subject to that authority from liability. Sec-tion 4 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act excludes from the application of that act any legislative provisions that are necessary for national security. CBO has determined that those provisions fall within that exclusion. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 OB-JECTION 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this 
afternoon the House of Representatives passed a new version of the Intelligence authorization bill for fiscal year 2016. I am concerned that section 305 of this bill would undermine independent oversight of U.S. intelligence agencies, and if this language remains in the bill, I will oppose any request to pass it by unanimous consent. 
Section 305 would limit the authority 
of the watchdog body known as the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. In my judgment, curtailing the authority of an independent oversight body like this board would be a clearly unwise decision. Most Americans whom I talk to want intelligence agencies to work to protect them from foreign threats, and they also want those agen-cies to be subject to strong, inde-pendent oversight, and this provision would undermine some of that over-sight. 
Section 305 states that the Privacy 
and Civil Liberties Board shall not have the authority to investigate any covert action program. This is prob-lematic for two reasons. First, while this board’s oversight activities to date have not focused on covert action, it is reasonably easy to envision a covert action program that could have a sig-nificant impact on Americans’ privacy and civil liberties—for example, if it included a significant surveillance 
component. 
An even bigger concern is that the 
CIA, in particular, could attempt to take advantage of this language and could refuse to cooperate with inves-tigations of its surveillance activities by arguing that those activities were somehow connected to a covert action program. I recognize that this may not be the intent of this provision, but in my 15 years on the Intelligence Com-mittee, I have repeatedly seen senior CIA officials go to striking lengths to resist external oversight of their ac-tivities. In my judgment, Congress should be making it harder, not easier, for intelligence officials to stymie independent oversight. 
For these reasons, it is my intention 
to object to any unanimous consent re-quest to pass this bill in its current form. I look forward to working with my colleagues to modify or remove this provision. 
f 
NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND 
CONFERENCE 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my opening remarks during the con-ference with the House of Representa-tives on S. 1177, the Every Child Achieves Act, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND CONFERENCE  
Representative Kline, Representative 
Scott, Senator Murray, ladies and gentle-men. 
We’re here for one reason today, because I 
sat down with Patty Murray in January and she gave me some good advice and I took it. 
And the advice was—why don’t we see if we 
can develop a bipartisan beginning to this bill, because we had failed in the last two congresses. 
And as a result we ended up with a bill 
that passed by the Senate after many amendments, 81 to 17. 
Newsweek magazine recently reminded us 
what we already knew very well: No Child Left Behind is a law that everybody wants fixed. Governors, teachers, superintendents, parents, Republicans, Democrats, students they all want to see this law fixed. 
There is a consensus about that. And, for-
tunately, there is a consensus about how to do it. 
And that consensus is this—Continue the 
law’s important measurements of academic progress of students but restore to states, school districts, classroom teachers and par-ents the responsibility for deciding what to do about improving student achievement. 
That’s why in the Senate the bill passed 81 
to 17. 
That’s is why the bill had the support of 
the nation’s governors, the Chief State School Officers, the school superintendents, the National Education Association and the American Federation of Teachers. 
There were some differences between the 
House bill and Senate bill. Fundamentally, they were based upon that same consensus. 
Both end the waivers through which the 
U.S. Department of Education has become, in effect, a national school board for more than 80,000 Schools in 42 states. Both end the federal Common Core man-
date. 
Both move decisions about whether schools 
and teachers are succeeding or failing out of Washington, D.C., and back to states and communities and teachers where those deci-sions belong because the real way to higher standards, better teachers and real account-ability is through states, communities, and classrooms—not through Washington, D.C. 
That’s why I believe this conference will be 
successful, that both houses will approve our conference work product and I believe the president will sign the legislation into law. 
Even though this agreement, in my opin-
ion, is the most significant step toward local control of schools in 25 years, some Repub-licans would like to go further. 
I am one of them. But my Scholarship for Kids proposal, 
which would have given states the option to allow federal dollars to follow children to the schools their parents choose, only re-ceived 45 votes in the Senate. We need 60. 
So I have decided, like a president named 
Reagan once advised, that I’ll take 80 per-cent of what I want and I’ll fight for the other 20 percent on another day. 
Besides, if I were to vote no, I would be 
voting to leave in place the federal Common Core mandate, the national school board, the waivers in 42 states. Let me repeat: Voting no is voting to leave in place the Common Core mandate, the national school board, and waivers in 42 states. 
There are a lot of people counting on us: 50 
million children and 3.4 million teachers and 100,000 public schools. 
The law expired seven years ago. If it were 
strictly applied, every school in America a failing school. 
Teachers and children and parents have 
been waiting all that time. If this were homework, they would give us a failing grade for being tardy. 
So I hope we will remind ourselves, and 
this is my conclusion, that it is a great privi-lege to serve in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Sen-ate. 
That there is no need for us to have that 
privilege if all we do is announce our opin-ions. We could do that at home, or on the radio, or the newspaper or the street corner. 
As members of the Congress, after we have 
our say, our job is to get a result. 
We‘re not the Iraqi parliament. We are members of the United States Con-
gress, and I hope that we will demonstrate that we cherish that privilege and that we cherish our children by building upon this consensus—fixing the law that everybody wants fixed—and showing that we are capa-ble of governing by bringing badly needed certainty to federal education policy in 100,000 public schools. 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my closing remarks during the con-ference with the House of Representa-tives on S. 1177, the Every Child Achieves Act, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND CONFERENCE  
The real winners today are 100,000 public 
schools which are attended by 50 million children, where three and a half million teachers work and are eager for us to bring some certainty to federal education policy. 
This is a law that everybody knows needs 
fixing. But also in fixing this law we know that there were alligators lurking in every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.031 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8238 December 1, 2015 
corner of the pond, and the fact that we were 
able to both in the Senate and the House navigate that pond and deal with respect-fully with one another—and also recognize in some cases our different points of view couldn’t be included—I think, is a great cred-it to the process. 
Governors, teachers, superintendents, Re-
publicans and Democrats, wanted us to do this, and we’ve done it so far. There’s not only consensus on the need to fix it, but we have now shown today that in the House and Senate of the United States, there is con-sensus on how to fix it. And that means we’ll keep the important measures of student achievement, but we will restore to states, communities and classroom teachers the re-sponsibility with what to do about the re-sults of the tests. 
This would not have happened without 
your leadership and Rep. Bobby Scott, who has been a terrific partner in all this, and the cooperation of the members of the House and Senate on this committee. 
I’ve complimented Senator Murray per-
haps excessively over the last year, but she has been absolutely key to this. So I thank you for the opportunity to participate in this. 
I came to the Senate not just to make a 
speech but also to try and get a result and today we’ve gotten one. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BONNIE CARROLL 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
last week President Obama awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, our Nation’s highest civilian honor, to my longtime friend and fellow Alaskan Bonnie Carroll. In my judgment, this is a recognition long due. While America may have first heard the name Bonnie Carroll last week, our military families have long viewed her as a lifeline, a true woman of valor. 
Bonnie is the founder of the Tragedy 
Assistance Program for Survivors, TAPS. She founded TAPS after the death of her husband, Alaska Army Na-tional Guard BG Tom Carroll, in a military plane crash on November 12, 1992. 
TAPS is an organization that pro-
vides support to military families who have lost a loved one. TAPS welcomes anyone who is grieving the death of someone who died in the military. Its families have experienced loss in a va-riety of ways—from combat, suicide, terrorism, homicide, negligence, acci-dents, and illness. Our survivors in-clude mothers and fathers, husbands and wives, sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, fiance ´s, and other relatives 
of those who have died. 
Since its launch in 1994, TAPS has 
cared for the more than 50,000 sur-viving family members through a na-tional network of peer-based emotional support services, a 24/7 helpline avail-able to those grieving a loss, connec-tions to community-based care throughout the Nation, and casework assistance for families navigating all of the resources and benefits available to them. 
One of TAPS’ most respected pro-
grams is its ‘‘Good Grief Camp,’’ which is offered to young people who have lost a loved one. This program pairs young survivors with Active-Duty mili-
tary mentors. Military mentors help the young survivors learn how our Na-tion honors those who have served and sacrificed and companion these chil-dren during their grief journey. 
I suspect that many of our fellow 
Americans had never heard of Bonnie Carroll or TAPS before. Unlike some of the others honored at last week’s cere-mony—people like Barbra Streisand, Steven Spielberg, and James Taylor— Bonnie is not a celebrity. She does not seek attention for herself. Her laser focus is on helping military families, and she does nothing to distract herself or her organization from that mission. But that doesn’t make her any less a rockstar. And now America knows why. 
Incredible as it may seem, Bonnie 
Carroll’s road to distinction did not begin with her work at TAPS. Her re-sume includes service to America as a member of the Air National Guard, the U.S. Air Force Reserve, as a senior staff member in the Reagan White House Cabinet Affairs Office, and the VA’s White House liaison in the admin-istration of President George W. Bush. She relocated to Baghdad to serve with the Coalition Provisional Authority. She has served on countless boards and commissions related to military health, suicide prevention, and grief therapy. 
Bonnie reflects the very best of the 
Alaskan spirit, a spirit of community and service before self. I am honored to join with the President in recognizing the extraordinary contributions of Bonnie Carroll, my dear friend, fellow Alaskan, and great American. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALICE WATERS 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in congratulating Alice Waters, groundbreaking chef, res-taurant owner, author, and activist who was recently awarded the National Humanities Medal by President Obama for her pioneering role in the sustain-able food movement. 
As a student at the University of 
California, Berkeley, in the 1960s, Alice developed a passion for social activism. While studying abroad in Paris one se-mester, she began to realize the impact food can have on our daily lives. Ex-posed to lively discussions over fresh, locally sourced home-cooked meals, a simple yet revolutionary idea took root, and in 1971 she and a group of friends opened Chez Panisse in Berke-ley. 
It was a concept that took off almost 
immediately: fresh, local, and organic food that changed with the seasons. As the restaurant’s success grew, Alice and her staff created a network of local farmers and producers whose dedica-
tion to sustainable agriculture supplied Chez Panisse’s fresh ingredients, helped to pioneer farm-to-table-cuisine, and served as a model for future genera-tions of restaurant owners. 
Alice’s influence spread far beyond 
the kitchen. In 1996, she created the Edible Schoolyard Project to help 
schools develop community gardens, so students can better understand the ori-gins of their food and how to create fresh, local, and healthy meals. Today there are more than 5,000 Edible Schoolyard Project locations world-wide, and the effort helped inspire First Lady Michelle Obama to plant a vegetable garden on the South Lawn of the White House. 
Alice has said that ‘‘good food is a 
right, not a privilege,’’ and her work is helping to make that a reality. She has revolutionized the way our country cooks, eats, and thinks about food— and we are all better because of it. 
I am proud to congratulate my 
friend, Alice Waters, on this incredible honor and wish her many more years of continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE AMERICAN MED-ICAL WOMEN’S ASSOCIATION 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in recognizing the 100th anniversary of the American Medical Women’s Association, AMWA, the first national organization of women physicians. 
One hundred years ago, less than 6 
percent of all physicians in the United States were women. Recognizing a cru-cial need to provide support for these pioneering women and to bring diver-sity to the medical field, Dr. Bertha Van Hoosen founded the AMWA on No-vember 18, 1915, in Chicago. 
The AMWA quickly established a 
network and support system for women in the medical profession and docu-mented their lack of opportunities in postgraduate training, internships, and academic appointments. 
Over the years, the AMWA success-
fully advocated to increase leadership roles for women doctors, sponsored re-search and panel discussions on med-ical women in the workforce, and es-tablished scholarship and mentorship programs to encourage the next gen-eration of women leaders. The AMWA 
has also worked to improve women’s health by addressing issues from human trafficking and affordable con-traceptive care, to childhood obesity and osteoporosis risk across the globe. 
For the past century, the American 
Medical Women’s Association has served as the vision and voice of women in medicine. As we celebrate their extraordinary milestone, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating the AMWA for their tireless ef-forts to open the door for generations of women physicians. Because of their work, countless men, women, and chil-dren have benefited from the dedicated service of AMWA members, and for that we are all grateful. 
f 
OBSERVING WORLD AIDS DAY 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I 
wish to commemorate the 28th World AIDS Day. This day is a time to recog-nize the tremendous progress we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.030 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8239 December 1, 2015 
made in combating the human im-
munodeficiency virus infection and ac-quired immune deficiency syndrome, HIV/AIDS, and to redouble our com-mitment to preventing and treating this devastating disease. 
For many years, we have viewed 
AIDS as a death sentence. Before 2000, rates of infection grew exponentially. People living with HIV/AIDS had few options, and what options they did have were expensive and out of reach. Millions of children orphaned by HIV/ AIDS were isolated within their own communities, and there was virtually no way to prevent HIV transmissions from pregnant women to their unborn children, ending countless lives before they could truly begin. 
But thanks to sustained United 
States and global efforts—administered through programs like the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, PEPFAR, the Global Fund, and UNAIDS—we are finally turning the tide, not only in terms of slowing the spread of HIV/AIDS, but also by im-proving the lives of those affected by this disease. 
Since 2000, new HIV infections have 
dropped by 35 percent. AIDS-related deaths are down 42 percent from their peak in 2004. To date, 15 million men, women, and children worldwide are on anti-retroviral therapy, compared to only 1 million in 2001. We have also made significant progress in tackling mother-to-child transmissions, which are key to ending the AIDS epidemic. Today 73 percent of pregnant women living with HIV have access to anti- retroviral therapy, greatly reducing the likelihood that they will transmit the disease to their babies. As a result, since 2000, new infections among chil-dren have fallen by 58 percent. Because of our investments in HIV/AIDS treat-ment and prevention, health systems throughout Africa have been strength-ened, allowing millions to gain access to medications and more advanced treatments. Life expectancy in nations like Rwanda and Kenya have dramati-cally increased, and health facilities have been modernized. 
These steps are just some of the ways 
in which we have made remarkable progress to stop HIV/AIDS in its tracks. We are, without a doubt, on our way to an AIDS-free generation. This is something that can happen in our lifetimes. 
In mid-September, more than 150 
world leaders gathered at the United Nations General Assembly to adopt the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Develop-ment. Goal 3 includes a target to eradi-cate HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria, and other communicable diseases by 2030. This is a bold commitment that requires strong leadership from the United States. To achieve this goal, the United States must continue to in-vest in and provide strong funding for our global health programs, especially PEPFAR. 
As my colleagues know, PEPFAR is 
the largest commitment by any nation to combat a single disease internation-
ally and represents the very best of America and our commitment to glob-al humanitarian values. Thanks to PEPFAR, 7.7 million men, women, and children worldwide are receiving anti- retroviral treatments. In 2014, PEPFAR supported HIV testing and counseling for more than 56.7 million people and provided training for more than 140,000 new health care workers to help combat HIV on the ground. Through PEPFAR, we have been able to reach 5 million children who have been orphaned or made vulnerable due to HIV/AIDS. PEPFAR has also dra-matically improved outcomes for preg-nant women and their babies, reducing the transmission of HIV from mother to child. In 2014, PEPFAR supported HIV testing and counseling for more than 14.2 million pregnant women worldwide. For the nearly 750,000 preg-nant women who tested positive for HIV, PEPFAR’s anti-retroviral medica-tions allowed 95 percent of their chil-dren to be born HIV-free. 
We have made extraordinary 
progress; however, there is still much work to be done. Currently, there are more than 22 million people living with HIV who are not yet on treatment, and HIV is still the leading cause of death for women of reproductive age world-wide. We are on our way to an AIDS- free generation, but we can’t rest on our laurels now. We need the commit-ment and leadership of partner coun-tries—reinforced with support from donor nations, civil society, people liv-ing with HIV, faith-based organiza-tions, the private sector, and founda-tions—to make an AIDS-free genera-tion a reality. On this World AIDS Day, we recognize the progress we have made and recommit ourselves to con-tinuing to combat HIV/AIDS both at home and abroad. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
HONORING MILTON PITTS 
CRENCHAW 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor today Milton Pitts Crenchaw, an aviation pioneer from Little Rock, 
AR, who paved the way for integration in the U.S. military and impacted gen-erations of aviators. 
Crenchaw, known as the father of 
black aviation in Arkansas, developed a love of flying while at the Tuskegee Institute. He exceled in the program, and after earning his pilot’s license, he pursued his instructor’s certificate. Following the bombing of Pearl Har-bor, Crenchaw joined the Army Air Corps Civilian Pilot Training Program as a flight instructor. 
He had the distinction of being one of 
the original supervising squadron com-manders for the Tuskegee Airmen. He trained hundreds of cadets during the 1940s, an accomplishment he was right-fully proud of. 
‘‘The first thing that he takes pride 
in is that he and the other Black flight instructors paved the way for people of 
color to enter the field of aviation. He is proud that he was chosen to imple-ment that program,’’ his daughter Do-lores Crenchaw Singleton said in a re-cent interview. 
Crenchaw helped break the barriers 
that existed in the military. His pas-sion for aviation continued after his tenure at Tuskegee, serving as a flight instructor at several air bases, includ-ing Camp Rucker, AL, where he be-came the first Black flight instructor. 
Crenchaw honorably served with the 
U.S. Army Air Corps and the U.S. Air Force for more than 40 years. 
He also shared his love of aviation 
with Arkansas, and he was instru-mental in creating an aviation pro-gram at Philander Smith College in Little Rock. Crenchaw taught aviation at the school from 1947 to 1953, holding classes at Adams Field in the Central Flying Service building. 
Along with the accolades of induc-
tions in the Arkansas Aviation Hall of Fame and the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame, in 2007 he was awarded the Con-gressional Gold Medal, along with other members we have come to ad-mire as the Tuskegee Airmen. 
Milton Pitts Crenchaw passed away 
on November 17, 2015. Today he will be laid to rest at the Arkansas State Vet-erans Cemetery in North Little Rock. He was a true American hero whose leadership helped secure victory and peace for all freedom-loving people of the world. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CHILDREN’S 
MUSEUM OF ATLANTA 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor a wonderful asset in my hometown of Atlanta, GA, the Chil-dren’s Museum of Atlanta. 
Since the opening of its permanent 
facility in 2003 at Centennial Olympic Park in downtown Atlanta, it has be-come a leading attraction for families and has helped ignite the revitalization of the area, along with the Georgia Aquarium, the Center for Civil and Human Rights, the College Football Hall of Fame, and the iconic World of Coca-Cola. The Children’s Museum of Atlanta has promoted the power of play and highlighted the importance of early childhood education in all areas, especially literacy, math, and science. 
Not only am I married to a former 
teacher, but as a grandfather and the former chair of the Georgia Board of Education, I have long been committed to enhancing and improving edu-cational opportunities for our children. The Children’s Museum’s mission and vision help parents, educators, and schools ignite curiosity and discovery in young children, enhance learning, and help them reach their goals. 
The museum has recently undergone 
a major renovation and will reopen its doors on December 12, 2015, to a com-pletely updated facility. 
I am delighted to recognize on the 
floor of the Senate and to join the city 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.029 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8240 December 1, 2015 
of Atlanta in celebrating Saturday, De-
cember 12, 2015, as Children’s Museum of Atlanta Day. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEONTAY WILDER 
∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the current World Boxing Council, WBC, World Heavyweight Champion Deontay Leshun Wilder. 
Mr. Wilder is a native of Tuscaloosa, 
AL. He graduated from Tuscaloosa Central High School in 2004, and he at-tended Shelton State Community Col-lege. From there, he focused on forging a career in boxing. 
Mr. Wilder began his boxing career in 
2005, and he has achieved outstanding success as both an amateur and profes-sional boxer. In 2007, Wilder upset the favorites to win the National Golden Gloves and the U.S. championships. Wilder was awarded the bronze medal in boxing at the 2008 Olympics. In 2012, he won the WBC Continental Americas heavyweight boxing title. 
In January of this year, Wilder be-
came the first American heavyweight champion in 9 years after his win over Bermane Stiverne. Since then, Wilder has successfully defended his WBC title twice, most recently in September. 
Deontay Wilder has made a proactive 
effort to give back to the State of Ala-bama by hosting his first two title de-fenses in Birmingham, AL. He has also been a champion of charitable causes such as the fight against spina bifida. 
Mr. Wilder is an incredible athlete 
and an inspiration to many. I am hon-ored to recognize his great talent and success, and I am proud to call him a fellow Alabamian. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JAMES JOSEPH 
MARSHALL 
∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor James Joseph Marshall, a third generation Montanan and a vet-eran of World War II. 
On behalf of all Montanans and 
Americans, I stand to say thank you to Jim’s family for his service to our Na-tion. 
It is my honor to share the story of 
Jim’s life and service, a story that most certainly will not be forgotten, and a story he perhaps wouldn’t have told himself. 
In fact, it wasn’t until his oldest 
daughter, Vicki, was in eighth grade that she even noticed her father’s limp. She asked her mother, ‘‘Why does daddy limp?’’ 
Ruth told her that he limped because 
of his war wound. He never talked about his experience during the war, and it wasn’t until he wrote about his injury for a presentation to middle schoolers that his family heard the full story. 
Jim was shot in the leg while fight-
ing in the Ruhr Pocket, in Germany, near the border of Czechoslovakia on April 25, 1945. 
After sweeping the countryside 
searching for any remaining resistance, his platoon butted up against German 
troops on a mountainside. It wasn’t long until the platoon was pinned down by the automatic weapon fire. 
The platoon made a dash for cover 
but to no avail. Every man was hit. Jim described the shot to his leg like being hit by a sledgehammer. 
German troops came to confirm they 
were all dead and to gather any rifles and ammo. Jim, with his orders shoved underneath him and the sole survivor, played dead. They passed on. 
Not long after, German medics came 
through. 
Surprisingly, a young German, whom 
Jim identified by the swastika on his arm, put a compress on his leg and a jacket over top of him before moving on. 
Shortly after, an American Jeep 
rolled up and rescued him. 
Jim always said he never would have 
made it out alive had that young Ger-man not stopped to show him some compassion. 
Once home from the war in 1946, Jim 
enrolled at Montana State University at Bozeman. 
It was there that he met his future 
wife Ruth Officer, a nurse who tended to some residual issues with Jim’s hip. They married on March 15, 1947. 
Jim was always a man who took care 
of his family, and that devotion took them to Livingston, Ruth’s hometown. There, he began work as a carpenter’s apprentice, eventually becoming a journeyman. 
After returning to MSU to get his in-
dustrial art degree, he began teaching shop at Emerson Junior High in Boze-man. Eventually, he became a pur-chasing agent for Missoula School Dis-trict No. 1. 
Jim and Ruth had three children: 
Vicki, Leann, and Jim. They remember him as a humble man who cared deeply for his family and frequently dem-onstrated that devotion. 
The fondness with which Jim is re-
membered is reflective of the life he lived. Folks will remember his willing-ness to help out a friend and his love of photography, especially bald eagles. He was passionate about making Montana better for future generations. 
In September of 2012, Jim had the 
pleasure of participating in one of the earliest Honor Flights to Washington, DC, to see the World War II Memorial there. 
His daughter, Leann, helped him reg-
ister himself as a World War II veteran at the memorial, and his name will re-main in the kiosks there for anyone to see. 
In fact, I had the honor of greeting 
that particular Honor Flight back to Montana afterward and am happy to hear that Jim immensely enjoyed that experience. 
Jim died on April 8, 2014, surrounded 
by family. 
It was my honor to recognize James 
Joseph Marshall’s bravery and service to the United States by presenting his family with the Bronze Star Medal for meritorious achievement based on his 
prior award of the combat infantryman badge and the Army of Occupation Medal with Germany Clasp. 
Our Nation is forever grateful for 
Jim’s service. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 12:09 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1541. An act to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to make Hispanic-serving insti-tutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establishment of preserva-tion training and degree programs. 
H.R. 1755. An act to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans. 
H.R. 2212. An act to take certain Federal 
lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2270. An act to redesignate the 
Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Ref-uge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the wildlife ref-uge, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2288. An act to remove the use restric-
tions on certain land transferred to Rocking-ham County, Virginia, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 3279. An act to amend titles 5 and 28, 
United States Code, to require annual re-ports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other ex-penses to prevailing parties in certain ad-ministrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3490. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Na-tional Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Joint Economic Committee: Mr. T
IBERI of Ohio, to rank 
before Mr. A MASH . 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 6:41 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assist-ance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.001 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8241 December 1, 2015 
H.R. 1541. An act to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to make Hispanic-serving insti-tutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establishment of preserva-tion training and degree programs; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
H.R. 1755. An act to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2212. An act to take certain Federal 
lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
H.R. 2288. An act to remove the use restric-
tions on certain land transferred to Rocking-ham County, Virginia, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
H.R. 3279. An act to amend titles 5 and 28, 
United States Code, to require annual re-ports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other ex-penses to prevailing parties in certain ad-ministrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
H.R. 3490. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Na-tional Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 427. An act to amend chapter 8 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, December 1, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 599. An act to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 1719. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: 
S. 2335. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act relating to beach mon-itoring, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 2336. A bill to modernize laws, and elimi-
nate discrimination, with respect to people living with HIV/AIDS, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
F
LAKE , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. B ENNET , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. 
FRANKEN ): 
S. 2337. A bill to improve homeland secu-
rity by enhancing the requirements for par-ticipation in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 2338. A bill to award grants to States for 
the development of innovative long-term services and supports programs; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 2339. A bill to amend the Mineral Leas-
ing Act to increase the royalty rate for coal produced from surface mines on Federal land, to prohibit the export of coal produced on Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. 
THUNE , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. R OB-
ERTS ): 
S. Res. 323. A resolution supporting the 
designation of December 1, 2015, as ‘‘#GivingTuesday’’ and supporting strong in-centives for all people of the United States to give generously; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. Con. Res. 26. A concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress regarding the right of States and local governments to maintain economic sanctions against Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 85 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 85, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish a sim-plified income-driven repayment plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 247 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L EE) was 
added as a cosponsor of S. 247, a bill to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, and for other purposes. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 373, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of nationally uniform and envi-ronmentally sound standards gov-
erning discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic fos-ter care services in Medicaid. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. C ASEY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 551, a bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attor-ney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dangerous terrorists. 
S. 569 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 569, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Par-kinson’s disease, and other neuro-logical diseases. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.002 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8242 December 1, 2015 
related dementias, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 946 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 946, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to prohibit the transportation of horses in interstate transportation in a motor vehicle con-taining 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another. 
S. 1133 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1133, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with re-spect to arbitration. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Texas 
(Mr. C RUZ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affect-ing the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of do-mestic violence, sexual assault, stalk-ing, and dating violence from emo-tional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1830 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1830, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family thera-pist services and mental health coun-selor services under part B of the Medi-care program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 1915 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1915, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax 
vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2045 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2045, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-spon-sored health coverage. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 2283 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2283, a bill to ensure that small business providers of broadband Internet access service can devote re-sources to broadband deployment rath-er than compliance with cumbersome regulatory requirements. 
S. 2308 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2308, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treat-ment of church pension plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2323 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
MERKLEY ) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2323, a bill to clarify the definition of nonimmigrant for pur-poses of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code. 
S. 2327 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from 
Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2327, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Act of 1986 to strengthen the earned income tax cred-it and expand eligibility for childless individuals and youth formerly in fos-ter care. 
S. CON. RES. 25 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from Arkan-
sas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Con. Res. 25, a concur-rent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the President should submit the Paris climate change agree-ment to the Senate for its advice and consent. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 148, a resolution con-
demning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued vio-lation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 322 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 322, a resolution recognizing the 60th anniversary of the refusal of Rosa Louise Parks to give up her seat on a bus on December 1, 1955. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mr. F LAKE , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
COATS , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. J OHN-
SON, Mr. B ENNET , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. W ARNER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. C OLLINS , and 
Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 2337. A bill to improve homeland 
security by enhancing the require-ments for participation in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise to introduce the Visa Waiver Pro-gram Security Enhancement Act. 
I am pleased to be joined by Senator 
F
LAKE , who is the lead Republican co-
sponsor, as well as Senators H EITKAMP , 
COATS , H EINRICH , J OHNSON , B ENNET , 
AYOTTE , W ARNER , B ALDWIN , T ESTER , 
KING, K LOBUCHAR , B OXER , and 
BLUMENTHAL . 
This bill would improve the security 
of the Visa Waiver Program, which is used by about 20 million travelers a 
year. 
The horrific attacks in Paris and the 
emergence of ISIL make it absolutely clear that we must strengthen the Visa Waiver Program to protect our coun-try. This bill would do just that. 
38 countries are now part of the Visa 
Waiver Program. 
Nationals from these countries may 
come to the United States for up to 90 days without a visa. 
Travelers through the program use 
an online application to gain approval to travel to the United States. Many of these travelers simply apply for ap-proval from their home computer. 
Participating countries must also 
enter into valuable intelligence-shar-ing agreements with the United States. 
By comparison, only about 36 million 
people secured visas for business, tour-ism, and other temporary purposes to the United States from 2005 to 2010—an average of only 6 million per year. 
As we all know, fewer than 2,000 refu-
gees from the Syrian conflict—which go through a heavy vetting process— were admitted to the United States over the last 4 years. 
Put that in perspective: fewer than 
2,000 Syrian refugees over 4 years, versus 20 million travelers through the Visa Waiver program annually. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.007 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8243 December 1, 2015 
The vetting for a refugee takes 18 to 
24 months, whereas an application to travel through the Visa Waiver Pro-gram can be approved within seconds. 
That should tell us how much of a 
priority improving the security of this program is. 
Today, there are thousands of citi-
zens from European visa waiver coun-tries that have gone to fight in Syria. 
In fact, the Visa Waiver Program in-
cludes numerous countries that have populations in which some people have become radicalized. 
The program includes 38 countries, 
including the following: Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, The Netherlands, and The United King-dom. 
So, nationals of these countries who 
travel to Iraq or Syria to train and fight may then be able to cross back into Europe and then come to this country on a visa waiver. 
As is now clear, some who committed 
the recent attacks in Paris were French and Belgian nationals. 
The attackers in the Charlie Hebdo 
attacks—the Kouachi brothers—were born and raised in France. They were French nationals as well. 
The European Union Justice Com-
missioner said in April of this year that 5,000–6,000 Europeans could be fighting in Syria. 
More than 1,500 are French nationals. This is why the Visa Waiver Pro-
gram, at the current time, poses a major risk—it is a quick and direct route for a terrorist to come to the United States without a visa. 
The group known as ISIL has pub-
licly threatened to attack the United States and we have every reason to be-lieve they will exploit every oppor-tunity to do so. 
So we must take strong action. A major concern is also the problem 
with lost and stolen passports, which could be used by dangerous individuals to gain entry to the United States on the Visa Waiver Program without rais-ing red flags. 
According to INTERPOL, nearly 45 
million passports have been reported lost or stolen within the past 10 years. 
Let me repeat that: 45 million lost or 
stolen passports circulating worldwide. 
Passports typically are valid for five 
to 10 years, which means many of these lost or stolen passports have not yet expired. 
If a blank passport is stolen, it may 
have no expiration date at all. 
A foreign fighter could use one of the 
millions of unexpired lost and stolen passports to travel to the United States through the Visa Waiver Pro-gram in order to do us harm. 
Today, the first face-to-face inter-
action and biometric check that a first-time Visa Waiver Program trav-eler would have with any U.S. official is when the person reaches the port of entry, like a United States airport. 
That provides only a narrow window 
to detect that the individual is a per-son who is intent on committing an at-tack. This Visa Waiver Program Security 
Enhancement Act would strengthen the Visa Waiver Program in a variety of ways, making our nation safer and protecting an important stream of international tourism and commerce. 
First, the bill says that a national of 
a Visa Waiver country who has trav-eled to Iraq or Syria in the last five years would have to get a visa instead of using the Visa Waiver Program. 
The effect of this would be that the 
person would have to go through the normal consular process—in which bio-metric information would be taken, and the person interviewed—instead of traveling to the United States on a visa waiver. 
Second, the bill would require that 
biometric data, such as digital photo-graphs or fingerprints, be provided to the U.S. government prior to boarding a plane to travel to the U.S. on the Visa Waiver Program but only for those individuals for whom we do not already have biometrics. 
Today, biometrics are not taken 
until a traveler from a Visa Waiver country first enters the United States at the port of entry. 
That is too late, and it leaves the op-
portunity for a person seeking to com-mit an attack against the aircraft itself to do so. 
We have recently seen that ISIL is 
willing to take down airliners. We know what sort of tragedy can happen when terrorists take control of an air-plane. 
We must do everything we can to 
make sure an ISIL member does not board an aircraft bound for the United States with the intent to take it down. 
This bill would make the biometric 
requirement effective within one year, prioritizing areas of danger, and would enable the Department of Homeland Security to extend the roll-out on a country-specific basis. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has already announced its intent to expand Customs and Border Protec-tion preclearance to new foreign air-ports, including in Belgium, the Neth-erlands, Spain, and the United King-dom—all Visa Waiver countries. 
As the bill is currently written, those 
foreign nationals who travel through the preclearance process would satisfy the biometric requirements of the bill. 
The simple fact is that we need to de-
velop a way to screen and verify indi-viduals biometrically before they get on a plane to the U.S., and this bill would do that. 
Third, the bill would eliminate the 
use of older-generation passports by any citizen of Visa Waiver Countries. 
Within 90 days of enactment, all Visa 
Waiver travelers would be required to have a valid, unexpired, machine-read-able passport that is tamper-resistant and incorporates biometric identifiers. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has announced that it will roll this out administratively, but this provi-sion would make it a clear statutory requirement. Fourth, the bill would strengthen the 
intelligence sharing that is the bedrock of this program. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has been able to gather valuable 
data from Visa Waiver countries under existing information sharing agree-ments. 
There are three such agreements. 
One relates to information regarding known or suspected terrorists. The sec-ond relates to sharing of fingerprint data pertaining to serious crimes. And the third requires provision of lost or stolen passport information directly or via INTERPOL. 
It is my understanding that—al-
though countries have signed these agreements—not all have fully imple-mented them. This bill would require that those agreements be implemented, not just signed. 
The bill would also establish several 
new information-sharing provisions, which the Department of Homeland Se-curity would be required to examine in assessing whether a country can join or stay in the Visa Waiver Program. 
One such provision would require 
DHS to consider whether a country contributes to and screens against INTERPOL’s lost and stolen docu-ments database. 
Let me explain why this is impor-
tant. Simply put, INTERPOL’s lost and stolen documents database is not as frequently used as it could be. 
Increased use of INTERPOL’s data-
base could assist all nations, including those outside the Visa Waiver Pro-gram, to prevent travel using lost or stolen passports and thus to inhibit the international movement of foreign fighters. 
This bill would also require DHS to 
consider whether a country collects and shares biometric information of refugee and asylum seekers—an impor-tant provision to help the United States ensure bad actors are prevented from traveling to the United States. 
It would also require DHS to consider 
whether a country shares intelligence about foreign fighters with the United States, as well as with international organizations like INTERPOL. 
Lastly, the bill would require that 
countries participating in the Visa Waiver Program have Federal Air Mar-shal agreements in place. 
The Paris attacks demonstrate be-
yond any doubt that the Visa Waiver Program creates a security risk for our country. 
The Visa Waiver Program Security 
Enhancement Act will address vulnerabilities in the Visa Waiver Pro-gram, improve information sharing, and help keep our country safe. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.015 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8244 December 1, 2015 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 323—SUP-
PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF DECEMBER 1, 2015, AS ‘‘#GIVINGTUESDAY’’ AND SUP-PORTING STRONG INCENTIVES FOR ALL PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO GIVE GEN-EROUSLY 
Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance: 
S. R ES. 323 
Whereas the Tuesday after Thanksgiving 
begins the holiday giving season with a glob-al day dedicated to charitable giving, known as ‘‘#GivingTuesday’’; 
Whereas December 1, 2015, is the fourth an-
nual #GivingTuesday; 
Whereas since the inception of 
#GivingTuesday in 2012, #GivingTuesday has become a worldwide movement that cele-brates the power of giving in all forms; 
Whereas in 2012, #GivingTuesday brought 
together more than 2,500 organizations in all 50 States and continues to gain momentum with more than 35,000 partners in the United States and around the world; 
Whereas online donations have increased 
470 percent since the Tuesday after Thanks-giving in 2011; 
Whereas #GivingTuesday, along with other 
community giving days, highlights the char-itable community in the United States, which comprises approximately 1,500,000 non-profit organizations, philanthropic organiza-tions, and religious congregations that are dedicated to improving lives and strength-ening communities; 
Whereas nonprofit organizations are key 
partners with Federal, State, and local gov-ernments in the delivery of key programs and services, including— 
(1) child learning and nutrition; (2) emergency disaster response; (3) services for victims; and (4) job training and placement programs; 
Whereas communities are lifted up by the 
exposure of all community members to the cultural, educational, and civic opportuni-ties provided by nonprofit organizations; 
Whereas the values of volunteerism and 
generosity toward the common good has led to over 60 percent of people in the United States, including 84 percent of millennials, making financial contributions to support the work of nonprofit organizations; 
Whereas virtually every person in the 
United States benefits from the work of the charitable community, which— 
(1) employs over 13,700,000 workers, or 10 
percent of the workforce of the United States; and 
(2) engages an additional 63,000,000 volun-
teers; 
Whereas in 2014, individuals, foundations, 
and businesses gave over $335,000,000,000 to support charitable causes and it has been es-timated that, with no deduction for chari-table gifts, annual individual giving would drop by 25 to 36 percent; 
Whereas other effective charitable giving 
incentives in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 relating to individual retirement ac-count contributions, food donations, and conservation easement donations expired on January 1, 2015, the fifth time in recent years; 
Whereas the United States is a great coun-
try with a strong philanthropic tradition that should be continued and carried on; and Whereas all political parties can agree on 
charitable giving, which transcends dif-ferences of ideology and unites people across boundaries: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes that the United States needs 
a strong and vibrant charitable and philan-thropic sector to enable communities to meet local needs; 
(2) supports the designation of December 1, 
2015, as ‘‘#GivingTuesday’’— 
(A) to encourage charitable giving; (B) to effect positive change; and (C) to promote causes dedicated to 
progress, prosperity, and a better world; and 
(3) supports strong incentives for all people 
of the United States to give generously to charitable organizations by— 
(A) protecting the existing charitable do-
nation tax deduction; and 
(B) continuing incentives that encourage 
philanthropy, volunteering, and innovation. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to support S. Res. 323, a resolu-tion I submitted today along with Sen-ator S
CHUMER , Senator S TABENOW , and 
Senator R OBERTS , which expresses the 
sense of the Senate that Congress should recognize the benefits of chari-table giving and express support for the designation of today, December 1, 2015, as #GivingTuesday. 
Celebrated annually since 2012 on the 
Tuesday after Black Friday and Cyber Monday, #GivingTuesday kicks off the holiday giving season with a global day dedicated to charitable giving through a social movement that encourages giving in all its forms by people and communities across the country. 
From the first year of 
#GivingTuesday, when more than 2,500 organizations from all 50 States came together to celebrate giving, to today, when more than 35,000 partners in the United States and around the world will participate, this movement has provided an annual opportunity for the country to come together to honor the long American history of giving back and working together. 
I would also like to recognize 
#GivingTuesday for its power to enact positive change and promote causes that further progress and prosperity for a better world, while also enabling local communities to meet specific needs. 
In my State of South Dakota, for ex-
ample, many local organizations have already endorsed #GivingTuesday. Feeding South Dakota, located in Pierre, Rapid City, and Sioux Falls, is participating through numerous food programs and fundraisers with the ulti-mate goal of eliminating hunger en-tirely in my state. Likewise, the United Way & Volunteer Services of Greater Yankton is participating through a book drive that benefits local children as part of the Big Red Bookshelf program, and through finan-cial support that will be used for the Connecting Kids Youth Scholarship program. 
The success of #GivingTuesday fur-
ther highlights the work of the Amer-ican charitable community, which boasts 1.5 million nonprofits, philan-thropic organizations, and religious congregations dedicated to improving 
lives and strengthening communities. These charitable organizations employ 13.7 million workers, or nearly 10 per-cent of the U.S. workforce, with an ad-ditional 63 million people engaged in volunteer work. 
In all, more than 60 percent of Ameri-
cans, including 84 percent of millennials, make financial contribu-tions to support the work of nonprofit organizations. 
As we just gave thanks last week sur-
rounded by friends and family, it is abundantly clear that we have much to be thankful for. I hope that my col-leagues will join me to continue that spirit of giving and sharing, and sup-port #GivingTuesday. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 26—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARD-ING THE RIGHT OF STATES AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS TO MAIN-TAIN ECONOMIC SANCTIONS AGAINST IRAN 
Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , 
and Mr. R UBIO) submitted the following 
concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 26 
Whereas Iran is a major threat to the na-
tional security of the United States and its allies; 
Whereas Iran is the world’s leading state 
sponsor of terrorism and continues to mate-rially support Hezbollah, Hamas, and the re-gime of Bashar al-Assad; 
Whereas Iran is responsible for severe vio-
lations of the human rights of the people of Iran, including imprisonment, harassment, and torture against dissidents and those crit-ical of the Iranian regime such as human rights defenders, lawyers, activists, and eth-nic minorities; 
Whereas the United States has led the 
international community in imposing crip-pling economic sanctions against Iran for sponsoring terrorism and its human rights violations; 
Whereas section 202 of the Comprehensive 
Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divest-ment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–195; 22 U.S.C. 8532) authorizes States and local gov-ernments to divest from, or prohibit invest-ment of the assets of the State or local gov-ernment in, any person that the State or local government determines, using credible information available to the public, engages in investment activities in Iran; 
Whereas section 202(a) of the Comprehen-
sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 states that, ‘‘It is the sense of Congress that the United States should support the decision of any State or local government that for moral, prudential, or reputational reasons divests from, or pro-hibits the investment of assets of the State or local government in, a person that en-gages in investment activities in the energy sector of Iran, as long as Iran is subject to economic sanctions imposed by the United States.’’; 
Whereas section 202(f) of the Comprehen-
sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 states that, ‘‘A measure of a State or local government authorized under subsection (b) or (i) is not preempted by any Federal law or regulation.’’; 
Whereas States have explicit authority 
granted by Congress and the executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.014 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8245 December 1, 2015 
branch through the Comprehensive Iran 
Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 to enact sanctions against Iran or entities that do business with Iran and can-not have such actions be preempted by Fed-eral law or regulation; 
Whereas the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-
tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010, including section 202 of such Act, was enacted by Congress out of concern for illicit Iranian behavior, including its state sponsor-ship of terrorism and human rights abuses; 
Whereas 30 States and the District of Co-
lumbia have enacted divestment legislation or policies against Iran by refusing to invest State and local pensions in international corporations that do business with Iran; 
Whereas 11 States have enacted laws or 
policies that prohibit awarding State or local government contracts to companies or financial institutions that do business with Iran; 
Whereas such laws and regulations in no 
way interfere with the conduct of United States foreign policy; 
Whereas States and local governments 
adopted such laws and regulations out of a shared concern for illicit Iranian behavior, including its state sponsorship of terrorism and human rights violations; 
Whereas on July 14, 2015, the P5+1 coun-
tries and Iran agreed to the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘JCPOA’’); 
Whereas Iran divestment laws and regula-
tions adopted by States and local govern-ments in no way prevent the implementation of the lifting of sanctions as specified in the JCPOA; 
Whereas, on July 28, 2015, under testimony 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, Secretary of State John Kerry confirmed that States’ legal au-thority to enact sanctions against Iran would not be affected by the implementation of the JCPOA; 
Whereas, on September 30, 2015, Chris 
Backemeyer, the Principal Deputy Coordi-nator for Sanctions Policy at the Depart-ment of State, stated in reference to sanc-tions by State and local governments 
against Iran, ‘‘We certainly discussed this issue when we were in the negotiations, and at the present time we do not feel like any of those pieces of legislation jeopardize our ability to implement the JCPOA, and we are quite clear about that.’’; and 
Whereas sanctions targeting Iran’s spon-
sorship of terrorism and human rights viola-tions, including State and local government divestment laws and regulations, remain a core national security priority of the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress— 
(1) reaffirms its commitment to stopping 
Iran’s sponsorship of terrorism and human rights violations; 
(2) reaffirms its legislative intent that the 
Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–195; 22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.), including section 202 of such Act, was enacted to deter illicit Iranian behavior, including its spon-sorship of terrorism and human rights viola-tions; and 
(3) strongly supports continued State and 
local government sanctions targeting Iran’s illicit activity, including divestment of as-sets from companies investing in Iran and prohibition of investment of the assets of the State or local government in any person that the State or local government determines, using credible information available to the public, engages in investment activities in Iran, as authorized by section 202 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2874. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2874. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the bill H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
TITLE I—FINANCE 
SEC. 101. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds pro-vided from a program referred to in this sub-section that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) P ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-
ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— 
(A) that, as of the date of enactment of 
this Act— 
(i) is an organization described in section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; 
(ii) is an essential community provider de-
scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and 
(iii) provides for abortions, other than an 
abortion— 
(I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act 
of rape or incest; or 
(II) in the case where a woman suffers from 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and 
(B) for which the total amount of Federal 
and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $350,000,000. 
(2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct 
spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). 
SEC. 102. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B) by striking clauses 
(ii) and (iii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) Zero percent for taxable years begin-
ning after 2014.’’, and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) 
and inserting ‘‘$0’’, 
(B) by striking ‘‘and $325 for 2015’’ in sub-
paragraph (B), and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (D). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 103. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) L ARGE EMPLOYERS NOT OFFERING  
HEALTH COVERAGE .—Paragraph (1) of section 
4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months beginning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. 
(b) L
ARGE EMPLOYERS OFFERING COVERAGE  
WITHEMPLOYEES WHOQUALIFY FOR PREMIUM  
TAXCREDITS OR COST-SHARING REDUCTIONS .— 
Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by in-serting ‘‘($0 in the case of months beginning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 104. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE 
TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to sales in calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 105. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE 
HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS. 
(a) E XCISE TAX.—Chapter 43 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
(c) R
EINSTATEMENT .—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024, and chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as such chap-ter would read if such subsection had never been enacted. 
SEC. 106. RECAPTURE OF EXCESS ADVANCE PAY-
MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (2) of sec-
tion 36B(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraph (B). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2015. 
TITLE II—HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR 
AND PENSIONS 
SEC. 201. REPEAL OF THE PREVENTION AND PUB-
LIC HEALTH FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4002(b) of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2015’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (3) through (5). 
(b) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Of 
the funds made available by such section 4002, the unobligated balance is rescinded. 
SEC. 202. FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH 
CENTER PROGRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of 
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting after ‘‘Section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)) is amended’’ the following: ‘‘by striking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.017 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8246 December 1, 2015 
‘$3,600,000,000’ and inserting ‘$3,835,000,000’ 
and’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 1, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 1, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 1, 2015, at 2:45 p.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘International Tax: OECD BEPS & EU State Aid.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the 
Senate on December 1, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on December 1, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Puerto Rico’s Fiscal Problems: Examining the Source and Exploring the Solution.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 1, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 427 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand that there is a bill at the desk and ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no 
force or effect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for a second 
reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
DECEMBER 2, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, De-cember 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; lastly, that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 3762. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:50 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, December 2, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.019 S01DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1681 December 1, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, the 
evening of November 30th, I am not recorded on two votes because I was absent due to ill-ness. 
If I had been present, I would have voted: 
Yes, on rollcall 644, to remove the use restric-tions on certain land transferred to Rocking-ham County, Virginia, and for other purposes; and Yes on rollcall 645, the Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act. 
f 
HONORING THE JOHNSON–PHELPS 
VFW POST ON THEIR 80TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Johnson-Phelps Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5220 of Oak Lawn, Illinois, on its 80th anniversary. Through the work of its members, the Johnson-Phelps VFW has made a difference in the lives of countless people and has had a tremendous positive impact on the community. The post is an exemplary or-ganization in the Third District and its mem-bers exemplify the unyielding bravery, cour-age, and perseverance of America’s Armed Forces. 
In 1945 a group of veterans returning from 
the Second World War formed the post and named it for Mr. Raymond Johnson and Mr. Leslie Phelps, both killed in action during WWII. Mr. Johnson’s and Mr. Phelps’ names were chosen from a hat that included the names of all 23 men from the Oak Lawn area that were killed in the war. The current post building was completed in 1951, built in large part by the post’s own members. Johnson- Phelps later merged with six other posts in Southwest Chicagoland, the oldest of which was chartered in 1935. 
Johnson-Phelps VFW Post 5220 is led 
today by Commander Richard Bukowski, Sr. Vice Commander Thomas Krone, and Jr. Vice Commander Bryant Reed. Their dedication to serving the community is shown through pro-grams such as the well-known Voice of De-mocracy and Patriots Pen Scholarship Com-petitions. They also provide for the public by hosting and sponsoring important events in the community such as Memorial Day and Veterans Day services. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the members of the Johnson- Phelps VFW Post of Oak Lawn, Illinois, for all they have done for our nation and the commu-nity over the past 80 years. HONORING THE 90TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE ZONTA CLUB OF KENMORE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to honor the Zonta Club of Kenmore on the occasion of their 90th anniversary. Their service and advocacy is deserving of recognition and gratitude. 
Nine decades ago, several Kenmore women 
met with Marian DeForest; past Chairman of the Confederation of Zonta Clubs, Ellen Bixby; then Vice-President of the Zonta Club of Buf-falo, and Florence Fuchs, at the home of Jes-sie E. Webster on LaSalle Avenue in Ken-more. The Club was formally organized on December 2, 1925 at the home of Mrs. Aurelia Opperman. 
On December 7, 1925 the Zonta Club of 
Kenmore received its charter—Charter #38, with fifteen members. Their first weekly lunch-eon meeting was held on Wednesday, De-cember 9, 1925 at the Kenmore YWCA. Since its inception, the Zonta Club of Kenmore has dedicated itself to service work and commit-ment to the community. 
In their first year of service work, the mem-
bers decided to help further the education of a girl or woman in need, to provide her an op-portunity to earn a living. Fundraising projects, such as Monster Theater parties at the Ken-more Theater, Annual Stunt Days, book re-views, card parties, bake sales, and rummage sales all helped to accomplish this noble ob-jective. 
On April 19, 1975, the Club celebrated their 
50th Anniversary at a dinner held at the Pack-et Inn, in Tonawanda, New York. Some of the organizations that have benefitted from the good efforts of the Zonta Club over the years are the Girl Scouts of America, The American Red Cross, Kenmore Mercy Hospital, and many more. 
Today, with a membership of 20 dedicated 
women, the motto of the Zonta Club of Ken-more is ‘‘Small but Mighty.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize the Zonta Club of Kenmore. I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating the Zonta Club on these accomplishments and their con-
tinuous contributions to the community. 
f 
HONORING MARY ELLEN ORMOND 
ON THE OCCASION OF HER RE-TIREMENT AFTER 33 YEARS IN THE NEW HAMPSHIRE PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Ms. Mary Ellen Ormond on her retirement after 33 years in 
the New Hampshire Public School System, and thank her for the outstanding work she did during her career. 
Ms. Ormond’s continuous progression within 
the education community from her time at Grinnell Elementary School, to her most re-cent position as superintendent of the Inter- Lakes School District, exemplifies her dedica-tion and professionalism. 
The creativity, knowledge, and experience 
Ms. Ormond brought to classrooms throughout the Granite State has been invaluable, and it’s clear she leaves an example of strong leader-ship for others to emulate in her wake. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Ms. Ormond on her retirement, and wish her the best on all future endeavors. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF DR. H. 
GILBERT MILLER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on behalf 
of myself and Congressman R OBERT HURT, I 
submit these remarks in remembrance of Dr. H. Gilbert Miller, an enthusiastic innovator, a champion of technology, and a good man. We join the Miller family to mourn his loss, which is felt by all who knew him, and celebrate his life, which has left an indelible impact on many in our districts and the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia. 
Dr. Miller was a visionary—a gifted engineer 
who spent his career supporting the develop-ment and innovation of cutting edge tech-nology into our federal government programs most recently as Chief Technology Officer of Noblis, Inc., a non-profit science, technology, and strategy organization. At Noblis, he was the champion behind the development of the Noblis Innovation and Collaboration Center— the NICC—a place where great minds had room to grow and an incubator for trans-formative collaborations that yielded innova-tions and discoveries. Dr. Miller’s mission was to help solve the world’s toughest big data and analytic challenges by seeding and developing the nation’s best minds and supporting their efforts with the power of technology. His lead-ership brought one of the world’s largest and most dynamic supercomputers to Danville, Vir-ginia for private sector use. 
But Dr. Miller’s love for technology and inno-
vation went far beyond the walls of Noblis. He was a passionate supporter of STEM edu-cations. Dr. Miller chaired and served on nu-merous volunteer, educational advisory boards, including most recently as Vice Chair-man of the Dean’s Advisory Board for the Volgenau School of Engineering at George Mason University and on the advisory board for the Data Analytics Engineering Program at George Mason University. In recognition of his many accomplishments, his leadership role in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01DE8.001 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1682 December 1, 2015 
advancing science and technology at Noblis 
and in support of Noblis’ federal government clients as well as advancing the public-private partnership with the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, in 2011 Dr. Miller received the CTO In-novator Award from the Northern Virginia Technology Council. 
But more than his extensive list of profes-
sional accomplishments, Dr. Miller was a lov-ing husband, a caring father and a devoted grandfather. His greatest joy was in spending time with his family. We extend our deepest sympathies to Gil’s wife, Dot, and three chil-dren Ryan, Matthew, and Kristen, his grand-children, and the entire Miller family. We hope that they can take comfort in the love they share and the knowledge that they do not walk alone in their grief. We have lost Gil far too soon, but his legacy lives on. Thank you for sharing him and his talents with us. We are forever grateful. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 2967 THE VOT-
ING RIGHTS ADVANCEMENT ACT 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in support of H.R. 2967 the Voting Rights Advancement Act and to recognize today as Restoration Tuesday. 
Our sacred right to vote has come under at-
tack in numerous states across the country in the aftermath of the Supreme Court’s ruling in Shelby County v. Holder. Many states, includ-ing my home state of Alabama, have enacted pernicious and burdensome voter ID laws that have the practical effect of restricting access to the polls for low income and minority voters. 
Recently, Alabama closed 31 DMVs, leaving 
29 Alabama counties without a DMV. Fifteen of those counties are located in rural Black Belt communities. Driver’s licenses are the most popular form of photo identification used to vote. The heart of the problem lies with ac-cess. How can Alabama require a photo ID to vote, and then limit access to the most pop-ular form of ID used? It is unconscionable that my constituents will be denied their constitu-tionally protected right to vote because they do not have access to a valid photo ID. 
Despite the Governor’s recent decision to 
reopen these DMVs once a month, critical ac-cess to these commonly used forms of photo IDs is still an issue for far too many minorities, senior citizens, and those living in rural com-munities. The reality is that opening these of-fices for once a month provides only bare min-imum access, and that is unacceptable. Had the preclearance requirements of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 still been in place, Ala-bama’s decision to close these DMVs would have likely had to have been reviewed by the Department of Justice. 
In Alabama, the DMV closures occurred 
under the guise of budgetary concerns. Any budgetary savings are far outweighed by the discriminatory impact these closures will have on my constituents’ ability to access the polls. But these types of discriminatory decisions are not exclusive to Alabama. These DMV clo-sures are indicative of a broader and system-atic effort that threatens to undermine our most basic right as Americans—the right to vote. Protecting the right to vote for all Ameri-
cans, especially those traditionally excluded from the democratic process should be top pri-ority for us all. Every eligible voter must be al-lowed to cast his or her ballot unhindered by laws that deter participation in our democracy. 
As Members of Congress, we must speak 
up for the voices of the excluded. If we do not act then we risk silencing these voices forever. We must fight to restore the critical protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that were struck down in the Shelby vs Holder case. Now is the time to restore the vote. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE ELDON 
HIGH SCHOOL CHEERLEADING SQUAD FOR THEIR 2015 MISSOURI CHEERLEADING COACHES ASSO-CIATION CLASS 3 STATE CHAM-PIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Eldon Mustangs for their first place win in the 2015 Missouri Cheerleading Coaches Association Class 3, Large Division, State Championship. 
This cheerleading squad and their coach 
should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home this first place state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the 
Eldon Mustangs for a job well done. 
f 
IN OBSERVANCE OF NATIONAL IBD 
AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in observance of National IBD Awareness Week, which brings attention to over 1.6 mil-lion Americans affected by Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis, collectively known as in-flammatory bowel disease, or IBD. 
These disorders impact the gastrointestinal 
tract, the area of the body where digestion takes place. They cause inflammation of the intestine, which leads to ongoing symptoms and complications. There is currently no known cause or cure for IBD, and individuals with IBD may suffer from various symptoms from mild to severe abdominal pain, diarrhea, fever, and intestinal bleeding. The impacts are devastating to both patients and their families. 
Unfortunately, IBD can affect anyone, 
though it is most commonly diagnosed in ado-lescents and young adults between 15 and 25 years old. And though we still do not have all the answers, there is hope. An increasing number of genes have been identified—over 100 today—that may cause an increase in the risk of developing IBD, confirming that IBD has a strong genetic component. With these discoveries and new technological advances, researchers are working furiously to find cures. Despite this, the unpredictable nature of these painful and debilitating digestive dis-
eases creates a significant burden on the community and economy. Every year, there is more than $1.26 billion in direct and indirect costs to the United States healthcare system due to surgeries and hospitalizations as a re-sult of IBD complications. 
This week, patient advocates from the 
Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA) are marching on Washington to meet with their Representatives and ask them to be a part of the movement and join the bipartisan Crohn’s and Colitis Congressional Caucus. I would like to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Michael Osso, as CCFA celebrates the foun-dation’s newest President and CEO. Mr. Osso is taking over from recently retired Mr. Richard Geswell, who in his turn has dedicated 10 years of remarkable leadership and service for patients with IBD. I am confident that Mr. Osso will continue Mr. Geswell’s legacy of re-markable vision and drive on the journey for-ward towards a cure. 
As co-chair of the bipartisan Crohn’s and 
Colitis Congressional Caucus, a group of dedi-cated Members educating the public and other Members of Congress on IBD, I am grateful for the opportunity to raise awareness for IBD as well as improve patients’ access to treat-ments. Let us use this week, IBD Awareness Week, as a call to action for all Americans. Together, with the help of researchers, edu-cators, medical professionals, patients, and families, we can find a cure and end this dev-astating disease for millions of people around the world. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate CCFA on their efforts to bring awareness to this awful disease and I urge my colleagues to recognize Crohn’s and Colitis Awareness Week as a way to build upon our efforts for the IBD patient community and to join the Crohn’s and Colitis Congressional Caucus. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF GENERAL JOHN ROGERS GALVIN 
HON. SETH MOULTON 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of General John Rogers Galvin, who died on September 25 of this year at the age of 86. 
Born in Wakefield, Massachusetts, General 
Galvin committed his life and career to de-fending and serving our country. As a child, he created the Pleasant Street Army to protect his neighborhood during World War II, served four years as an enlisted soldier in the Massa-chusetts Army National Guard, graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1954, and served two tours in Vietnam as a brigade operations officer and battalion commander. 
General Galvin’s forty-four year military ca-
reer culminated in his service as the Supreme Allied Commander in Chief of U.S. European Command and NATO Commander in 1987 during the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. During his tenure, General Galvin confronted the breakup of Yugoslavia, provided vital protection to Kurds in northern Iraq during the regime of Saddam Hussein, and transitioned NATO’s military strategy from large-scale containment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01DE8.005 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1683 December 1, 2015 
small-conflict peacekeeping and counterinsur-
gency. 
Following his retirement from the military, 
General Galvin transitioned to academia, serv-ing as the sixth dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University from 1995 to 2000. 
He was considered a mentor to many of our 
country’s leading national security and military experts, including a personal mentor of mine, General David Petraeus. General Galvin liked to say the word ‘‘impossible’’ does not exist and often advised, ‘‘it doesn’t do any good to study all the books on leadership if you haven’t studied yourself and know who you are.’’ 
I join the Wakefield community in recog-
nizing General Galvin’s achievements that will continue to inspire the next generation of lead-ers. His legacy lives on through his wife Vir-ginia, his four daughters, and five grand-children. 
f 
HONORING BRUCE C. DOERING 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize a dedicated leader in the labor movement and entertainment indus-try, Bruce C. Doering, on his retirement as the Executive Director of the International Cine-matographer’s Guild, IATSE Local 600. His re-tirement marks the end of a remarkable three decades of improving the lives and working conditions for thousands of entertainment in-dustry union members across the United States. 
Bruce Doering has been actively involved in 
the union movement from an early age. As a young steel worker in Chicago, Bruce helped start a union newspaper to expose poor work-ing conditions. He was instrumental in a Chi-cago Sun Times expose ´that led to stronger 
safety regulations and increased incentive bo-nuses for employees. In 1985, he went to work for the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE) to begin a career that would have a significant influence on a rapidly expanding creative industry. 
After initially serving as the Executive Direc-
tor of Local 659, in Hollywood, Bruce oversaw the merger of three camera unions into a pow-erful national Cinematographers Guild in 1996. Members are now able to work around the country on projects and still receive their health and retirement benefits. While retire-ment funds were being slashed around the country, Bruce pushed hard to maintain mem-ber eligibility and helped to grow a retirement fund based on a percentage of members’ hourly earnings. As a member of the Board of Directors at the Motion Picture Pension and Health Plans since 1986, Bruce has served on numerous committees protecting and enhanc-ing the benefits workers and their families re-ceive. 
Bruce’s tenacity has helped create more job 
opportunities for members, and ensured them a path into the middle class. During his tenure, Local 600 expanded its reach considerably into reality television. In 2001, he was in the vanguard of the industry’s rapidly changing technology, helping recognize the Digital Im-aging Technician classification. After a dec-
ade-long fight, unit publicists this year finally won the ability to earn their health and pen-sion benefits across the United States. The Local’s political presence has been particularly felt in California, where Bruce led Local 600 campaigns supporting time and a half over-time pay, the doubling of unemployment bene-fits, and supporting union member voices in politics. 
Bruce’s success in guiding IATSE Local 
600, and his exceptional career as leader in the union movement is a true inspiration for all of us. We thank him for his service, his leader-ship in the community, and for being a role model for so many. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE LACONIA CHRIST-MAS VILLAGE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 40th anniversary of the Laconia Christmas Village in Laconia, New Hampshire. I am pleased to join with the City of Laconia and its residents in commemorating this won-derful event and holiday tradition for Granite Staters in the Lakes Region of New Hamp-shire. 
This is a great achievement as the annual 
Christmas Village is organized and run by local volunteers in Laconia, who not only help build the actual village and attractions, but work together to provide all the resources needed to put on this yearly event. The event is free to the public and sees roughly 2,500 children come through to see Santa Claus and receive a Christmas present, and for some children this is their only holiday celebration. Volunteers not only help in the preparation of the event, but help with entertainment, pro-viding refreshments and welcoming families from across the region to the city. 
With the goal of providing a family friendly 
event to usher in the holiday season, these volunteers and the community have come to-gether beautifully to highlight the wonder and merriment of the Christmas season. Joined with the efforts of local volunteers who give their time and resources to make the village a success, this is a testament to the strong sense of community and support this event has had in Laconia over the last 40 years. 
I am proud to join with my fellow Granite 
Staters in recognizing the 40th anniversary of the Laconia Christmas Village, and wish them all the best in their future years. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DIONNE 
WARWICK 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor New Jersey-native and music marvel, Ms. Dionne Warwick. The legendary Ms. War-wick is world renowned not only for her incred-ible music career, but also for her humani-tarian and philanthropic work. Ms. Warwick is a pillar of American pop 
music and culture. She began singing in East Orange, New Jersey during her childhood years. Her gospel roots marry well with R&B and pop in a way that transcends culture and race. Ms. Warwick is a five-time Grammy Award-winning singer and the second most- charted female vocalist of all time, with 69 sin-gles on the Billboard Hot 100 charts. She be-came a superstar with early hits like ‘‘Walk on By’’ and ‘‘I Say a Little Prayer,’’ and followed them up for decades with hits including ‘‘Do You Know the Way to San Jose,’’ ‘‘I’ll Never Love This Way Again,’’ and ‘‘That’s What Friends Are For.’’ 
As a performer, Ms. Warwick delighted audi-
ences all around the world. Her talents re-ceived a star on Hollywood’s ‘‘Walk of Fame.’’ She was also honored by Oprah Winfrey at the 2005 Legends Ball. As an activist, Ms. Warwick has devoted countless hours and supported a number of charities and causes. 
Always one to aid those in need, Ms. War-
wick advocates on behalf of music education, world hunger, disaster relief, and children’s hospitals. She has used her stardom over five decades to raise awareness about major health issues, including AIDS and senior cit-izen health. For her commitment, President Ronald Reagan and the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services appointed her U.S. Ambassador of Health in 1987. In 2002, she served as Global Ambassador for Health and Ambassador for the United Nations’ Food & Agriculture Organization. She is currently working to ensure Medicare covers the best method of administering FDA approved drugs in cataract surgery, a procedure she herself has undergone. 
I join all of Dionne Warwick’s friends and 
loved ones in celebrating her many achieve-ments and contributions, and I wish Ms. War-wick—the jewel of New Jersey’s 10th Con-gressional District—a very happy 75th birth-day. I have no doubt that Ms. Warwick will continue to use her voice to captivate inter-national audiences, through her music and her dedication to the human condition. 
f 
COMMEMORATING WORLD AIDS 
DAY 2015 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, December 
1st is World AIDS Day. This past weekend Americans celebrated the Thanksgiving holi-day. It is a time of reflection and appreciation. Similarly, World AIDS Day is a moment for us to reflect on our past challenges, appreciate the great strides we have made, and acknowl-edge that serious work remains to eradicate the disease. Congress has played a vital role, and our future success requires continued Congressional action and vigilance. 
Today, we can take heart in the knowledge 
that new HIV infections worldwide have de-creased by 35% since 2000. The President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) has been a vanguard effort through which rates of infection have dropped in areas of the world hit the hardest by the epidemic. Its initia-tives are critical to saving lives and preventing new infections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01DE8.009 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1684 December 1, 2015 
Our efforts abroad are not just about where 
the disease is located, but also who it impacts. From decreasing mother-to-child transmission and addressing the nuances of co-infections and co-morbidities to confronting the stigmas that undermine prevention and hinder access to life-saving healthcare, we are better posi-tioned to confront the disease in all its stages and improve the quality of life for those living with the disease. 
Complementing this effort is our continued 
march forward on the scientific front. While we have made great strides in drug development, this effort has been hampered by Congress’ reluctance to fully support basic research in the sciences through the National Institutes of Health. Furthermore, we must work hard to ensure that treatment is accessible to every-one across the socio-economic spectrum, both domestically and internationally. 
I served as a medical officer with the U.S. 
State Department in sub-Saharan Africa just as the full force of the AIDS epidemic became readily apparent. Infection was, by and large, a death sentence. Today, with anti-viral treat-ments we can talk about people living with AIDS, but this also reminds us that confronting the disease is more than just biology, but also public health and the social impact of the dis-ease. One of my first accomplishments as a Member of Congress was to work with my col-leagues to pass legislation that ensures those with AIDS have access to housing. Today, the Housing Opportunities for People with AIDS program (HOPWA) continues to help ensure that those living with AIDS affordable housing and contributes to the stability needed to pro-mote adherence to treatment regimens. 
Today, we see overall declines in infection 
rates, but we must acknowledge that in some communities, this is not the case. While most sub-Saharan countries of Africa have seen de-creases in rates of infection, this has not been the case in Angola and Uganda. Similarly, in the United States we see a geographical shift in rates of infection with the southeastern United States showing higher rates than other parts of the country. If past is precedent, meeting these challenges must start with a strong commitment to education, based in science, and dedicated to empowering com-munities through knowledge to confront the disease. 
As we commemorate World AIDS Day this 
year, we can draw inspiration from our inter-national response to the AIDS epidemic. Rath-er than a fearful reaction, ill-equipped because of ignorance, and disengaged because of empty rhetoric, the United States is rising to meet the challenge of an AIDS-free genera-tion; motivated by compassion and the pursuit of wellbeing, armed with science, and com-mitted through the dedication of resources. We can take pride in how far we have come, but our success must not breed a false sense of security. Our work is not done and Con-gress must provide the resources needed to ensure the United States government main-tains its leadership role, both at home and abroad, in the effort to make an AIDS-free generation a reality. HONORING THE NATIONAL BAR 
ASSOCIATION’S CIVIL RIGHTS COMMEMORATION TOUR 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in honor of the National Bar Asso-ciation’s Civil Rights Commemoration Tour during the 60th Commemoration of the Mont-gomery Bus Boycott. Today, we honor the piv-otal role that black lawyers played during the Montgomery Bus Boycott and the Civil Rights Movement. 
Sixty years ago, demonstrators in Mont-
gomery boldly challenged the segregated bus system with the help of talented black attor-neys who were committed to eradicating social injustices across the State of Alabama. Gifted lawyers like Thurgood Marshall, Fred Gray, Constance Baker Motley, U.W. Clemon and countless other African American attorneys ar-gued and won some of the most pivotal cases of the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Move-ment. Yet so often we overlook the coura-geous men and women who bravely defeated the government sanctioned oppression that was Jim Crow in the courtroom. Each of their stories is embedded in the fabric of this nation for they contributed to making America a more fair and just society. 
The State of Alabama was home to some of 
the key black lawyers in the civil rights move-ment. One of the most impactful lawyers of the Movement was Alabama native, Fred Gray. Attorney Fred Gray came to prominence representing key figures in the Montgomery Bus Boycott including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Claudette Colvin, and Rosa Parks. He rep-resented Rosa Parks on appeal for her convic-tion for violating Montgomery’s public transit segregation law which ultimately led to the de-segregation of buses throughout the City of Montgomery. Attorney Fred Gray later secured a victory in Williams v. Wallace (1963) which protected the Selma to Montgomery marchers. Attorney Fred Gray continues today to provide legal counsel to so many in the fight for social and economic justice. Attorney Fred Gray’s in-delible legacy paved the way for many other black lawyers including Judge U.W. Clemon, Alabama’s first black federal judge and Judge Oscar Adams who was the first African-Amer-ican Alabama Supreme Court Justice. 
Likewise, the National Bar Association has 
consistently been recognized for its commit-ment to spearheading efforts to uplift those that are oppressed and disenfranchised. Since its inception in 1924, the National Bar Asso-ciation has fostered and supported the impor-tant role of black lawyers in the fight for equal justice. Today, that legacy continues under the leadership of its President Attorney Benjamin Crump who is a modern-day example of what it means to fight for equality and justice in the courtroom. 
As a Member of Congress and a former 
member of the National Bar Association, I am honored to welcome the association to my dis-trict during the 60th commemoration of the Montgomery Bus Boycott. During this special commemoration, we thank the National Bar Association for all of the work it has done and continues to do, and we salute its individual members who are working to make a dif-
ference in the lives of everyday Americans. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting 
the significant contributions and achievements to this nation of black lawyers and the Na-tional Bar Association during this 60th com-memoration of the Montgomery Bus Boycott. 
f 
IN HONOR OF BONNIE CARROLL, 
RECIPIENT OF THE PRESI-DENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM FOR HER COMMITMENT TO HEALING FAMILIES OF FALLEN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED SERV-ICES 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize my constituent, Bonnie Carroll, of Loudoun County, Virginia, who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 24th. The Presidential Medal of Freedom is our nation’s highest civilian honor, and I am humbled to recognize Mrs. Carroll today. 
Mrs. Carroll is a retired major in the United 
States Air Force Reserve who has dedicated her career to aiding family members of our na-tion’s veterans and service members. Fol-lowing the death of her husband—Brig. Gen. Tom Charles Carroll, who died in an Army C– 12 plane crash in Alaska in 1992—she found-ed the Tragedy Assistance Program for Sur-vivors (TAPS), which seeks to support families who have lost loved ones in the military. 
Mrs. Carroll utilized the resources given to 
her following her husband’s death to start this fantastic organization that offers help to so many families who are grieving. As Founder and President, Mrs. Carroll has made it her priority to provide resources to families of fall-en service members in their time of need. TAPS runs a peer support network that con-nects families with others who are grieving across the United States. Since its founding, TAPS has assisted over 50,000 family mem-bers. 
Mrs. Carroll, we thank you for your steward-
ship in our community and your lifelong com-mitment to public service. You have made your nation and the 10th District of Virginia proud. I wish you the best of success in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR MATTHEW R. 
KELLEY 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to Major Matthew R. Kelley for his dedica-tion to duty and service as an Army Congres-sional Fellow and Congressional Budget Liai-son for the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller). Major Kelley will be transitioning from his present assignment to serve in the 3rd Infantry Division at Fort Stewart, Georgia. 
A native of Ekron, Kentucky, Major Kelley 
was commissioned as an Armor officer after his graduation from the United States Military Academy with a Bachelor of Science degree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01DE8.013 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1685 December 1, 2015 
in Electrical Engineering. He has subsequently 
earned a Master’s degree in Legislative Affairs from the George Washington University. 
Matt has served in a broad range of assign-
ments during his Army career. Major Kelley’s assignments include Armor Officer Student, United States Army Armor School, Fort Knox; Tank Platoon Leader, Troop Executive Officer, and Task Force Scout Platoon Leader, 1st Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin; Instructor, Army Reserve Officer Training Corps at the University of Oregon; Reconnaissance Troop Commander and Headquarters Troop Commander, 4th Squad-ron, 2d Cavalry Regiment, Vilseck, Germany. Additionally, Major Kelley was deployed in di-rect support of combat operations in Iraq, from 2005–2006, and Regional Command—South, Afghanistan, from 2010–2011. 
In 2013, Matt was selected to be an Army 
Congressional Fellow for one year, working in a Congressional office on Capitol Hill. Next, in his role as a Congressional Budget Liaison, working closely with the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Matt ensured the 
Army’s budget positions were well represented and articulated to the Appropriations Commit-tees. 
Throughout his career, Major Kelley has 
positively impacted his soldiers, peers, and su-periors. Our country has been enriched by his extraordinary leadership, thoughtful judgment, and exemplary work. I join my colleagues today in honoring his dedication to our nation and invaluable service to the United States Congress as an Army Congressional Budget Liaison. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been a genuine pleas-
ure to have worked with Major Matt Kelley over the last two years. On behalf of a grateful nation, I join my colleagues today in recog-nizing and commending Matt for his service to his country and we wish him, his wife Erin, and children, Grace, Samuel, Jack, and Tommy all the best as they continue their jour-ney in the United States Army. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. CLAYBON J. 
EDWARDS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to an outstanding public servant, respected businessman, and loving husband, father, and friend, Mr. Claybon J. Edwards. Sadly, Mr. Edwards passed away on Tuesday, November 3, 2015. A funeral service was held on Sunday, November 8, 2015 at 3:00 p.m. at the Peach County High School Auditorium in Fort Valley, Georgia. 
Often affectionately referred to as ‘‘Clay,’’ 
Mr. Edwards was born in Fort Valley to Martin and Julia Edwards. In 1950, Mr. Edwards earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Busi-ness Administration from Morris Brown Col-lege in Atlanta, Georgia. Upon graduation, he represented Morris Brown College in a Chi-cago-based Life Insurance Program spon-sored by Supreme Life Insurance Company. The program was established for business ad-ministration graduates from Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). Mr. Edwards then went on to serve our nation honorably in the military for two years. In 1963, Mr. Edwards joined his father and 
his brother, A.J., in the family business at Edwards Funeral Home. He attended Worsham College of Mortuary Science of Chi-cago and then relocated to Fort Valley, where he became a licensed embalmer and funeral director of Georgia. 
Later, Edwards Funeral Home was renamed 
to C.J. Edwards Funeral Home, Inc. and Mr. Edwards became President and CEO. The foundational values of the funeral home did not change, however, and it remained very much a family business. Mr. Edwards’ wife, Mary, their daughter, Denise, and son-in-law Anthony, along with Mr. Edwards’ sister, Mary Julia, and her daughter Karen, are all involved in the operation of the funeral home. In addi-tion, Mr. Edwards founded Edwards Insurance Agency to add to the business structure. 
Mr. Edwards put as much love into serving 
his community as he did into his businesses. He served numerous organizations, including the NAACP, Alpha Phi Alpha and Sigma Pi Phi fraternities, and various funeral service trade associations. He was also a Deacon at Trinity Baptist Church in Fort Valley, Georgia. 
In 1970, Mr. Edwards became the first Afri-
can American to be elected to serve on the City Council in Fort Valley. He served four terms and served as Mayor Pro Tem for two years. 
Claybon Edwards accomplished much in his 
life but none of this would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of his wife of forty-five years, Mary; daughter, Denise; three grandchildren, Sabastian, Samantha, Courtney, and Caitlin; and one great-grandchild, Saniya. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 people of the Sec-ond Congressional District, salute Claybon J. Edwards for his dedicated service to his com-munity. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to his family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, No-
vember 30, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not re-corded on any legislative measures for the day. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 644, to remove the use re-strictions on certain land transferred to Rock-ingham County, Virginia. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 645, 
the Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act. RECOGNIZING GOEUN CHOI, CHRIS-
TIAN HAILE, JASMINE MAR-TINEZ, CHRISTINA RIMBEY, AND EITAN WOLF 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Goeun Choi, Christian Haile, Jas-mine Martinez, Christina Rimbey and Eitan Wolf for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Sixth District as interns in my Washington, D.C. office for the autumn of the 114th Congress, First Session. 
The work of these young men and women 
has been exemplary and I know they all have bright futures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative proc-ess. I was glad to be able to offer this edu-cational opportunity to these five and look for-ward to seeing them build their careers in pub-lic service. 
All five of our interns have made plans to 
continue their education and professional oc-cupations in Washington, D.C. and throughout the United States. I am certain they will suc-ceed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Goeun Choi, Chris-tian Haile, Jasmine Martinez, Christina Rimbey and Eitan Wolf for their service this autumn. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 644 and 645. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on Roll Call vote num-bers 644 and 645. 
f 
HONORING ROSA PARKS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor beloved civil rights activist and ‘‘mother of the Civil Rights Movement,’’ Rosa Parks. Sixty years ago today, Rosa Parks was arrested after refusing to give up her seat to a white passenger on a public bus in Montgomery, Alabama. 
This single act of civil disobedience unwit-
tingly helped build the foundation for a nation-wide movement to end the discriminatory poli-cies of segregation. She empowered thou-sands of African Americans to come together and launch a boycott of Montgomery buses that lasted 381 days. Thousands of members from the African American community rallied together to carpool, use African American-op-erated cabs, or even going as far to walk many miles to work. It was a huge success that sent a strong message to those who would choose to discriminate against others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01DE8.016 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1686 December 1, 2015 
Rosa Parks endured great personal hard-
ship following her protest. She was fired from her job at a local department store and her husband was retaliated against in his own place of work, losing his job in the process as well. Rosa Parks was ultimately forced to leave Montgomery for Detroit, Michigan where she could begin a new life. However, her suf-fering would not be in vain and in 1956, the United States Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that Jim Crow laws were unconsti-tutional. 
Rosa Parks channeled discrimination 
against her into positive action. She founded the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for Self-Development, which is aimed at providing youth with life skills, character development, and education on civil rights history. Her con-tributions have been widely recognized there-after. Rosa Parks is the recipient of the Na-tional Association for the Advancement of Col-ored People’s (NAACP) highest award, the Spingarn Medal. She was also awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bill Clinton, and was awarded the Congres-sional Gold Medal, which is the highest award that United States Congress can bestow on a civilian. 
Mr. Speaker, Rosa Parks serves as an in-
spiration to us all. Her story teaches us how the brave actions of one individual can inspire the actions of an entire generation. Individuals like Rosa Parks light the way and show us ex-actly how we can achieve the change we so greatly desire. Her actions changed the course of history and her legacy will be remembered far and wide. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 106TH CHRIST-
MAS TREE LIGHTING IN PERKASIE BOROUGH 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, three years 
before the lights on the famous Christmas tree in New York City’s Rockefeller Center were flipped on, a small town in my district of Penn-sylvania began a tradition that has spanned generations and leads the nation. 
Since 1909, residents of Perkasie Borough 
have been gathering together in early Decem-ber to light the community Christmas tree—a tradition that stands as America’s oldest con-tinuous tree lighting. 
A town of under 3,000 at the time of its first 
Christmas celebration, Perkasie has grown 
steadily while community leaders, elected offi-cials and local residents have kept its unique small town charm and timeless Christmas rit-ual. 
Today, I recognize December 5th as what 
will be Perkasie’s 106th consecutive commu-nity Christmas tree lighting and join in the celebration of this enduring holiday tradition. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DUANE HARTE 
HON. STEPHEN KNIGHT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of a man who dedicated his life to serving his family and his community: Duane 
Harte, who passed away on Monday, Novem-ber 23rd, at the age of 68. 
Harte was born in 1947 and moved to the 
Santa Clarita Valley in 1974, where he and his wife Pauline raised their two daughters. He re-tired in 1990 as Senior Chief Petty Officer from the U.S. Naval Reserve after 23 years of service and owned a small business called Academy Addressing and Mailing. 
Harte’s contributions to the Santa Clarita 
Valley were numerous. He was president of the Santa Clarita Valley Veteran’s Memorial Committee and founding president of the SCV Senior Center Charitable Foundation. He was also active in the Friends of Mentryville, SCV Historical Society, was the President of the SCV Veterans Memorial Committee, past chairman of the SCV Chamber of Commerce, SCV Committee on Aging, Newhall Redevel-opment Committee, Friends of the Libraries of the SCV, Canyon Theatre Guild Board of Di-rectors, and the Vice-Chairman of the Santa Clarita Parade Committee. 
In 2008, Harte was selected to serve as a 
Parks, Recreation and Community Services Commissioner, where he served until he passed away due to a massive heart attack in his Santa Clarita home. 
Harte is survived by his wife of 43 years, 
Pauline, their two daughters, Donna and Denise, and grandson Evan Alexander. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARL KLUVER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Carl Kluver of Shenandoah, Iowa, for receiving his high school diploma. 
Two years after leaving the Charter Oak 
High School in 1942, Carl joined the military to serve his country. It wasn’t until October 10th, 2015 that Carl was able to attain his diploma. Carl served our country honorably during World War II aboard the USS Richmond dur-
ing his time in the U.S. Navy. He never regret-ted joining the military, but always wished he had finished high school. Carl made it known to his family that he wished he had received his high school diploma, and with the support and encouragement of his grandson he de-cided it wasn’t too late to graduate. Carl’s grandson John Olson contacted the Charter Oak-Ute Community School District and in-quired about getting a diploma for his grand-father. After explaining the situation to school officials and once the Charter Oak School Dis-trict verified that Carl had indeed been a stu-dent there, a diploma was granted. Sur-rounded by family, Carl received his diploma, saying, ‘‘It was a great day and one I’ll never forget.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate 
Carl for his accomplishments and receiving his high school diploma. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress for his dis-tinguished service to our country. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Carl and wishing him nothing but the best moving forward. RECOGNIZING MR. GEORGE 
JOSEPH PARNESS 
HON. TOM RICE 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the life of Mr. George Joseph Parness, a distinguished American hero, who spent his life improving the lives of others. 
George joined the United States Navy just 
days after Pearl Harbor was bombed. He was ordered to report to the USS Nicholson , and 
also served aboard the USS LeHardy , the 
USS President Hayes , the USS Phelps , and 
the USS Randall . After WWII, George returned 
home only to eventually reenlist during the Ko-rean Conflict. He served aboard many ships including the USS Achernar . 
After returning from war George met his 
wife, June, and on February 12, 1954, they married. George then went on to work in the newspaper business, served as Mayor of Suffern, New York, and served as Rockland County Legislature. George and his wife then retired to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. 
George will be greatly missed and I ask that 
we keep his family in our thoughts and pray-ers. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE OBSTETRIC 
FISTULA PREVENTION, TREAT-MENT, HOPE, AND DIGNITY RES-TORATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, today I am reintroducing com-prehensive legislation that both prevents new obstetric fistulas and helps to treat existing ones, helping millions of women around the world regain control of their health and dignity. The Fistula Prevention, Treatment, Hope and Dignity Restoration Act will support a coopera-tive effort to eradicate a heartbreaking, pre-ventable condition that has been largely elimi-nated in the developed world. 
Childbirth should not leave a woman dis-
abled or ostracized by her family and commu-nity. Congress must commit to expanding ac-cess to treatment for the more than two million women worldwide who suffer from obstetric fistula and preventing new cases. 
Obstetric fistula is a devastating condition 
that results from prolonged, obstructed labor without proper medical attention. During deliv-ery, the infant’s head presses against the woman’s pelvis for so long that it creates a hole between the woman’s vagina and rectum, leaving her without control of her bladder and/ or bowels for the rest of her life if untreated. It also often results in a stillbirth. Mothers with fistulas are abandoned by their husbands and shunned by their families. According to the World Health Organization, there are between 50,000 and 100,000 new cases each year. 
Fortunately, obstetric fistula is both treatable 
and preventable. Ninety percent of cases can be treated with a surgery costing an average 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.005 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1687 December 1, 2015 
of $400. This legislation allows for a com-
prehensive, three pronged approach of pre-vention, treatment and reintegration which in-volves: increasing access to prenatal care, emergency obstetric care, postnatal care, and voluntary family planning; building local capac-ity and improving national health systems; ad-dressing underlying social and economic in-equities, reducing the incidence of child mar-riage, and increasing access to education; and supporting reintegration and training programs to help women who have undergone treatment return to full and productive lives. These es-sential investments create a multiplier effect of benefits for women and their communities. 
It is also imperative that Congress supports 
ongoing efforts in the fight to end fistula. Orga-nizations such as UNFPA (the United Nations Population Fund) and USAID are working with partners in a global campaign to prevent and treat fistula with the goal of making the condi-tion rare in areas of the developing world, such as sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia. The legislation also supports coordination through the International Obstetric Fistula Working Group. Support for monitoring, eval-uation, and research to measure the impacts of such programs throughout their planning and implementation phases will ensure the most efficient and effective allocation of U.S. foreign assistance dollars. 
We are already well aware that promoting 
women’s health is fundamental to ensuring the health of their children and families. With this bill, we can give women around the world hope for a healthy future. I urge my col-leagues to join me in support of the Obstetric Fistula Prevention, Treatment, Hope, and Dig-nity Restoration Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR BETSY 
PATERSON UPON HER RETIRE-MENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to honor Mansfield, Connecticut’s 16-year mayor, Betsy Paterson upon her retirement. For nearly two decades, Betsy has provided rock-solid leadership for her town and her community, serving the residents of Mansfield with her know-how and forward-thinking initia-tives. 
Starting in 2007, Betsy led her town through 
a landmark reinvestment campaign. Working with the Mansfield Downtown Partnership to secure millions in state and federal funding. Betsy and the town embarked on an historic downtown improvement project that delivered to Mansfield residents and to the flagship Uni-versity of Connecticut located in Storrs, addi-tional open space, economic development and improved transportation. Betsy’s leadership le-veraged federal infrastructure investment with outstanding private sector development to leave a long-lasting impact on the town’s busi-ness development and livability and a huge enhancement to UConn’s ability to draw the ‘‘best and brightest’’ to its mission. Today, Storrs Center serves as an important transpor-tation and economic hub that fuels a lively community and reflects Betsy’s vision and de-termination. In addition to her Mayoral duties, Betsy has 
served on the board of the Mansfield Down-town Partnership, as a member of the Presi-dential Search Committee at the University of Connecticut, and on the Mansfield Democratic Town Committee and the Mansfield Historical Society. 
Betsy has been a terrific friend and col-
league during her time as Mayor. Although her leadership will be missed in the Mayor’s office, I am confident that her deep involvement in the future of Mansfield will not end with her re-tirement. I ask my colleagues to please join me in thanking Betsy for her lifetime of service to Mansfield and eastern Connecticut. 
f 
REMARKS AT AMERICAN ARCHI-
TECTURAL FOUNDATION’S OCULUS AWARD CEREMONY 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, today I had 
the honor of addressing the American Archi-tectural Foundation’s Oculus award ceremony to celebrate leadership in cultural heritage and highlight organizations whose preservation ini-tiatives promote vibrant, sustainable commu-nities. This year’s Oculus award was pre-sented to Wiss, Janney, Elstner Associates for their national leadership in historic preserva-tion. 
I want to applaud the work of the American 
Architectural Foundation (AAF) and its presi-dent and CEO Ron Bogle. AAF’s efforts to make restoration, preservation and protection of our nation’s vulnerable historic buildings, collections, artifacts and works of art a na-tional priority is commendable and it’s an agenda I fully support. 
Mr. Speaker, I submit my remarks from to-
day’s Oculus award. 
Good afternoon. 
Thank you, Mr. Ayers for the kind intro-
duction. I appreciate all that you and your staff are doing to keep Congress working while you are restoring our beautiful Capitol dome. Thank you for your leadership. 
I am thrilled to be here today. The American Architectural Foundation is 
playing an important role in driving an agenda that places cultural heritage, his-toric preservation, and architectural restora-tion at its forefront. 
I want to commend the vision and tremen-
dous work of AAF President and CEO Ron Bogle, along with Mr. Thom Minner, Direc-tor of AAF’s Center for Design and Cultural Heritage. Ron and Thom are working with me to get Congress re-engaged as a partner in protecting and restoring our country’s historic treasures, treasures that unite com-munities and connect the past to the future. 
We are here today to honor a company for 
more than 50 years of accomplishments in historic preservation. Congratulations to Wiss, Janney, Elstner Associates on receiv-ing the 2015 Oculus award. 
WJE has a long record of contributing to 
projects across the U.S. and around the world. They have an office in Minnesota, but I was surprised to learn how often we worked at the same places. 
In the early 1970s my first full-time job was 
in downtown St. Paul in the First National Bank building. Later, WJE worked on the First National Bank building. As a Min-nesota state legislator, I spent eight years working in our beautiful Cass Gilbert de-
signed state capitol building. WJE has worked on the capitol. And, one of my proud-est accomplishments in Congress has been to help secure the funding for the renovation of St. Paul’s historic 1920’s era train station— Union Depot. The Depot’s $250 million res-toration was completed in 2013 and, again, WJE worked on the project. 
Again, congratulations WJE on your tre-
mendous record of success. 
At the beginning of this year I became the 
lead Democrat on the Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee. Each year our subcommittee produces a bill that pro-vides over $30 billion to fund the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the Department of the Interior, the U.S. Forest Service, the National Endowments for the Arts and Hu-manities, the Smithsonian museums, and a number of other federal agencies. It is an im-portant portfolio that funds hundreds of mil-lions of acres of federal land, our national parks, tribal nations, and many of America’s most important historic sites. 
Over the past months my office has been 
engaged with federal stakeholders and AAF to review the federal government’s role in historic preservation. It is absolutely clear that without leadership from Congress and the Obama Administration our nation’s most vulnerable treasures are at risk of being lost to time, decay, or neglect. Unfortunately, Congress and the Administration are ne-glecting our nation’s treasures and this po-litical apathy is costing the American people our cultural heritage. 
In the 2016 House and Senate Interior-Envi-
ronment appropriations bills, approximately $61 million is allocated to the Historic Pres-ervation Fund—primarily to support historic preservation offices in states, territories and tribal nations. This amount represents less than half of the $150 million authorized fund-ing level and it is nearly $20 million less than was spent on historic preservation in 2010. 
This abandonment of historic preservation 
runs counter to the desires of our constitu-ents. States, local communities, non-profits, the foundation community, and the private sector want the federal government to be a real partner. All across our country commu-nities come together and identify endan-gered historic and cultural assets that uniquely reflect local character and identity. It may be a historic building, a church, an archeological site, or a collection rep-resenting a moment in a community’s his-tory that exemplifies a unique piece of our American history. And, communities are asking for help—both technical and finan-cial—because they want their valued asset to be preserved, protected, and restored for the next generation. 
From 1999 to 2010 help was available. Dur-
ing those years, Congress provided modest, but critical funding for a program called Save America’s Treasures. $318 million in federal funding was appropriated for SAT grants over twelve years—that is less than $1 per American for a decade of investments. Those grants required a dollar-for-dollar match which leveraged over $400 million in additional funds. 
But, since 2011, Congress has not provided 
a single dollar to Save America’s Treasures. 
During SAT’s twelve years, more than 1,200 
grants were awarded to restore 327 historic properties; 247 projects to restore collec-tions, artifacts, artistic works, and docu-ments were funded; and, 341 National His-toric Landmarks were preserved. 
The treasures saved include: the restora-
tion of Rosa Parks’ bus; restoring Little Rock’s Central High School; saving Ansel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.010 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1688 December 1, 2015 
Adam’s prints, negatives and equipment; re-
storing an 18th century South Carolina plan-tation house; preserving the ruins at Colo-rado’s Mesa Verde National Park; and repair-ing and preserving the 1812 flag that flew over Fort McHenry that inspired the Star Spangled Banner. 
In my Minnesota congressional district, a 
$150,000 SAT grant matched by community contributions helped to fund a sprinkler sys-tem in the longest serving Czech-Slovak Hall in the U.S. built in 1879. This grant saved the Sokol Hall while other ethnic halls have been lost to fire. On Saturday I’ll be attend-ing an event at the Sokol Hall and it is a wonderful center of community activity. 
SAT has been an example of a public-pri-
vate partnership that keeps history, culture, identity, and democracy vibrant and sustain-able in towns and cities all across America. 
In my view SAT grants have acted as ven-
ture capital that sparks a community into action. It is an investment that inspires a community and donors to invest time, money, volunteer support—all to the benefit of the project. A good project with an SAT grant becomes a great project. Without that federal support many projects will never get done and national treasures are now being lost forever. 
I am passionate about restoring federal 
funding for SAT because I have a partner that shares my enthusiasm. That partner is the American Architectural Foundation. The National Park Service is SAT’s lead federal agency while AAF is SAT’s official non-prof-it partner. 
Other federal partners include the National 
Endowment for the Arts, the National En-dowment for the Humanities, and the Insti-tute of Museum and Library Services. They all have valuable technical capacity to con-tribute—if federal funds are made available. 
In 2016 our nation will celebrate the 50th 
anniversary of the National Historic Preser-vation Act of 1966. Next year also marks the 100th anniversary of our National Parks. As citizens who care about historic preserva-tion, now is the time to get organized and energized. Working together, we need to get Congress investing once again in Saving America’s Treasures. 
I am thrilled to be working with AAF and 
other partners who share the vision that pre-serving America’s past helps to build Amer-ica’s future. 
It has been wonderful being here with you. 
Thank you AAF for the invitation to be here today. 
Thank you. 
f 
MANNINGTON MILLS ONE HUN-
DRED YEARS OF BUSINESS IN SOUTH JERSEY 
HON. FRANK A. LoBIONDO 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I come to the 
floor today to celebrate the One Hundredth Anniversary of Mannington Mills, Inc. Located in my district in Salem, New Jersey, Mannington Mills is a leader in the manufac-turing of residential and commercial flooring. 
Mannington Mills has expanded significantly 
since its founding in 1915, growing from a small roots family business in South Jersey to a global industry leader today. This organiza-tion has been very successful in extending their services outside of New Jersey, recently expanding into Georgia, Alabama, North Caro-lina, and Florida where they invested in new facilities that helped to create several hundred 
new jobs in each state. 
The company’s many years of success has 
allowed them to expand internationally as well. In 2012 Mannington Mills acquired Amtico International, a producer of luxury vinyl floor-ing headquartered in England. This new loca-tion provided many more business opportuni-
ties and allowed the company to bring its hometown brand overseas. 
Mannington Mills’ commitment to social re-
sponsibility makes this company stand out among others. Chairman of the Board, Keith Campbell is a firm believer in the ‘‘Do the Right Thing’’ philosophy that the company and family has kept with them since they first opened. This has ensured a strong community connection, and only adds to their success. 
Over the last century, Mannington Mills has 
built a reputation of quality products in south-ern New Jersey and the United States. Ignor-ing pressure to move out of state, Mannington Mills’ unwavering support to the local economy and its employees is a testament to the orga-nization’s founding principles that has spanned four generations. The company, family, and employees can take great pride in this remark-able milestone. 
My sincere congratulations and best wishes 
for many more years of success. 
f 
IN OPPOSITION TO S.J. RES. 23 
AND S.J. RES. 24 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong 
opposition to both resolutions before us today. Congress has a constitutional duty to conduct oversight of the Executive Branch, and the Congressional Review Act is an important tool in our toolbox. However, these resolutions are nothing more than partisan attempts to nullify the EPA’s Clean Power Plan, sending a mes-sage to countries around the world of political discord in the United States as global climate change negotiations are taking place in Paris. 
Climate change is real and it is a threat to 
the entire world. The first nine months of 2015 were the warmest on record and these higher temperatures have contributed to the drought and wildfires that have ravaged my home state of California over the past five years. 
It’s also a fact that the costs of failing to ad-
dress climate change—both human and eco-nomic—grow with every year we fail to take action. A recently released United Nations re-port revealed that in the past two decades weather-related disasters have killed more than 600,000 people and cost trillions of dol-lars in economic losses. The report cited rising ocean temperatures and melting glaciers as two main drivers of extreme weather events which have increased at an alarming rate. The White House Council on Economic Advisers also calculated that failing to meet our climate goals will cost the U.S. $150 billion per year in reduced economic output. For each decade we ignore climate change, the costs of mitiga-tion increase by 40 percent, which works out to approximately a $500 tax on every Amer-ican each year, increasing by 40 percent every ten years. 
With Congress failing to act on climate 
change, the Administration is taking strong ac-tion which I support. As we speak, representa-
tives from over 190 countries are working to produce a landmark agreement in Paris to cut greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions on a global scale and invest in clean energy technologies. Even before the negotiations began, countries that make up nearly 90 percent of global GHG output submitted pledges to cut their emis-sions, including major polluters such as China, India, and the United States. In the U.S., the Clean Power Plan is projected to reduce GHG emissions by 32 percent by 2030. 
There is global recognition of the threat of 
climate change and the two resolutions before the House today would invalidate a key part of our nation’s responsibility to reduce global GHG emissions by preventing any future EPA regulation of carbon emissions from power plants. This is a blatantly transparent attempt to influence the Paris negotiations on behalf of the status quo and the special interests in the fossil fuel industry. I believe the mere consid-eration of these resolutions diminishes U.S. leadership and this institution in the eyes of the world community, and it condemns us to a future of even higher risks. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose these reso-
lutions of disapproval. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,782,451,267,806.04. We’ve 
added $8,155,574,218,892.96 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT 
OF DR. CHARLES MOJOCK, PRESIDENT OF LAKE-SUMTER STATE COLLEGE 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to recognize a close friend and highly accomplished leader in education, Dr. Charles Mojock, on his upcoming retirement. On December 31, 2015, Dr. Mojock will retire as President of Lake-Sumter State College. 
Under Dr. Mojock’s leadership, Lake-Sumter 
State College has transitioned from a commu-nity college to a state college, undergone a name change, joined the Central Florida High-er Education Consortium and DirectConnect to UCF, and launched Associate of Science de-gree programs in Health Information Tech-nology, Computer Information Technology and Environmental Science. During his tenure, Dr. Mojock witnessed the growth and expansion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.012 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1689 December 1, 2015 
of LSSC with enrollment increasing by 79% 
from 2002 to 2012. LSSC was recognized among the Top 10% of Community Colleges by the Aspen Institute and was listed as a ‘‘Best Places to Work’’ in Lake and Sumter Counties. 
Dr. Mojock has served on many boards in-
cluding the Florida College System Council of Presidents and The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Col-leges. Dr. Mojock’s remarkable service has also been recognized on the national and state levels. He was honored with the Phi Theta Kappa Shirley B. Gordon Award of Dis-tinction and the Lake County Community Serv-ice Award. 
I am honored to recognize Dr. Mojock, and 
thank him for his hard work and many con-tributions to the Central Florida community. After four decades as an educator, his com-mitment to excellence, leadership and service is to be admired. My sincerest wishes and congratulations to Dr. Mojock and his family on his retirement. 
f 
NATIONAL IBD AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on 
behalf of those affected by Crohn’s disease and Ulcerative Colitis, or Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (IBD), in observance of National IBD awareness week. 
IBD affects over 1.6 million Americans, and 
there is no known cause or cure. The unpre-dictable nature of these painful and debilitating diseases creates a significant burden on the community and the economy with more than $2.2 billion in direct and indirect healthcare costs. 
As co-chair of the Crohn’s and Colitis Cau-
cus, I am dedicated to educating the American public and other Members on awareness of IBD. We must do all we can to assist research dedicated to finding cures for IBD and improve the quality of life for those affected by these diseases. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize IBD 
Awareness Week and the millions of Ameri-cans suffering from these diseases. I urge my colleagues to join me in observance of Na-tional IBD Awareness Week. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LOUIS 
PARDINI, M.D. 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Dr. Louis Pardini of Fresno, California, who recently passed away on November 3, 2015, at the age of 91. He leaves behind his loving family, including Alice, his wife of 65 years, their six sons, 21 grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren. 
Louis Pardini was born in Daly City, Cali-
fornia in 1924 to his parents Louis G. and Caroline Payne Pardini. Lou, as many called him, was a man dedicated to medicine and to helping others. He graduated from Saint Igna-
tius High School in the San Francisco bay area and went on to join the United States Army during World War II, serving as a Med-ical Corpsman from 1942 to 1946. After his service, Lou attended San Jose State College from 1946 to 1947, and then attended the Uni-versity of San Francisco from 1947 to 1950, where he earned his Bachelor of Science de-gree in Biology. From 1950 to 1954, Lou at-tended Creighton University Medical School in Omaha, Nebraska, where he earned his med-ical degree. 
While attending medical school, Lou married 
Alice Martin in Santa Cruz, California in 1950, and together they had two sons, Louis and Patrick. After graduating, the family moved to Fresno, California where Lou participated in an internship at Fresno General Hospital from 1954 to 1955, and also served as Chief Resi-dent. On July 1, 1958 Lou began his Internal Medicine practice where he worked until his retirement in October 2013. 
Among his many accomplishments, Lou was 
honored with the Knighthood of Saint Gregory 1965 Conferral of Pontifical Honors. Lou also served on numerous medical organizations throughout his practice and was President of the Fresno County Medical Society Review Board in 1984, and Medical Director of ValuCare Health Plan from 1985 to 1988. Fur-ther, he served as President of the medical staff for Saint Agnes Medical Center from, 1981 to 1982, and as a member of the Board of Trustees from 1987 to 1992. He was also a Quality Assurance Committee Member from 1987 to 1996 and Chairman of the Utilization Committee for five years. 
It goes without saying that Dr. Louis Pardini 
was an honorable man with a strong commit-ment to his family and his patients for whom he served so graciously. He helped many lives through his practice of medicine, and touched many more through his kindness and wisdom. I am honored and humbled to join his family in celebrating the life of this amazing man, who will never be forgotten. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring the life of Louis Pardini. His memory will live on through his family and be remembered by our entire com-munity. We are all better for having known Louis Pardini, a remarkable Californian and Central Valley native. 
f 
27TH WORLD AIDS DAY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the 27th World AIDS Day. Each year on December 1, we support those living with HIV/AIDS, com-memorate those who have died from HIV/ AIDS, and encourage the scientific advances being made in the field. 
Globally, there are 36 million people living 
with HIV and 35 million people have died from HIV and AIDS-related causes since the begin-ning of the epidemic since the first cases were reported in 1981. Since 70% of HIV cases are reported in sub-Saharan Africa, countries that are hit the hardest by this pandemic often face other infectious diseases, food insecurity, and 
other problems. While the number of newly in-fected individuals has declined, and the num-ber of individuals receiving treatment has in-creased, we must remain vigilant with targeted funding and treatment in these vulnerable re-gions. 
Various Presidential Administrations have 
responded to the HIV/AIDS epidemic by focus-ing on specific countries and increasing fund-ing levels. For example, the creation of the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) in 2003, which began during the Bush Administration and continued through the Obama Administration, brought new atten-tion to address AIDS, as well as tuberculosis and malaria. 
While the global HIV/AIDS pandemic con-
tinues to receive steady funding through a ro-bust U.S. and international response, the reac-tion in Texas for African Americans has been slower. In Dallas County, 43% of those living with HIV are black while only 33% are white. Of newly diagnosed HIV cases, 51% are black 
while only 22% are white. As for black females in Dallas County, one in 144 black women are already living with HIV and are eight times more likely be become infected than their white or Hispanic counterparts. 
Funding to reach and educate individuals on 
a grassroots level is extremely necessary to fight the types of battles we face with the HIV/ AIDS in South Dallas. That is why I have been a strong supporter of the Ryan White CARE Act extension packages each time they reached the House floor. We must place our resources where they will be the most effec-tive. On this World AIDS Day, we need to commit ourselves to eradicating AIDS here at home and globally. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WORLD AIDS 
DAY 2015 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, World 
AIDS Day affords us an opportunity to reflect on our progress in the fight against the global AIDS pandemic and to rededicate ourselves to ending the disease once and for all. 
We have come a long way since the first 
World AIDS Day in 1988 by dramatically ex-panding investments in HIV/AIDS prevention, care, treatment, and research. 
Strong advocacy has paved the way for the 
Ryan White Act, the Housing Opportunities for People with AIDS Initiative, growing invest-ments in NIH research, and an end to the ban on federal funds for syringe exchange. 
Beyond our borders, our efforts have ex-
tended care to millions in the developing world, through increased resources for PEPFAR and the Global Fund. 
Our investments have saved lives—pre-
venting millions of new HIV cases, expanding access to improved treatments, and enabling medical advances that help HIV/AIDS patients live longer and healthier. 
Here and across the globe, AIDS deaths are 
on the decline, and studies are pointing the way to new approaches to limit the spread of the disease, with treatment as prevention. 
While our efforts have grown, we still only 
reach half of all people eligible for HIV treat-ment; and more must be done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.016 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1690 December 1, 2015 
Working together, we must continue to 
strengthen—not weaken—our national and international efforts to combat AIDS and other infectious diseases. 
We must work to achieve the Obama Ad-
ministration’s goal of an AIDS-free generation. 
We must honor the memory of those we 
have lost and act on our hope, optimism, and determination to end the HIV/AIDS pandemic. 
We must continue to work with programs 
and clinics, like the Harris County Hospital District (HCHD), who are treating and caring for patients with HIV/AIDS. 
In 1989, HCHD opened Thomas Street 
Health Center, the first free-standing facility dedicated to outpatient HIV/AIDS care in the nation. The center has become the corner-stone of all HIV/AIDS care available to Harris County residents. 
The Thomas Street Health Center has dedi-
cated their services to about 25 percent of Harris County’s HIV/AIDS. 
Annually, the health center, along with 
HCHD, serves 4,463 unique patients for about 37,000 patients’ visits. 
We will continue to fight a tough fight 
against HIV and AIDS. We will continue to strengthen and support centers like Thomas Street Health Center who work diligently with HIV/AIDS patients. 
Our focus on HIV/AIDS prevention and 
awareness will be to ensure all of our friends, relatives and children live healthy and full lives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, on Monday, November 30, 2015, I was ab-sent from the House because I was unavoid-ably detained. Due to my absence, I did not record my vote on the first vote of the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call 644. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARIBOU COFFEE 
AND EINSTEIN BROS. BAGELS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Caribou Coffee and Ein-stein Bros. Bagels for the opening of their new coffee and bagel shop in West Des Moines, Iowa. 
Founded in 1992, Caribou Coffee is the sec-
ond largest company-operated premium cof-feehouse in the United States with more than 272 company owned stores. Caribou Coffee provides high quality, handcrafted beverages and food options. Einstein Bros. Bagels is part of the Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. family, and is a neighborhood bagel shop that’s always cooking up new, innovative ways to serve its customers with more than 600 lo-cations in 40 states. Mr. Speaker, I commend this new business 
and their staff for the services they provide to the West Des Moines community. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Car-ibou Coffee and Einstein Bros. Bagels for their new location. I wish them and their staff noth-ing but the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STEVE GABEL 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Mr. Steve Gabel on being selected for induction into the Farm Credit Colorado Agri-culture Hall of Fame. This honor is reserved for those who have made a significant con-tribution to the agricultural industry of Colo-rado and the United States. 
Currently, Mr. Gabel owns Magnum 
Feedyard, a 22,500-head feedlot in Wiggins, Colorado. He also manages Gabel Cattle, his family-owned cow-calf business. In addition, he is currently a member of the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association and president of the Colorado Livestock Association. He pre-viously served for fifteen years as chairman of the Colorado Beef Council. 
Mr. Gabel also understands the importance 
of giving back to his community. He prides himself on volunteering as a Weld County Livestock volunteer judging coach, where he mentors youth on the importance of agri-culture. Mr. Gabel has shown true leadership in his industry and community. 
On behalf of the 4th Congressional District 
of Colorado, I extend my best wishes as Mr. Gabel pursues his future endeavors. His pas-sion and dedication to the agricultural industry makes him more than worthy of this distinct recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to rec-ognize Mr. Steve Gabel for his accomplish-ments. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR JIM 
HAGGERTON OF TUKWILA, WASHINGTON 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor Jim Haggerton, Mayor of Tukwila, Washington, on his retirement. 
There have been few greater champions for 
the City of Tukwila than Jim Haggerton. For over four decades, Jim has dedicated himself to bettering his community in many ways. After concluding his service in the U.S. Marine Corps, Jim and his wife, Carol, purchased their home in the McMicken Heights neighbor-hood in 1972. There, they raised their two chil-dren, Terri and Care. 
Despite the rigors of a hectic schedule with 
a young family and a burgeoning career, Jim found time to devote to his city. He served nine years on Tukwila’s Planning Commission, helping to guide the city through a period of tremendous growth. He built on this service when he was elected to serve as a Councilmember; a position that he held for 
thirteen years. Then, in 2007, he was elected as Tukwila’s Mayor. 
As Mayor, Jim led the successful effort to 
develop and implement the city’s first Strategic Plan, which was notable for its creation of the award-winning Community Connectors pro-gram. He also led the negotiations for dozens 
of major development and public infrastructure projects that have benefited the entire region. These include Jim’s efforts to bring transit op-tions to Tukwila, including light and heavy rail. Expanded transit access has accompanied and supported the development of commercial projects that attract commerce from sur-rounding communities. 
In addition to his work at City Hall, Jim has 
been a tireless advocate for Tukwila in a long list of regional organizations. He has served on the Board of Directors for the Association of Washington Cities, Sound Cities Associa-tion, and the Cascade Water Alliance. He also served as the President of the Southcenter Rotary Club and is a member of the American Legion Post 235 in Tukwila. 
As Jim passes the baton following his dec-
ades of service, he leaves the city on strong footing. Tukwila today has a AA rating from Standard and Poors, despite the challenges posed by the recession and ongoing recovery. Engagement with the community has never been stronger, either. This past year, Tukwila was recognized for its efforts to engage the city’s diverse communities in the update of Tukwila’s Comprehensive Plan. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize Mr. Jim Haggerton for his years of service and his tremendous impact on the City of Tukwila and King County. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ROSA PARKS’ ACT OF CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, sixty years 
ago today, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on a bus in Montgomery, Alabama. Through a simple act of civil disobedience, she inspired a movement, gained worldwide acclaim, and secured a place in American his-tory. 
However, on that cold morning in Mont-
gomery, Mrs. Parks was not creating a leg-acy—she simply saw a wrong and wanted to right it. She showed us that any person can make a difference if they have the strength of their convictions. By simply sitting down on the bus, she turned an ordinary act into something extraordinary, and inspired thousands in Mont-gomery—and later across America—to do the same. 
But Mrs. Parks is more than just a figure to 
be revered—she is an example to be upheld. And on days like today, we must ask our-selves whether we honor her with our actions as well as our words. 
Because of the work of Mrs. Parks and her 
contemporaries, our nation is an undeniably different place than it was sixty years ago. Jim Crow is no longer the law of the South. Seg-regation is no longer legally mandated. An Af-rican-American is President and the Congres-sional Black Caucus counts 43 members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\E01DE5.REC E01DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1691 December 1, 2015 
But there are still too many wrongs that 
need righting. The current African-American unemployment rate, 9.2%, is twice that of white workers, 4.4%. During the first half of this year, black Americans killed by the police were more than twice as likely to be unarmed as white Americans killed by police. Black chil-dren are suspended and expelled from school at three times the rate of white children. Black churches—a longtime refuge for our commu-nity—are still the target of violent extremists. 
In the face of such injustice, we must be 
compelled—as Rosa Parks and countless oth-ers were in their time—to act. 
We know that this will not be an easy fight. 
We know we must prepare for great sacrifice. There will be violence visited upon us—like the shooting of Black Lives Matter protesters in Minneapolis this past week. 
But the price we pay will bring about 
change—painfully slow at times—that we can pass on to the next generation. We are seeing this in places like South Carolina, where Wal-ter Scott’s killer is facing trial. We are seeing it in Chicago, where the police chief is out and Laquan McDonald’s killer is being prosecuted. We are seeing it at the U.S. Department of Justice where troubling police practices are re-ceiving deserved scrutiny. We are even seeing it here in Congress, where bipartisan reforms are underway that will address some of the ra-cial disparities in our criminal justice system. 
I am humbled to have worked with Mrs. 
Parks for more than 20 years, and I am fortu-nate to have been her friend for many more. Today, as we honor the actions that brought her global recognition, I hope we do so in kind—with actions worthy of her memory. SUPPORTING AID FOR MENTAL 
HEALTH SERVICES IN UKRAINE 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of the people of Ukraine, and to highlight the need for additional aid to address post- traumatic stress among the most vulnerable populations. Today, we mark the 24th anniver-sary of Ukraine’s referendum on the Act of Declaration of Independence. That vote was supported by 92% of Ukraine’s citizens, and was a monumental event that made the Soviet era history. Now, in 2015, Ukraine and its peo-ple are under threat, and the U.S. must do more to support the people of Ukraine during this critical time. 
In August, I traveled to Kyiv, which is a 
magnificent city in a beautiful country. Before my visit, I met with some of the leaders of the Ukrainian community in my district to learn what they had been hearing from friends and relatives in Ukraine and what their concerns were. While in Ukraine, I spoke with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk, and Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko. I also met the Secretary of the Na-tional Security Defense Council Oleksandr Valentynovych as well as several nongovern-ment organizations and members of civil soci-ety. 
Through these discussions, it became clear 
to me that we must do more to address the trauma and stress that is caused by the ongo-ing attacks from Russian-backed separatists in 
Eastern Ukraine. This year, through USAID, the United States is providing $71 million in aid for economic recovery, humanitarian co-ordination and logistics, nutrition, sanitation and water, and shelter. This funding has gone to support emergency needs in Ukraine, espe-cially for the protection of refugees, internally displaced persons, and conflict victims. While the United States has been and will continue to be a critical ally to the Ukrainian people, more needs to be done. 
According to the Internal Displacement Mon-
itoring Centre there are an estimated 1.4 mil-lion internally displaced persons, most from Eastern Ukraine, and 12.6 percent are chil-dren. The long term effect of the violence in Eastern Ukraine, especially on mental health for displaced children, can be devastating. I am proud to be working with researchers from Yale University in my district, as well as non-governmental organizations on the ground in Ukraine to find ways to support and expand 
training for mental health professionals in Ukraine. As one Ukrainian doctor who partici-pated in a Yale training session last year put it: ‘‘The effects of this violence, if left un-treated, are like landmines that will cause damage in our country for decades to come.’’ 
That is why I am calling upon Congress to 
support the people of Ukraine, particularly those forced from their communities, with pro-fessional mental health training and support services in Ukraine. We must do everything in our power to ensure that the most vulnerable Ukrainians are not forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.025 E01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1255 Tuesday, December 1, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8197–S8246 
Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2335–2339, S. Res. 323, and S. Con. Res. 26.
                          Page S8241 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1719, to provide for the establishment and 
maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strat-egy, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
                                                                             Page S8241 
Measures Considered: 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-
onciliation Act—Agreement: Senate began consid-
eration of H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2016, after agree-ing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8233–34 
Pending: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2874, in the nature 
of a substitute.                                                             Page S8233 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, December 2, 2015.
                                                                                Page S8246 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8240 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S8240–41 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S8241, S8246 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S8241 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8241–42 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8242–45 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8239–40 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S8245–46 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8246 Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:50 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, December 2, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8246.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
ACQUISITION REFORM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine acquisition reform, focusing on next steps, after receiving testimony from Jacques S. Gansler, The Gansler Group; Norman R. Augustine, The Defense Revolution ; Ben FitzGerald, Center for a 
New American Security; and Lt Col Dan Ward, USAF (Ret.), F.I.R.E.: How Fast, Inexpensive, Re-
strained and Elegant Methods Ignite Innovation. 
WELL CONTROL RULE 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Well Control Rule and other regulations related to off-shore oil and gas production, after receiving testi-mony from Brian Salerno, Director, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior; Erik Milito, American Petroleum Institute, and Jacqueline Savitz, Oceana, both of Washington, D.C.; and Mark Rockel, Ramboll Environ, Philadel-phia, Pennsylvania. 
INTERNATIONAL TAX 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine international tax, focusing on OECD BEPS and European Union state aid, after receiving testimony from Robert B. Stack, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, International Tax Affairs; and Dorothy Coleman, National Association of Man-ufacturers, and Michael Danilack, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, both of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1256 December 1, 2015 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Catherine Ebert-Gray, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensa-tion as Ambassador to the Solomon Islands and Am-bassador to the Republic of Vanuatu, Scot Alan Marciel, of California, to be Ambassador to the Union of Burma, John D. Feeley, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Pan-ama, Linda Swartz Taglialatela, of New York, to be Ambassador to Barbados, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Federation of St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Domi-nica, Grenada, and Saint Vincent and the Grena-dines, Todd C. Chapman, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Ecuador, Jean Elizabeth Manes, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of El Salvador, and Amos J. Hochstein, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (En-ergy Resources), who was introduced by Senator Warner, all of the Department of State, after the 
nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
PUERTO RICO’S FISCAL PROBLEMS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine Puerto Rico’s fiscal problems, fo-cusing on examining the source and exploring the solution, after receiving testimony from Representa-tive Pierluisi; Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro J. Garcia Padilla, Carlos A. Colon-De-Armas, Univer-sity of Puerto Rico Graduate School of Business, and Richard L. Carrion, Banco Popular, all of San Juan; former New York Lieutenant Governor Richard Ravitch, New York; Alex J. Pollock, American En-terprise Institute, Washington, D.C.; and Stephen J. Spencer, Houlihan Lokey, Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public 
bills, H.R. 4138–4151; and 3 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 100; and H. Res. 543–544 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H8859–60 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8860–61 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 3459, to clarify the treatment of two or 
more employers as joint employers under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–355); 
H.R. 189, to extend foreclosure and eviction pro-
tections for servicemembers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–356); 
Conference report on H.R. 22, to amend the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (H. Rept. 114–357); 
H.R. 3016, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, with amendments (H. 
Rept. 114–358); and 
H. Res. 542, providing for further consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastruc-ture, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and di-
plomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves (H. Rept. 114–359). 
                                                               Pages H8679–H8822, H8859 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Kelly (MS) to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H8649 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:51 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H8654 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measure: 
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2016: H.R. 4127, to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1257 December 1, 2015 
Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Sys-
tem, by a 2⁄3recorded vote of 364 ayes to 58 noes, 
Roll No. 649 (Subsequent to the announcement by the Chair that H.R. 4127 had passed by voice vote, Representative Nunes asked unanimous consent that the proceedings by which the motion to reconsider the bill was laid upon the table and by which the motion that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill was adopted be vacated to the end that the Chair put the question de novo). 
                                                                      Pages H8663–76, H8679 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Monday, November 30th. 
Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization 
Act of 2015: S. 1170, to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise 
funds for breast cancer research, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay 
vote of 422 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 648. 
                                                                                    Pages H8678–79 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modi-fied, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’: The House passed 
S.J. Res. 23, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 651.
               Pages H8658–63, 
H8676–78, H8822–29, H8837–38 
H. Res. 539, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 8) and the joint resolutions (S.J. Res. 23) and (S.J. Res. 24), was agreed to by a re-corded vote of 243 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 647, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 242 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 646. 
                                                                                    Pages H8676–77 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’: The House passed 
S.J. Res. 24, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric 
Utility Generating Units’’, by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 650.
     Pages H8658–63, 
H8676–78, H8829–37 
H. Res. 539, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 8) and the joint resolutions (S.J. Res. 23) and (S.J. Res. 24), was agreed to by a re-corded vote of 243 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 647, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 242 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 646. 
                                                                                    Pages H8676–77 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015—Motion to go to Conference: The House 
agreed to the Brady (TX) motion to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, with the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, insist on the House amendment, and agree to a conference with the Sen-ate thereon, by a recorded vote of 252 ayes to 170 noes, Roll No. 652.
                                          Pages H8838–39 
Debated the Kuster motion to instruct conferees. 
Further proceedings were postponed.       Pages H8846–49 
North American Energy Security and Infrastruc-ture Act of 2015: The House began consideration 
of H.R. 8, to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government account-ability. Consideration is expected to resume tomor-row, December 2nd.
                    Pages H8658–63, H8676–78, 
H8839–46 
H. Res. 539, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 8) and the joint resolutions (S.J. Res. 23) and (S.J. Res. 24), was agreed to by a re-corded vote of 243 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 647, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 242 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 646. 
                                                                                    Pages H8676–77 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and 
three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H8676–77, H8677, H8678–79, H8837, H8837–38 and H8838–39. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:45 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
U.S. STRATEGY FOR SYRIA AND IRAQ AND ITS IMPLICATIONS FOR THE REGION 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategy for Syria and Iraq and its Implications for the Region’’. Testimony was heard from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary of Defense; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1258 December 1, 2015 
and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chair-
man, Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
ACQUISITION EFFICIENCY AND THE 
FUTURE NAVY FORCE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Acquisition Efficiency and the Future Navy Force’’. Testimony was heard from Ronald O’Rourke, Specialist in Naval Affairs, Congressional Research Service; and Eric J. Labs, Senior Analyst for Naval Forces and Weapons, Congressional Budget Office. 
RUSSIAN ARMS CONTROL CHEATING: 
VIOLATION OF THE INF TREATY AND THE ADMINISTRATION’S RESPONSES ONE YEAR LATER 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces; and the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade of the House Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, held a joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Russian Arms Control Cheating: Violation of the INF Treaty and the Administration’s Responses One Year Later’’. Testimony was heard from Rose E. Gottemoeller, Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security, Department of State; and Brian P. McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Department of Defense. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL ENERGY 
REGULATORY COMMISSION 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion’’. Testimony was heard from the following Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission officials: Nor-man C. Bay, Chairman; Cheryl A. LaFleur, Commis-sioner; Tony Clark, Commissioner; and Colette D. Honorable, Commissioner. 
THE DISRUPTER SERIES: MOBILE 
PAYMENTS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Disrupter Series: Mobile Payments’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing on H.R. 699, the ‘‘Email Privacy Act’’. Tes-timony was heard from Andrew J. Ceresney, Direc-tor, Division of Enforcement, Securities and Ex-change Commission; Richard W. Littlehale, Assist-ant Special Agent in Charge, Criminal Investigation Division, Tennessee Bureau of Investigation; and public witnesses. EXAMINING INVASIVE SPECIES POLICY 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Invasive Species Policy’’. Testimony was heard from Jamie Reaser, Executive Director, Na-tional Invasive Species Council, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY 
AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015; CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY THE STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 8, the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015’’ [amendment consider-ation]; and conference report to accompany S. 1177, the ‘‘Student Success Act’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for further consider-ation of H.R. 8. The rule provides no further general debate. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–36 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of the conference re-port to accompany S. 1177. The rule waives all points of order against the conference report and against its consideration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered without intervention of any mo-tion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. The rule states that debate on the conference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. Testimony was heard from Chairman Kline, and Representatives Schakowsky, Burgess, Polis, Barton, Jackson Lee, DeSantis, Swalwell of California, Palmer, Poliquin, Scott of Virginia, and Rokita. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1259 December 1, 2015 
PITFALLS OF UNILATERAL NEGOTIATIONS 
AT THE PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE CONFERENCE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Pitfalls of Unilateral Negotiations at the Paris Climate Change Con-ference’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
OECD BEPS PROJECT FINAL 
RECOMMENDATIONS AND ITS EFFECT ON WORLDWIDE AMERICAN COMPANIES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Tax 
Policy held a hearing on the OECD BEPS Project final recommendations and its effect on worldwide American companies. Testimony was heard from Robert B. Stack, Deputy Assistant Secretary for International Tax Affairs, Department of the Treas-ury; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
RESCUING TRAFFICKING VICTIMS 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission received a briefing on best practices for res-cuing trafficking victims from Yaroslaba Garcia, Southwest Florida Regional Human Trafficking Coa-lition, Bonita Springs; Kimberly Chang, Asian Health Services Community Health Clinic, Oakland, California; and Jordan Greenbaum, Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Stephanie Blank Center for Safe and Healthy Children, Atlanta, Georgia. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1207) 
H.R. 3996, to provide an extension of Federal-aid 
highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, tran-sit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund. Signed on November 20, 2015. (Public Law 114–87) 
H.R. 208, to improve the disaster assistance pro-
grams of the Small Business Administration. Signed on November 25, 2015. (Public Law 114–88) 
H.R. 639, to amend the Controlled Substances 
Act with respect to drug scheduling recommenda-tions by the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, and with respect to registration of manufactur-ers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing. Signed on November 25, 2015. (Public Law 114–89) 
H.R. 2262, to facilitate a pro-growth environment 
for the developing commercial space industry by en-couraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions. Signed on November 25, 2015. (Public Law 
114–90) 
S. 799, to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse 
and neonatal abstinence syndrome. Signed on No-vember 25, 2015. (Public Law 114–91) 
S. 1356, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. Signed on November 25, 2015. (Public Law 114–92) 
S. 2036, to suspend the current compensation 
packages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Signed on November 25, 2015. (Public Law 114–93) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
DECEMBER 2, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold 
hearings to examine agriculture’s role in combating glob-al hunger, 10 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
Department of Defense personnel reform and strength-ening the all-volunteer force, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of G. Kathleen Hill, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malta, Eric Seth Rubin, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Bulgaria, Kyle R. Scott, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Serbia, and David McKean, of Massa-chusetts, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, all of the De-partment of State, and Carlos J. Torres, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action oversight, focusing on the International Atomic Energy Agency’s report on the pos-sible military dimensions of the Iranian nuclear program, 4 p.m., SH–219. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 1125, to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Black-feet Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and S. 1879, to improve processes in the Department of the Interior; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act (TLOA), focusing on whether the justice sys-tems in Indian country have improved, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
protecting trade secrets, focusing on the impact of trade secret theft on American competitiveness and potential solutions to remedy this harm, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1260 December 1, 2015 
Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to exam-
ine the Administration’s alien removal policies, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine consolidating non-Department of Veterans Affairs care programs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing to re-
view the Farm Credit System, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Principles for Ensuring Retirement Advice Serves the Best Interests of Working Families and Retirees’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 1641, the ‘‘Federal Spectrum Incentive Act of 2015’’; and a dis-cussion draft to amend the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act to fa-cilitate that deployment of communications infrastructure by providing for an inventory of Federal assets for use in connection with such deployment, to streamline certain Federal approvals of communication facilities, to provide for measures to promote the use of utility poles in the deployment, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital 
Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Improve the U.S. Cap-ital Markets’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps: Fuel-ing Middle East Turmoil’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Paris Attacks: A Strategic Shift by ISIS?’’, 1 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the President’s Strategy in Af-ghanistan’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled 
‘‘U.S. Strategic Interests and the APEC and East Asia Summits’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 1670, the ‘‘National POW/MIA Re-membrance Act of 2015’’; hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Customer Service for the Copyright Community: Ensur-ing the Copyright Office and the Library of Congress Are Able To Meet the Demands of the Digital Age’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2831, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to provisions classified to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code; H.R. 2832, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code; and H.R. 1584, the ‘‘CARDER Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing on discussion draft of the ‘‘National Park Service Centennial Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on con-
ference report to accompany H.R. 22, the ‘‘Surface Trans-portation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Office of National Drug Control Policy: Reauthoriza-tion’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1261 December 1, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 171 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 354 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through November 30, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 156 145 . . 
Time in session ................................... 985 hrs, 30 ′ 732 hrs, 14 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 8,196 8,647 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,679 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 28 65 93 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 3 3 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 391 484 875 
Senate bills .................................. 80 32 . . House bills .................................. 70 302 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 4 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 3 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 11 6 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 22 26 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 203 114 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... *256 *346 602 
Senate bills .................................. 195 6 . . House bills .................................. 30 269 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 3 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 30 65 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 20 5 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 3 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 195 71 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,697 4,851 7,548 
Bills ............................................. 2,325 4,137 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 25 74 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 25 99 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 322 541 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 6 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 310 265 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 378 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 2 1 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through November 30, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 349, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 136 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 204 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 9 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 3,800, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,734 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 744 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 322 
Air Force nominations, totaling 5,562, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,326 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 233 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 3 
Army nominations, totaling 3,482, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,354 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 128 
Navy nominations, totaling 3,936, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,928 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 8 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,067, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,066 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 18,196 
Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 16,544 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,318 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 334 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1262 December 1, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, December 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, December 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of 
H.R. 8—North American Energy Security and Infrastruc-ture Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 1177—Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1685 
Buck, Ken, Colo., E1690 Chu, Judy, Calif, E1683 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1685, E1688 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1681, E1684 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1690 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1689 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1687 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1682 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1690 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1691 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1688 
Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1686 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1681, E1683 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E1681 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1681 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E1684 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1689 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1685, E1689 Knight, Stephen, Calif., E1686 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1681 LoBiondo, Frank A., N.J., E1688 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E1689 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1682 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1686 
McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1687 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1683 Moulton, Seth, Mass., E1682 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1683 
Rice, Tom, S.C., E1686 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1682, E1684 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1685 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1690 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1685 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1688 Young, David, Iowa, E1686, E1690 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01DE5.REC D01DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST