Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5033 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 2015 No. 107 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, July 13, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JULY10, 2015 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, O God, for giv-
ing us another day. Please help us to use it well. 
We ask Your blessing upon this as-
sembly and upon all to whom the au-thority of government is given. Help them to meet their responsibilities during these days, to attend to the im-mediate needs and concerns of the mo-ment, all the while enlightened by the majesty of Your creation and Your eternal Spirit. 
We give You thanks that we all can 
know and share the fruits of Your Spir-it, especially in this time the virtue of tolerance and reconciliation, of justice and righteousness. 
Watch over this House and cause 
Your blessing to be upon each Member that they might serve all the people in their home districts, those who voted for them and those who did not. 
May all that is done within the peo-
ple’s House this day be for Your great-er honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I object 
to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. S TEFANIK ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. STEFANIK led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. EXPRESSING GRATITUDE TO THE 
REAGAN SISTERS 
(Mr. WOMACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, they say 
that great things come in small pack-ages, and that could not be more true of the Reagan sisters of Rogers, Arkan-sas. I rise today in gratitude to them. 
Agnes Lytton, Mary Sue, and Betty 
Lynn Reagan were born and raised in northwest Arkansas and attended the University of Arkansas-Fayetteville. 
While Agnes Lytton left Arkansas to 
pursue a career in library science, Mary Sue and Betty Lynn, who stood about 5 feet tall, were giants in the classroom, spending a combined 94 years teaching history and government to students in the Rogers School Dis-trict. 
Throughout their distinguished ca-
reers, both were decorated with count-less awards and accolades, and in 1989 the city of Rogers named its newest school Reagan Elementary as a token of our appreciation for their dedication to our students and their faithful sup-port of the community. As their former mayor, I can attest to both. 
Although these most respected mem-
bers of our community have passed on, they won’t soon be forgotten, and now their legacies will live on at the U of A, as it was announced on Monday that the sisters, in a final tribute to north-west Arkansas education, designated a $1.2 million estate gift to support the libraries of their alma mater. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.000 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5034 July 10, 2015 
I can say without hesitation that the 
Reagan sisters made northwest Arkan-sas a better place, and for that, we are eternally grateful. 
f 
THE CONFEDERATE FLAG 
(Mr. NADLER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, we 
must not display the Confederate bat-tle flag in any Federal park or ceme-tery or building. The Confederate flag represents racism, slavery, and trea-son, waging war against the United States, killing American soldiers. 
We are told it represents the South-
ern heritage. It does represent part of the Southern, of the American herit-age, a shameful part: the defense of slavery, of owning people body and soul, of the doctrine of racial superi-ority, and the practice of racial oppres-sion. 
Other countries and peoples have 
shameful parts of their heritages. Ger-many, for example, has a Nazi heritage. The Germans are properly ashamed of it. They prohibit, by law, the display of Nazi imagery. The First Amendment won’t let us go that far, but we should not honor the shameful parts of our history. 
As we continue the ongoing struggle 
to eradicate racism from American life, we must no longer honor racism and treason by allowing the Confed-erate flag on any Federal property. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES INITIATIVE 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, the 21st Century Cures initiative has a lot of positive measures to help medical innovation reach its full potential. I would like to focus on just one of the many reasons to support this legislation. 
I had the pleasure of meeting with 
the family of Garrett Coyne, staunch advocates for cures for rare diseases. Garrett is a 5-year-old resident of Gil-bertsville, who 10 months ago was diag-nosed with a rare neurodegenerative disorder often called Batten disease. Garrett was born and developed nor-mally, but since September the disease has left him legally blind and has greatly weakened his physical and mental abilities. Unfortunately, Batten disease presently has no treatment, no cure, and is not preventable. 
While the road ahead for Garrett and 
his family is daunting, there is hope. It is because of provisions in the 21st Cen-tury bill that researchers will have the tools to work toward developing med-ical advancement for Batten disease. 
By modernizing medical innovation 
and increasing NIH funding, a more promising future for patients, families, and innovators is in front of us. I am supporting the 21st Century Cures bill for many reasons, but the main one is 
this effort to help children, like 5-year- old Garrett and other constituents in my district who are challenged daily with the struggles of a rare disease. I encourage my colleagues to join me. 
f 
THE CONFEDERATE FLAG BE-
LONGS IN THE ASHBIN OF HIS-TORY 
(Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to con-demn House Republicans’ secretive at-tempt in the dead of Wednesday night to permit the display of the racist Con-federate flag in national parks and cemeteries. 
In the wake of the Charleston mur-
ders, our Nation is moving toward the removal of the flag from public places. Later today, the State of South Caro-lina will remove the flag from its cap-itol grounds. And yet, while this is happening, the Republican majority has sought to associate itself and this body with the racist legacy of the Con-federate flag. 
To add insult to injury, yesterday, 
when House Democrats tried to bring up a resolution removing any State flag displaying the Confederate battle flag from the Capitol except in very limited circumstances, the majority turned their backs and ignored the cries of millions of Americans who are calling for its permanent ban. 
Republican leadership ought to be 
ashamed for associating themselves with this symbol of racism, hatred, and intolerance. This body should move swiftly to relegate the Confederate flag to museums and the ashbin of history. 
f 
BASIN AND RANGE NATIONAL 
MONUMENT 
(Mr. HARDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HARDY. Madam Speaker, what 
were you doing last night at midnight? If you were like me and most Ameri-cans, you were probably asleep. 
But last night, while America was 
sleeping, the White House was busy. The White House was busy notifying the public, literally in the dark of the night, about the President’s intentions to designate more than 700,000 acres of Lincoln and Nye Counties as the Basin and Range National Monument. 
Madam Speaker, at 2 p.m. this after-
noon, you won’t see a debate on the floor of the House, the people’s House, on the Basin and Range Monument. There will be no vote for Nevada’s elected representatives, but there will be a photo op to capture the exchange of political favor for one Nevadan. It will be a scene demonstrating that hav-ing friends in high places is more im-portant than popular will of the people. But legacy building in the twilight of 
one’s career shouldn’t be the driver for our Nation’s public lands. According to press reports, it is said when asked about the heartfelt concerns of Nevad-ans who oppose the monument, the President responded: ‘‘I don’t care. I want this done.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I do care. 
f 
LONG-TERM FUNDING WILL HELP 
THE NATION 
(Mr. TED LIEU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Madam 
Speaker, when it comes to the highway trust fund, it feels like the movie ‘‘Groundhog Day’’ over and over again, where once again we are faced with the expiration of this important fund. 
We know from a recent Department 
of Transportation report that 54 per-cent of our roads and highways are deemed to be poor, one in four bridges are structurally deficient, and we need to fund this highway trust fund at its full capacity, and we need to do it on a long-term basis. We can’t continue to do it on a short-term basis. It is not helpful to our State and local govern-ments. We can’t get projects off the ground. 
I request that the Republican major-
ity put a bill on the floor that funds the highway trust fund on a long-term basis. And we know that this will help our Nation, because for every dollar we invest in infrastructure, we get over $2 back in economic output. 
f 
MILITARY REDUCTIONS SEND THE 
WORST POSSIBLE MESSAGE TO OUR ADVERSARIES 
(Mr. CARTER of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I have long opposed reduc-tions in our military, and I continue to believe that our Nation should main-tain a robust land force. The announce-ment to reduce the Army by 40,000 troops sends the worst possible mes-sage to our Nation’s adversaries. Cuts that extend into heavy armored com-bat units go even further to weaken our national defense and put us at risk. 
I am especially disappointed about 
the Army’s plan to cut so heavily from Fort Hood and the State of Texas. The Army’s decision to implement a rough-ly 9 percent reduction at the Great Place is outrageous. I have serious con-cerns about the logic and analysis that went into this decision to reduce so many troops from Texas. 
Perhaps the most sickening part of 
the whole matter, however, is the dam-age these cuts will do to the soldiers and their families who will be asked to leave the Army after decades of sac-rifice in time of war. In the coming days, I will be pressing the Army for clarification on their analysis and jus-tification for their decisions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.002 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5035 July 10, 2015 
This Nation can do better. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. NORCROSS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NORCROSS. Madam Speaker, 
here we are once again. I rise to ask my colleagues to pass a long-term—a long-term—reauthorization to the highway trust fund before it crashes into a dead end, to the very worst that can happen to America. 
This is about the dysfunction of 
Washington. It is what everybody de-tests: the lack of predictability; we will just kick the can down the road a little bit further. This is exactly what hurts our economy. Nobody can plan for what is going to happen in the next few months, let alone the next few years. 
This is our country. Don’t shut it 
down. Don’t put a sign that says, ‘‘Closed due to lack of construction.’’ 
This is killing our economy. This is 
killing jobs in America, and I ask for us to pass a long-term bill. I know in Washington long term might seem a day or two. We are just asking for 6 years, to give predictability so our highways are the best that they can be, that we can have our commerce. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, yesterday, Committee on Foreign Affairs Chairman E
D 
ROYCE , with Ranking Member E LIOT 
ENGEL , conducted an informative hear-
ing on the implications of the nuclear agreement with Iran. 
The witnesses who provided enlight-
ening testimony were the Honorable Stephen Rademaker, Dr. Michael Doran, Dr. Michael Makovsky, and Dr. Kenneth Pollack. Their varying opin-ions confirm my concerns, as expressed in a July 6 editorial from The Wash-ington Post: 
‘‘If it is reached in the coming days, 
a nuclear deal with Iran will be, at best, an unsatisfying and risky com-promise. Iran’s emergence as a thresh-old nuclear power, with the ability to produce a weapon quickly, will not be prevented; it will be postponed by 10 to 15 years. In exchange, Tehran will reap hundreds of billions of dollars in sanc-tions relief it can use to revive its economy and fund the wars it is waging around the Middle East.’’ 
The President needs to change course 
and recognize that moral relativism is dangerous with opponents who promote ‘‘Death to America, Death to Israel.’’ The President can avoid a legacy of fa-natics with nuclear warheads on ICBMs targeting American families. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. b0915 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Speaker, 
we are less than 3 weeks away from the expiration of the national highway trust fund, and we are, once again, talking about another extension. 
The Michigan Infrastructure and 
Transportation Association estimates that Congress’ failure to come up with a long-term plan has cost State of Michigan taxpayers more than $350 million. We have ample time and mul-tiple plans to fix this problem. Which plan do you like? 
We need to get to work. What about 
the Department of Transportation’s GROW America Act, which raises $478 billion over 6 years? Or Michigan’s Get-ting Beyond Gridlock plan that raises $410 billion over 6 years? 
Republicans don’t want to raise 
taxes. Democrats don’t want to hurt the middle class or the lower-income families, but we must make those choices. We must take the vote, and we must keep our promise to America to fix our infrastructure. It is time to act. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material therein on H.R. 6. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Michi-gan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 350 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6. 
Will the gentlewoman from North 
Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) kindly retake the 
chair. 
b0916 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, develop-ment, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes, with Ms. F
OXX(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, July 9, 2015, all time for general debate had expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, printed in the bill, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-
sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–22 is adopted. 
The bill, as amended, shall be consid-
ered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 6 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. NIH and Cures Innovation Fund. 
TITLE I—DISCOVERY 
Subtitle A—National Institutes of Health 
Funding 
Sec. 1001. National Institutes of Health reau-
thorization. 
Subtitle B—National Institutes of Health 
Planning and Administration 
Sec. 1021. NIH research strategic plan. 
Sec. 1022. Increasing accountability at the Na-
tional Institutes of Health. 
Sec. 1023. Reducing administrative burdens of 
researchers. 
Sec. 1024. Exemption for the National Institutes 
of Health from the Paperwork Re-duction Act requirements. 
Sec. 1025. NIH travel. Sec. 1026. Other transactions authority. Sec. 1027. NCATS phase IIB restriction. 
Sec. 1028. High-risk, high-reward research. Sec. 1029. Sense of Congress on increased inclu-
sion of underrepresented commu-nities in clinical trials. 
Subtitle C—Supporting Young Emerging 
Scientists 
Sec. 1041. Improvement of loan repayment pro-
grams of the National Institutes of Health. 
Sec. 1042. Report. 
Subtitle D—Capstone Grant Program 
Sec. 1061. Capstone award. 
Subtitle E—Promoting Pediatric Research 
Through the National Institutes of Health 
Sec. 1081. National pediatric research network. 
Sec. 1082. Global pediatric clinical study net-
work sense of Congress. 
Sec. 1083. Appropriate age groupings in clinical 
research. 
Subtitle F—Advancement of the National 
Institutes of Health Research and Data Access 
Sec. 1101. Standardization of data in Clinical 
Trial Registry Data Bank on eli-gibility for clinical trials. 
Subtitle G—Facilitating Collaborative Research 
Sec. 1121. Clinical trial data system. 
Sec. 1122. National neurological diseases sur-
veillance system. 
Sec. 1123. Data on natural history of diseases. Sec. 1124. Accessing, sharing, and using health 
data for research purposes. 
Subtitle H—Council for 21st Century Cures 
Sec. 1141. Council for 21st Century Cures. 
TITLE II—DEVELOPMENT 
Subtitle A—Patient-Focused Drug Development 
Sec. 2001. Development and use of patient expe-
rience data to enhance structured risk-benefit assessment frame-work. 
Subtitle B—Qualification and Use of Drug 
Development Tools 
Sec. 2021. Qualification of drug development 
tools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.004 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5036 July 10, 2015 
Sec. 2022. Accelerated approval development 
plan. 
Subtitle C—FDA Advancement of Precision 
Medicine 
Sec. 2041. Precision medicine guidance and 
other programs of Food and Drug Administration. 
Subtitle D—Modern Trial Design and Evidence 
Development 
Sec. 2061. Broader application of Bayesian sta-
tistics and adaptive trial designs. 
Sec. 2062. Utilizing evidence from clinical expe-
rience. 
Sec. 2063. Streamlined data review program. 
Subtitle E—Expediting Patient Access 
Sec. 2081. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 2082. Expanded access policy. Sec. 2083. Finalizing draft guidance on ex-
panded access. 
Subtitle F—Facilitating Responsible 
Manufacturer Communications 
Sec. 2101. Facilitating dissemination of health 
care economic information. 
Sec. 2102. Facilitating responsible communica-
tion of scientific and medical de-velopments. 
Subtitle G—Antibiotic Drug Development 
Sec. 2121. Approval of certain drugs for use in a 
limited population of patients. 
Sec. 2122. Susceptibility test interpretive criteria 
for microorganisms. 
Sec. 2123. Encouraging the development and 
use of DISARM drugs. 
Subtitle H—Vaccine Access, Certainty, and 
Innovation 
Sec. 2141. Timely review of vaccines by the Ad-
visory Committee on Immuniza-tion Practices. 
Sec. 2142. Review of processes and consistency 
of ACIP recommendations. 
Sec. 2143. Meetings between CDC and vaccine 
developers. 
Subtitle I—Orphan Product Extensions Now; In-
centives for Certain Products for Limited Pop-ulations 
Sec. 2151. Extension of exclusivity periods for a 
drug approved for a new indica-tion for a rare disease or condi-tion. 
Sec. 2152. Reauthorization of rare pediatric dis-
ease priority review voucher in-centive program. 
Subtitle J—Domestic Manufacturing and Export 
Efficiencies 
Sec. 2161. Grants for studying the process of 
continuous drug manufacturing. 
Sec. 2162. Re-exportation among members of the 
European Economic Area. 
Subtitle K—Enhancing Combination Products 
Review 
Sec. 2181. Enhancing combination products re-
view. 
Subtitle L—Priority Review for Breakthrough 
Devices 
Sec. 2201. Priority review for breakthrough de-
vices. 
Subtitle M—Medical Device Regulatory Process 
Improvements 
Sec. 2221. Third-party quality system assess-
ment. 
Sec. 2222. Valid scientific evidence. Sec. 2223. Training and oversight in least bur-
densome appropriate means con-cept. 
Sec. 2224. Recognition of standards. Sec. 2225. Easing regulatory burden with re-
spect to certain class I and class II devices. 
Sec. 2226. Advisory committee process. Sec. 2227. Humanitarian device exemption ap-
plication. 
Sec. 2228. CLIA waiver study design guidance 
for in vitro diagnostics. Subtitle N—Sensible Oversight for Technology 
Which Advances Regulatory Efficiency 
Sec. 2241. Health software. 
Sec. 2242. Applicability and inapplicability of 
regulation. 
Sec. 2243. Exclusion from definition of device. 
Subtitle O—Streamlining Clinical Trials 
Sec. 2261. Protection of human subjects in re-
search; applicability of rules. 
Sec. 2262. Use of non-local institutional review 
boards for review of investiga-tional device exemptions and human device exemptions. 
Sec. 2263. Alteration or waiver of informed con-
sent for clinical investigations. 
Subtitle P—Improving Scientific Expertise and 
Outreach at FDA 
Sec. 2281. Silvio O. Conte Senior Biomedical Re-
search Service. 
Sec. 2282. Enabling FDA scientific engagement. 
Sec. 2283. Reagan-Udall Foundation for the 
Food and Drug Administration. 
Sec. 2284. Collection of certain voluntary infor-
mation exempted from Paperwork Reduction Act. 
Sec. 2285. Hiring authority for scientific, tech-
nical, and professional personnel. 
Subtitle Q—Exempting From Sequestration 
Certain User Fees 
Sec. 2301. Exempting from sequestration certain 
user fees of Food and Drug Ad-ministration. 
TITLE III—DELIVERY 
Subtitle A—Interoperability 
Sec. 3001. Ensuring interoperability of health 
information technology. 
Subtitle B—Telehealth 
Sec. 3021. Telehealth services under the Medi-
care program. 
Subtitle C—Encouraging Continuing Medical 
Education for Physicians 
Sec. 3041. Exempting from manufacturer trans-
parency reporting certain trans-fers used for educational pur-poses. 
Subtitle D—Disposable Medical Technologies 
Sec. 3061. Treatment of certain items and de-
vices. 
Subtitle E—Local Coverage Decision Reforms 
Sec. 3081. Improvements in the Medicare local 
coverage determination (LCD) process. 
Subtitle F—Medicare Pharmaceutical and 
Technology Ombudsman 
Sec. 3101. Medicare pharmaceutical and tech-
nology ombudsman. 
Subtitle G—Medicare Site-of-Service Price 
Transparency 
Sec. 3121. Medicare site-of-Service price trans-
parency. 
Subtitle H—Medicare Part D Patient Safety and 
Drug Abuse Prevention 
Sec. 3141. Programs to prevent prescription 
drug abuse under Medicare parts C and D. 
TITLE IV—MEDICAID, MEDICARE, AND 
OTHER REFORMS 
Subtitle A—Medicaid and Medicare Reforms 
Sec. 4001. Limiting Federal Medicaid reimburse-
ment to States for durable medical equipment (DME) to Medicare payment rates. 
Sec. 4002. Excluding authorized generics from 
calculation of average manufac-turer price. 
Sec. 4003. Medicare payment incentive for the 
transition from traditional x-ray imaging to digital radiography and other Medicare imaging pay-ment provision. 
Sec. 4004. Treatment of infusion drugs fur-
nished through durable medical equipment. Sec. 4005. Extension and expansion of prior au-
thorization for power mobility de-vices (PMDs) and accessories and prior authorization audit limita-tions. 
Sec. 4006. Civil monetary penalties for viola-
tions related to grants, contracts, and other agreements. 
Subtitle B—Other Reforms 
Sec. 4041. SPR drawdown. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
Sec. 4061. Lyme disease and other tick-borne 
diseases. 
SEC. 2. NIH AND CURES INNOVATION FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-
lished in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the NIH and Cures Innova-tion Fund. 
(b) A
MOUNTS MADEAVAILABLE TO FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be ap-
propriated, and appropriated, to the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $1,860,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. The amounts appropriated to the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund by the pre-ceding sentence shall be in addition to any amounts otherwise made available to the De-partment of Health and Human Services. 
(2) A
LLOCATION OF AMOUNTS .—Of the 
amounts made available from the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund for a fiscal year— 
(A) $1,750,000,000 shall be for biomedical re-
search of the National Institutes of Health under subsection (c)(1), of which— 
(i) not less than $500,000,000 shall be for the 
Accelerating Advancement Program under sub-section (d)(2); 
(ii) not less than 35 percent of such amounts 
remaining after subtracting the allocation for the Accelerating Advancement Program shall be for early stage investigators as defined in sub-section (g); 
(iii) not less than 20 percent of such amounts 
remaining after subtracting the allocation for the Accelerating Advancement Program shall be for high-risk, high-reward research under sec-tion 409K of the Public Health Service Act, as added by section 1028; and 
(iv) not more than 10 percent of such amounts 
(without subtracting the allocation for the Ac-celerating Advancement Program) shall be for intramural research; and 
(B) $110,000,000 shall be for carrying out the 
provisions listed in subsection (c)(2). 
(3) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
Amounts in the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund (including amounts made available to the National Institutes of Health) shall not be sub-ject to— 
(A) any transfer authority of the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services or the Director of the National Institutes of Health under sections 241, 402A(c), or 402A(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 238j, 282a(c) and (d)) or any other provision of law (other than this sec-tion); or 
(B) the Nonrecurring expenses fund under 
section 223 of division G of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2008 (42 U.S.C. 3514a). 
(c) A
UTHORIZED USES.— 
(1) NIH BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH .—Amounts in 
the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund that are allocated pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(A) may only be used for the purpose of conducting or supporting biomedical research (including basic, translational, and clinical research) through the following: 
(A) Research in which— (i) a principal investigator has a specific 
project or specific objectives; and 
(ii) funding is tied to pursuit of such project 
or objectives. 
(B) Research in which— (i) a principal investigator has shown promise 
in biomedical research; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5037 July 10, 2015 
(ii) funding is not tied to a specific project or 
specific objectives. 
(C) Research to be carried out by an early 
stage investigator (as defined in subsection (g)). 
(D) Research to be carried out by a small busi-
ness concern (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act). 
(E) The Accelerating Advancement Program 
under subsection (d)(2). 
(F) Development and implementation of the 
strategic plan under subsection (d)(3). 
(2) C
URES DEVELOPMENT .—Amounts in the 
NIH and Cures Innovation Fund that are allo-cated pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(B) may only be used for the purpose of carrying out the fol-lowing provisions: 
(A) Section 229A of the Public Health Service 
Act, as added by section 1123 (relating to data on natural history of diseases). 
(B) Section 2001 and the amendments made by 
such section (relating to development and use of patient experience data to enhance structured risk-benefit assessment framework). 
(C) Section 2021 and the amendments made by 
such section (relating to qualification of drug development tools). 
(D) Section 2062 and the amendments made by 
such section (relating to utilizing evidence from clinical experience). 
(E) Section 2161 (relating to grants for study-
ing the process of continuous drug manufac-turing). 
(F) Section 2201 and the amendments made by 
such section (relating to priority review for breakthrough devices). 
(G) Section 2221 and the amendments made by 
such section (relating to third-party quality sys-tem assessments). 
(H) Sections 2241, 2242, and 2243 and the 
amendments made by such sections (relating to health software). 
(I) Section 513(j) of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 2223 (re-lating to training and oversight in least burden-some appropriate means concept). 
(d) NIH I
NNOVATION FUND.— 
(1) C OORDINATION .—In conducting or sup-
porting biomedical research pursuant to funds allocated pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(A), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall— 
(A) ensure coordination among the national 
research institutes, the national centers, and other departments, agencies, and offices of the Federal Government; and 
(B) minimize unnecessary duplication. (2) A
CCELERATING ADVANCEMENT PROGRAM .— 
The Director of the National Institutes of Health shall establish a program, to be known as the Accelerating Advancement Program, under which— 
(A) the Director partners with national re-
search institutes and national centers to accom-plish important biomedical research objectives; and 
(B) for every $1 made available by the Direc-
tor to a national research institute or national center for a research project, the institute or center makes $1 available for such project from funds that are not derived from the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund. 
(3) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the National 
Institutes of Health shall ensure that scientif-ically based strategic planning is implemented in support of research priorities, including through development, use, and updating of a research strategic plan that— 
(i) is designed to increase the efficient and ef-
fective focus of biomedical research in a manner that leverages the best scientific opportunities through a deliberative planning process; 
(ii) identifies areas, to be known as strategic 
focus areas, in which the resources of the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund can contribute to the goals of expanding knowledge to address, and find more effective treatments for, unmet medical needs in the United States, including 
the areas of— 
(I) biomarkers; (II) precision medicine; (III) infectious diseases, including pathogens 
listed as a qualifying pathogen under section 505E(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or listed or designated as a tropical disease under section 524 of such Act; and 
(IV) antibiotics; (iii) includes objectives for each such strategic 
focus area; and 
(iv) ensures that basic research remains a pri-
ority. 
(B) U
PDATES AND REVIEWS .—The Director of 
the National Institutes of Health shall review and, as appropriate, update the research stra-tegic plan under subparagraph (A) not less than every 18 months. 
(e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—The Committee on 
Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives may provide for the transfer of funds in the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund for the purposes specified in subsection (c). 
(f) S
UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT ; L IMITA -
TIONS .—Funds appropriated by subsection (b)— 
(1) shall be used to supplement, not supplant, 
amounts otherwise made available to the De-partment of Health and Human Services; 
(2) are subject to the requirements and limita-
tions of the most recently enacted regular or full-year continuing appropriation Act or reso-lution (as of the date of obligation) for programs of the National Institutes of Health or the Food and Drug Administration, as applicable; and 
(3) notwithstanding any transfer authority in 
any appropriation Act, shall not be used for any purpose other than the purposes specified in subsection (c). 
(g) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection: 
(1) The term ‘‘early stage investigator’’ means 
an investigator who— 
(A) will be the principal investigator or the 
program director of the proposed research; 
(B) has never been awarded, or has been 
awarded only once, a substantial, competing grant by the National Institutes of Health for independent research; and 
(C) is within 10 years of having completed— (i) the investigator’s terminal degree; or (ii) a medical residency (or the equivalent). (2) The terms ‘‘national center’’ and ‘‘na-
tional research institute’’ have the meanings given to those terms in section 401(g) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 281(g)). 
TITLE I—DISCOVERY 
Subtitle A—National Institutes of Health 
Funding 
SEC. 1001. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH RE-
AUTHORIZATION. 
Section 402A(a)(1) of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 282a(a)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking at the 
end ‘‘and’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking at the end 
the period and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(D) $31,811,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(E) $33,331,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(F) $34,851,000,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’. 
Subtitle B—National Institutes of Health 
Planning and Administration 
SEC. 1021. NIH RESEARCH STRATEGIC PLAN. 
Section 402 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 282) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph 
(5) to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) shall ensure that scientifically based stra-
tegic planning is implemented in support of re-search priorities as determined by the agencies of the National Institutes of Health, including through development, use, and updating of the research strategic plan under subsection (m);’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) R
ESEARCH STRATEGIC PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) F IVE-YEAR PLANS FOR BIOMEDICAL RE -
SEARCH STRATEGY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For each successive five- 
year period beginning with the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Director of NIH, in consultation with the entities described in sub-paragraph (B), shall develop and maintain a biomedical research strategic plan that— 
‘‘(i) is designed to increase the efficient and 
effective focus of biomedical research in a man-ner that leverages the best scientific opportuni-ties through a deliberative planning process; 
‘‘(ii) identifies areas, to be known as strategic 
focus areas, in which the resources of the Na-tional Institutes of Health can best contribute to the goal of expanding knowledge on human health in the United States through biomedical research; and 
‘‘(iii) includes objectives for each such stra-
tegic focus area. 
‘‘(B) E
NTITIES DESCRIBED .—The entities de-
scribed in this subparagraph are the directors of the national research institutes and national centers, researchers, patient advocacy groups, and industry leaders. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF PLAN .—The Director of NIH and 
the directors of the national research institutes 
and national centers shall use the strategic plan— 
‘‘(A) to identify research opportunities; and ‘‘(B) to develop individual strategic plans for 
the research activities of each of the national research institutes and national centers that— 
‘‘(i) have a common template; and ‘‘(ii) identify strategic focus areas in which 
the resources of the national research institutes and national centers can best contribute to the goal of expanding knowledge on human health in the United States through biomedical re-search. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS OF PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) S TRATEGIC FOCUS AREAS .—The strategic 
focus areas identified pursuant to paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall— 
‘‘(i) be identified in a manner that— ‘‘(I) considers the return on investment to the 
United States public through the investments of the National Institutes of Health in biomedical research; and 
‘‘(II) contributes to expanding knowledge to 
improve the United States public’s health through biomedical research; and 
‘‘(ii) include overarching and trans-National 
Institutes of Health strategic focus areas, to be known as Mission Priority Focus Areas, which best serve the goals of preventing or eliminating the burden of a disease or condition and sci-entifically merit enhanced and focused research over the next 5 years. 
‘‘(B) R
ARE AND PEDIATRIC DISEASES AND CON -
DITIONS .—In developing and maintaining a stra-
tegic plan under this subsection, the Director of NIH shall ensure that rare and pediatric dis-eases and conditions remain a priority. 
‘‘(C) W
ORKFORCE .—In developing and main-
taining a strategic plan under this subsection, the Director of NIH shall ensure that maintain-ing the biomedical workforce of the future, in-cluding the participation by scientists from groups traditionally underrepresented in the sci-entific workforce, remains a priority. 
‘‘(4) I
NITIAL PLAN .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Director of NIH and the directors of the na-tional research institutes and national centers shall— 
‘‘(A) complete the initial strategic plan re-
quired by paragraphs (1) and (2); and 
‘‘(B) make such initial strategic plan publicly 
available on the website of the National Insti-tutes of Health. 
‘‘(5) R
EVIEW ; UPDATES .— 
‘‘(A) P ROGRESS REVIEWS .—Not less than annu-
ally, the Director of NIH, in consultation with the directors of the national research institutes and national centers, shall conduct progress re-views for each strategic focus area identified under paragraph (1)(A)(ii). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5038 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(B) U PDATES .—Not later than the end of the 
5-year period covered by the initial strategic plan under this subsection, and every 5 years thereafter, the Director of NIH, in consultation with the directors of the national research insti-tutes and national centers, stakeholders in the scientific field, advocates, and the public at large, shall— 
‘‘(i) conduct a review of the plan, including 
each strategic focus area identified under para-graph (2)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) update such plan in accordance with this 
section.’’. 
SEC. 1022. INCREASING ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT AND TERMS OF DIRECTORS  
OFNATIONAL RESEARCH INSTITUTES AND NA-
TIONAL CENTERS .—Subsection (a) of section 405 
of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
PPOINT -
MENT ; TERMS .— 
‘‘(1) A PPOINTMENT .—The Director of the Na-
tional Cancer Institute shall be appointed by the President and the directors of the other na-tional research institutes, as well as the direc-tors of the national centers, shall be appointed by the Director of NIH. The directors of the na-tional research institutes, as well as national centers, shall report directly to the Director of NIH. 
‘‘(2) T
ERMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term of office of a di-
rector of a national research institute or na-tional center shall be 5 years. 
‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL .—The director of a national 
research institute or national center may be re-moved from office by the Director of NIH prior to the expiration of such director’s 5-year term. 
‘‘(C) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—At the end of the term 
of a director of a national research institute or national center, the director may be re-appointed. There is no limit on the number of terms a director may serve. 
‘‘(D) V
ACANCIES .—If the office of a director of 
a national research institute or national center becomes vacant before the end of such director’s term, the director appointed to fill the vacancy shall be appointed for a 5-year term starting on the date of such appointment. 
‘‘(E) T
RANSITIONAL PROVISION .—Each director 
of a national research institute or national cen-ter serving on the date of enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act is deemed to be appointed for a 5-year term under this subsection starting on such date of enactment.’’. 
(b) C
OMPENSATION TO CONSULTANTS OR INDI-
VIDUAL SCIENTISTS .—Section 202 of the Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–394; 42 U.S.C. 238f note) is amended by striking ‘‘port-able structures;’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘portable structures.’’. 
(c) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN AWARDS BY DIREC-
TORS.—Section 405(b) of the Public Health Serv-
ice Act (42 U.S.C. 284(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) Before an award is made by a national 
research institute or by a national center for a grant for a research program or project (com-monly referred to as an ‘R-series grant’), other than an award constituting a noncompeting re-newal of such grant, or a noncompeting admin-istrative supplement to such grant, the director of such national research institute or national center— 
‘‘(A) shall review and approve the award; and ‘‘(B) shall take into consideration— ‘‘(i) the mission of the national research insti-
tute or national center and the scientific prior-ities identified in the strategic plan under sec-tion 402(m); and 
‘‘(ii) whether other agencies are funding pro-
grams or projects to accomplish the same goal.’’. 
(d) IOM S
TUDY ON DUPLICATION IN FEDERAL  
BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH .—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services shall enter into an arrangement with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies (or, if the Institute de-
clines, another appropriate entity) under which the Institute (or other appropriate entity) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act will— 
(1) complete a study on the extent to which 
biomedical research conducted or supported by Federal agencies is duplicative; and 
(2) submit a report to the Congress on the re-
sults of such study, including recommendations on how to prevent such duplication. 
SEC. 1023. REDUCING ADMINISTRATIVE BURDENS 
OF RESEARCHERS. 
(a) P LANPREPARATION AND IMPLEMENTATION  
OFMEASURES TOREDUCE ADMINISTRATIVE BUR-
DENS.—The Director of the National Institutes 
of Health shall prepare a plan, including time frames, and implement measures to reduce the administrative burdens of researchers funded by the National Institutes of Health, taking into account the recommendations, evaluations, and plans researched by the following entities: 
(1) The Scientific Management Review Board. (2) The National Academy of Sciences. 
(3) The 2007 and 2012 Faculty Burden Survey 
conducted by The Federal Demonstration Part-nership. 
(4) Relevant recommendations from the Re-
search Business Models Working Group. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institutes of Health shall submit to Congress a report on the extent to which the Director has implemented measures pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 1024. EXEMPTION FOR THE NATIONAL INSTI-
TUTES OF HEALTH FROM THE PA-PERWORK REDUCTION ACT RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 3518(c)(1) of title 44, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) during the conduct of research by the 
National Institutes of Health.’’. 
SEC. 1025. NIH TRAVEL. 
It is the sense of Congress that participation 
in or sponsorship of scientific conferences and meetings is essential to the mission of the Na-tional Institutes of Health. 
SEC. 1026. OTHER TRANSACTIONS AUTHORITY. 
Section 480 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 287a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the appro-
priation of funds as described in subsection (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘the availability of funds as de-scribed in subsection (f)’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(3), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) O
THER TRANSACTIONS AUTHORITY .—The 
Director of the Center shall have other trans-actions authority in entering into transactions to fund projects in accordance with the terms and conditions of this section.’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (f); and (4) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
SEC. 1027. NCATS PHASE IIB RESTRICTION. 
Section 479 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 287) is amended— 
(1) prior to making the amendments under 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘IIB’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘III’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘IIA’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘IIB’’. 
SEC. 1028. HIGH-RISK, HIGH-REWARD RESEARCH. 
Part B of title IV of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 284 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 409K. HIGH-RISK, HIGH-REWARD RESEARCH 
PROGRAM. 
‘‘The director of each national research insti-
tute shall, as appropriate— ‘‘(1) establish programs to conduct or support 
research projects that pursue innovative ap-proaches to major contemporary challenges in biomedical research that involve inherent high risk, but have the potential to lead to break-throughs; and 
‘‘(2) set aside a specific percentage of funding, 
to be determined by the Director of NIH for each national research institute, for such projects.’’. 
SEC. 1029. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INCREASED 
INCLUSION OF UNDERREP-RESENTED COMMUNITIES IN CLIN-ICAL TRIALS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the National 
Institute on Minority Health and Health Dis-parities (NIMHD) should include within its stra-tegic plan ways to increase representation of underrepresented communities in clinical trials. 
Subtitle C—Supporting Young Emerging 
Scientists 
SEC. 1041. IMPROVEMENT OF LOAN REPAYMENT 
PROGRAMS OF THE NATIONAL INSTI-TUTES OF HEALTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part G of title IV of the 
Public Health Service (42 U.S.C. 288 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating the second section 487F 
(42 U.S.C. 288–6; relating to pediatric research loan repayment program) as section 487G; and 
(2) by inserting after section 487G, as so redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 487H. LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a program, based on workforce and sci-entific needs, of entering into contracts with qualified health professionals under which such health professionals agree to engage in research in consideration of the Federal Government agreeing to pay, for each year of engaging in such research, not more than $50,000 of the prin-cipal and interest of the educational loans of such health professionals. 
‘‘(b) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Beginning 
with respect to fiscal year 2017, the Secretary may increase the maximum amount specified in subsection (a) by an amount that is determined by the Secretary, on an annual basis, to reflect inflation. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not 
enter into a contract with a health professional pursuant to subsection (a) unless such profes-sional has a substantial amount of educational loans relative to income. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
REGARDING OBLIGATED SERVICE .—Except to the 
extent inconsistent with this section, the provi-sions of sections 338B, 338C, and 338E shall apply to the program established under this sec-tion to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program estab-lished under section 338B. 
‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Amounts appropriated for a fiscal year for con-tracts under subsection (a) are authorized to re-main available until the expiration of the sec-ond fiscal year beginning after the fiscal year for which the amounts were appropriated.’’. 
(b) U
PDATE OF OTHER LOANREPAYMENT PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) Section 464z–5(a) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C.285t–2(a)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$50,000’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Subsection (b) of section 487H shall apply with respect to the maximum amount specified in this subsection in the same manner as it applies to the maximum amount specified in subsection (a) of such section.’’. 
(2) Section 487A(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 288– 
1(a)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$50,000’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Subsection (b) of section 487H shall apply with respect to the maximum amount 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5039 July 10, 2015 
specified in this subsection in the same manner 
as it applies to the maximum amount specified in subsection (a) of such section.’’. 
(3) Section 487B(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 288– 
2(a)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$50,000’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Subsection (b) of section 487H shall apply with respect to the maximum amount specified in this subsection in the same manner as it applies to the maximum amount specified in such subsection (a) of such section.’’. 
(4) Section 487C(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 
288–3(a)(1)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$50,000’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Subsection (b) of section 487H shall apply with respect to the maximum amount specified in this paragraph in the same manner as it applies to the maximum amount specified in such subsection (a) of such section.’’. 
(5) Section 487E(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 
288–5(a)(1)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$50,000’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Subsection (b) of section 487H shall apply with respect to the maximum amount specified in this paragraph in the same manner as it applies to the maximum amount specified in such subsection (a) of such section.’’. 
(6) Section 487F(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 288– 
5a(a)), as added by section 205 of Public Law 106–505, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$50,000’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Subsection (b) of section 487H shall apply with respect to the maximum amount specified in this subsection in the same manner as it applies to the maximum amount specified in such subsection (a) of such section.’’. 
(7) Section 487G of such Act (42 U.S.C. 288–6, 
as redesignated by subsection (a)(1)), is further amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the 
following new sentence: ‘‘Subsection (b) of sec-tion 487H shall apply with respect to the max-imum amount specified in subsection (a)(1) in the same manner as it applies to the maximum amount specified in such subsection (a) of such section.’’. 
SEC. 1042. REPORT. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the Na-tional Institutes of Health shall submit to Con-gress a report on efforts of the National Insti-tutes of Health to attract, retain, and develop emerging scientists. 
Subtitle D—Capstone Grant Program 
SEC. 1061. CAPSTONE AWARD. 
Part G of title IV of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 288 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 490. CAPSTONE AWARD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
awards (each of which, hereafter in this section, referred to as a ‘Capstone Award’) to support outstanding scientists who have been funded by the National Institutes of Health. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—Capstone Awards shall be 
made to facilitate the successful transition or conclusion of research programs, or for other purposes, as determined by the Director of NIH, in consultation with the directors of the na-tional research institutes and national centers. 
‘‘(c) D
URATION AND AMOUNT .—The duration 
and amount of each Capstone Award shall be determined by the Director of NIH in consulta-tion with the directors of the national research institutes and national centers. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—Individuals who have re-
ceived a Capstone Award shall not be eligible to have principle investigator status on subsequent 
awards from the National Institutes of Health.’’. 
Subtitle E—Promoting Pediatric Research 
Through the National Institutes of Health 
SEC. 1081. NATIONAL PEDIATRIC RESEARCH NET-
WORK. 
Section 409D(d) of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 284h(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘in consultation with the Di-
rector of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Develop-ment and in collaboration with other appro-priate national research institutes and national centers that carry out activities involving pedi-atric research’’ and inserting ‘‘in collaboration with the national research institutes and na-tional centers that carry out activities involving pediatric research’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (B); (C) by striking ‘‘may be comprised of, as ap-
propriate’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the pe-diatric research consortia’’ and inserting ‘‘may be comprised of, as appropriate, the pediatric re-search consortia’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting 
a period; and 
(2) in paragraph (1), paragraph (2)(A), the 
first sentence of paragraph (2)(E), and para-graph (4), by striking ‘‘may’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 1082. GLOBAL PEDIATRIC CLINICAL STUDY 
NETWORK SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the National Institutes of Health should 
encourage a global pediatric clinical study net-work through the allocation of grants, con-tracts, or cooperative agreements to supplement the salaries of new and early investigators who participate in the global pediatric clinical study network; 
(2) National Institutes of Health grants, con-
tracts, or cooperative agreements should be awarded, solely for the purpose of supplementing the salaries of new and early in-vestigators, to entities that participate in the global pediatric clinical study network; 
(3) the Food and Drug Administration should 
engage the European Medicines Agency and other foreign regulatory entities during the for-mation of the global pediatric clinical study net-work to encourage their participation; and 
(4) once a global pediatric clinical study net-
work is established and becomes operational, the Food and Drug Administration should continue to engage the European Medicines Agency and other foreign regulatory entities to encourage and facilitate their participation in the network with the goal of enhancing the global reach of the network. 
SEC. 1083. APPROPRIATE AGE GROUPINGS IN 
CLINICAL RESEARCH. 
(a) I NPUT FROM EXPERTS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institutes of Health shall convene a workshop of experts on pediat-rics and experts on geriatrics to provide input on— 
(1) appropriate age groupings to be included 
in research studies involving human subjects; and 
(2) acceptable scientific justifications for ex-
cluding participants from a range of age groups from human subjects research studies. 
(b) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 180 days after 
the conclusion of the workshop under sub-section (a), the Director of the National Insti-tutes of Health shall publish guidelines— 
(1) addressing the consideration of age as an 
inclusion variable in research involving human subjects; and 
(2) identifying criteria for justifications for 
any age-related exclusions in such research. 
(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF FINDINGS AND  
CONCLUSIONS .—The Director of the National In-
stitutes of Health shall— 
(1) make the findings and conclusions result-
ing from the workshop under subsection (a) available to the public on the website of the Na-
tional Institutes of Health; and 
(2) not less than biennially, disclose to the 
public on such website the number of children included in research that is conducted or sup-ported by the National Institutes of Health, disaggregated by developmentally appropriate age group, race, and gender. 
Subtitle F—Advancement of the National 
Institutes of Health Research and Data Access 
SEC. 1101. STANDARDIZATION OF DATA IN CLIN-
ICAL TRIAL REGISTRY DATA BANK ON ELIGIBILITY FOR CLINICAL TRIALS. 
(a) S TANDARDIZATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 402(j) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 282(j)) is amend-ed— 
(A) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (8); and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) S
TANDARDIZATION .—The Director of NIH 
shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that the registry and results data 
bank is easily used by the public; 
‘‘(B) ensure that entries in the registry and 
results data bank are easily compared; 
‘‘(C) ensure that information required to be 
submitted to the registry and results data bank, including recruitment information under para-graph (2)(A)(ii)(II), is submitted by persons and posted by the Director of NIH in a standardized format and includes at least— 
‘‘(i) the disease or indication being studied; ‘‘(ii) inclusion criteria such as age, gender, di-
agnosis or diagnoses, laboratory values, or im-aging results; and 
‘‘(iii) exclusion criteria such as specific diag-
nosis or diagnoses, laboratory values, or prohib-ited medications; and 
‘‘(D) to the extent possible, in carrying out 
this paragraph, make use of standard health care terminologies, such as the International Classification of Diseases or the Current Proce-dural Terminology, that facilitate electronic matching to data in electronic health records or other relevant health information tech-nologies.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Clause (iv) of 
section 402(j)(2)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 282(j)(2)(B)) is hereby stricken. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall con-sult with stakeholders (including patients, re-searchers, physicians, industry representatives, health information technology providers, the Food and Drug Administration, and standard setting organizations such as CDISC that have 
experience working with Federal agencies to standardize health data submissions) to receive advice on enhancements to the clinical trial reg-istry data bank under section 402(j) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 282(j)) (includ-ing enhancements to usability, functionality, and search capability) that are necessary to im-plement paragraph (7) of section 402(j) of such Act, as added by subsection (a). 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall begin implementation of paragraph (7) of section 402(j) of the Public Health Service Act, as added by subsection (a). 
Subtitle G—Facilitating Collaborative 
Research 
SEC. 1121. CLINICAL TRIAL DATA SYSTEM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs and the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall enter into a cooperative agree-ment, contract, or grant for a period of 7 years, to be known as the Clinical Trial Data System Agreement, with one or more eligible entities to implement a pilot program with respect to all clinical trial data obtained from qualified clin-ical trials for purposes of registered users con-ducting further research on such data. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5040 July 10, 2015 
(b) A PPLICATION .—Eligible entities seeking to 
enter into a cooperative agreement, contract, or grant with the Secretary under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application in such time and manner, and containing such informa-tion, as the Secretary may require in accordance with this section. The Secretary shall not enter into a cooperative agreement, contract, or grant under this section with an eligible entity unless such entity submits an application including the following: 
(1) A certification that the eligible entity is 
not currently and does not plan to be involved in sponsoring, operating, or participating in a 
clinical trial nor collaborating with another en-tity for the purposes of sponsoring, operating, or participating in a clinical trial. 
(2) Information demonstrating that the eligible 
entity can compile clinical trial data in stand-ardized formats using terminologies and stand-ards that have been developed by recognized standards developing organizations with input from diverse stakeholder groups, and informa-tion demonstrating that the eligible entity can de-identify clinical trial data consistent with the requirements of section 164.514 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regu-lations). 
(3) A description of the system the eligible en-
tity will use to store and maintain such data, and information demonstrating that this system will comply with applicable standards and re-quirements for ensuring the security of the clin-ical trial data. 
(4) A certification that the eligible entity will 
allow only registered users to access and use de- identified clinical trial data, gathered from qualified clinical trials, and that the eligible en-tity will allow each registered user to access and use such data only after such registered user agrees in writing to the terms described in (e)(4)(B), and such other carefully controlled contractual terms as may be defined by the Sec-retary. 
(5) Evidence demonstrating the ability of the 
eligible entity to ensure that registered users dis-seminate the results of the research conducted in accordance with this section to interested parties to serve as a guide to future medical product development or scientific research. 
(6) The plan of the eligible entity for securing 
funding for the activities it would conduct under the clinical trial data system agreement from governmental sources and private founda-tions, entities, and individuals. 
(7) Evidence demonstrating a proven track 
record of— 
(A) being a neutral third party in working 
with medical product manufacturers, academic institutions, and the Food and Drug Adminis-tration; and 
(B) having the ability to protect confidential 
data. 
(8) An agreement that the eligible entity will 
work with the Comptroller General of the United States for purposes of the study and re-port under subsection (d). 
(c) E
XTENSION , EXPANSION , TERMINATION .— 
The Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs and the Director of the Na-tional Institutes of Health, upon the expiration of the 7-year period referred to in subsection (a), may extend (including permanently), expand, or terminate the pilot program established under such subsection, in whole or in part. 
(d) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study and issue a report to the Congress and the Secretary with respect to the pilot program established under subsection (a), not later than 6 years after the date on which the pilot program is es-tablished under subsection (a). 
(2) S
TUDY .—The study under paragraph (1) 
shall— 
(A) review the effectiveness of the pilot pro-
gram established under subsection (a); and 
(B) be designed to formulate recommendations 
on improvements to the program. (3) R EPORT .—The report under paragraph (1) 
shall contain at least the following information: 
(A) The new discoveries, research inquiries, or 
clinical trials that have resulted from accessing clinical trial data under the pilot program estab-lished under subsection (a). 
(B) The number of times scientists have 
accessed such data, disaggregated by research area and clinical trial phase. 
(C) An analysis of whether the program has 
helped to reduce adverse events in clinical trials. 
(D) An analysis of whether scientists have 
raised any concerns about the burden of having to share data with the system established under the program and, if so, a description of such concerns. 
(E) An analysis of privacy and data integrity 
practices used in the program. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an entity 
that has experienced personnel with clinical and other technical expertise in the biomedical sciences and biomedical ethics and that is— 
(A) an institution of higher education (as 
such term is defined in section 1001 of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) or a consortium of such institutions; or 
(B) an organization described in section 
501(c)(3) of title 26 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such title. 
(2) The term ‘‘medical product’’ means a drug 
(as defined in section 201(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 331(g))), a device (as defined in section 201(h) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 331(h)), a biological product (as defined in section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262)), or any combination thereof. 
(3) The term ‘‘qualified clinical trial’’ means a 
clinical trial sponsored solely by an agency of the Department of Health and Human Services with respect to a medical product— 
(A) that— (i) was approved or cleared under section 505, 
510(k), or 515, or has an exemption for investiga-tional use in effect under section 505 or 520(m), of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or 
(ii) was licensed under section 351 of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) or has an exemption for investigational use in effect under such section 351; or 
(B) that is an investigational product for 
which the original development was discon-tinued and with respect to which— 
(i) no additional work to support approval, li-
censure, or clearance of such medical product is being or is planned to be undertaken by the sponsor of the original development program, its successors, assigns, or collaborators; and 
(ii) the sponsor of the original investigational 
development program has provided its consent to the Secretary for inclusion of data regarding such product in the system established under this section. 
(4) The term ‘‘registered user’’ means a sci-
entific or medical researcher who has— 
(A) a legitimate biomedical research purpose 
for accessing information from the clinical trials data system and has appropriate qualifications to conduct such research; and 
(B) agreed in writing not to transfer to any 
other person that is not a registered user de- identified clinical trial data from qualified clin-ical trials accessed through an eligible entity, use such data for reasons not specified in the re-search proposal, or seek to re-identify qualified clinical trial participants. 
(5) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services. 
SEC. 1122. NATIONAL NEUROLOGICAL DISEASES 
SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–6 SURVEILLANCE OF NEUROLOGICAL 
DISEASES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and in coordination 
with other agencies as determined appropriate by the Secretary, shall— 
‘‘(1) enhance and expand infrastructure and 
activities to track the epidemiology of neuro-logical diseases, including multiple sclerosis and Parkinson’s disease; and 
‘‘(2) incorporate information obtained through 
such activities into a statistically sound, sci-entifically credible, integrated surveillance sys-tem, to be known as the National Neurological Diseases Surveillance System. 
‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the National Neurological Diseases Surveil-lance System is designed in a manner that facili-tates further research on neurological diseases. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENT .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall provide for the collection and stor-
age of information on the incidence and preva-lence of neurological diseases in the United States; 
‘‘(2) to the extent practicable, shall provide for 
the collection and storage of other available in-formation on neurological diseases, such as in-formation concerning— 
‘‘(A) demographics and other information as-
sociated or possibly associated with neurological diseases, such as age, race, ethnicity, sex, geo-graphic location, and family history; 
‘‘(B) risk factors associated or possibly associ-
ated with neurological diseases, including ge-netic and environmental risk factors; and 
‘‘(C) diagnosis and progression markers; ‘‘(3) may provide for the collection and stor-
age of information relevant to analysis on neu-rological diseases, such as information con-cerning— 
‘‘(A) the epidemiology of the diseases; ‘‘(B) the natural history of the diseases; ‘‘(C) the prevention of the diseases; ‘‘(D) the detection, management, and treat-
ment approaches for the diseases; and 
‘‘(E) the development of outcomes measures; 
and 
‘‘(4) may address issues identified during the 
consultation process under subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall consult with individ-uals with appropriate expertise, including— 
‘‘(1) epidemiologists with experience in disease 
surveillance or registries; 
‘‘(2) representatives of national voluntary 
health associations that— 
‘‘(A) focus on neurological diseases, including 
multiple sclerosis and Parkinson’s disease; and 
‘‘(B) have demonstrated experience in re-
search, care, or patient services; 
‘‘(3) health information technology experts or 
other information management specialists; 
‘‘(4) clinicians with expertise in neurological 
diseases; and 
‘‘(5) research scientists with experience con-
ducting translational research or utilizing sur-veillance systems for scientific research pur-poses. 
‘‘(e) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may award 
grants to, or enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with, public or private nonprofit en-tities to carry out activities under this section. 
‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER FEDERAL , 
STATE, AND LOCAL AGENCIES .—Subject to sub-
section (h), the Secretary shall make informa-tion and analysis in the National Neurological Diseases Surveillance System available, as ap-propriate— 
‘‘(1) to Federal departments and agencies, 
such as the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and the Department of Defense; and 
‘‘(2) to State and local agencies. ‘‘(g) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Subject to subsection 
(h), the Secretary shall make information and analysis in the National Neurological Diseases Surveillance System available, as appropriate, to the public, including researchers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5041 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(h) P RIVACY .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that privacy and security protections applicable to the National Neurological Diseases Surveil-lance System are at least as stringent as the pri-vacy and security protections under HIPAA pri-vacy and security law (as defined in section 3009(a)(2)). 
‘‘(i) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the 
date of the enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Congress con-cerning the implementation of this section. Such report shall include information on— 
‘‘(1) the development and maintenance of the 
National Neurological Diseases Surveillance System; 
‘‘(2) the type of information collected and 
stored in the System; 
‘‘(3) the use and availability of such informa-
tion, including guidelines for such use; and 
‘‘(4) the use and coordination of databases 
that collect or maintain information on neuro-logical diseases. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘national voluntary health association’ means a national nonprofit organization with chapters, other affiliated organizations, or networks in States throughout the United States. 
‘‘(k) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To 
carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 1123. DATA ON NATURAL HISTORY OF DIS-
EASES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the 
Congress that studies on the natural history of diseases can help to facilitate and expedite the development of medical products for such dis-eases. 
(b) A
UTHORITY .—Part A of title II of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 202 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 229A. DATA ON NATURAL HISTORY OF DIS-
EASES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, may, for the purposes described in subsection (b)— 
‘‘(1) participate in public-private partnerships 
engaged in one or more activities specified in subsection (c); and 
‘‘(2) award grants to patient advocacy groups 
or other organizations determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES DESCRIBED .—The purposes de-
scribed in this subsection are to establish or fa-cilitate the collection, maintenance, analysis, and interpretation of data regarding the natural history of diseases, with a particular focus on rare diseases. 
‘‘(c) A
CTIVITIES OF PUBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNER -
SHIPS .—The activities of public-private partner-
ships in which the Secretary may participate for purposes of this section include— 
‘‘(1) cooperating with other entities that spon-
sor or maintain disease registries, including dis-ease registries and disease registry platforms for rare diseases; 
‘‘(2) developing or enhancing a secure infor-
mation technology system that— 
‘‘(A) has the capacity to support data needs 
across a wide range of disease studies; 
‘‘(B) is easily modified as knowledge is gained 
during such studies; and 
‘‘(C) is capable of handling increasing 
amounts of data as more studies are carried out; and 
‘‘(3) providing advice to clinical researchers, 
patient advocacy groups, and other entities with respect to— 
‘‘(A) the design and conduct of disease stud-
ies; 
‘‘(B) the modification of any such ongoing 
studies; and 
‘‘(C) addressing associated patient privacy 
issues. 
‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA ON NATURAL HIS-
TORY OF DISEASES .—Data relating to the nat-ural history of diseases obtained, aggregated, or 
otherwise maintained by a public-private part-nership in which the Secretary participates under subsection (a) shall be made available, consistent with otherwise applicable Federal and State privacy laws, to the public (including patient advocacy groups, researchers, and drug developers) to help to facilitate and expedite medical product development programs. 
‘‘(e) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (d), nothing in this section authorizes the disclosure of any information that is a trade secret or commercial or financial information that is privileged or confidential and subject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 1124. ACCESSING, SHARING, AND USING 
HEALTH DATA FOR RESEARCH PUR-POSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) The HITECH Act (title 
XIII of division A of Public Law 111–5) is amended by adding at the end of subtitle D of such Act (42 U.S.C. 17921 et seq.) the following: 
‘‘PART 4—ACCESSING, SHARING, AND 
USING HEALTH DATA FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES 
‘‘SEC. 13441. REFERENCES. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) T HE RULE .—References to ‘the Rule’ refer 
to part 160 or part 164, as appropriate, of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulation). 
‘‘(2) P
ART 164 .—References to a specified sec-
tion of ‘part 164’, refer to such specified section of part 164 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor section). 
‘‘SEC. 13442. DEFINING HEALTH DATA RESEARCH 
AS PART OF HEALTH CARE OPER-ATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
the Secretary shall revise or clarify the Rule to allow the use and disclosure of protected health information by a covered entity for research purposes, including studies whose purpose is to obtain generalizable knowledge, to be treated as the use and disclosure of such information for health care operations described in subpara-graph (1) of the definition of health care oper-ations in section 164.501 of part 164. 
‘‘(b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO RULES FOR DISCLO -
SURES FOR HEALTH CAREOPERATIONS .—In ap-
plying section 164.506 of part 164 to the disclo-sure of protected health information described in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary shall revise or clarify the 
Rule so that the disclosure may be made by the covered entity to only— 
‘‘(A) another covered entity for health care 
operations (as defined in section 164.501 of part 164); 
‘‘(B) a business associate that has entered 
into a contract under section 164.504(e) of part 164 with a disclosing covered entity to perform health care operations; or 
‘‘(C) a business associate that has entered into 
a contract under section 164.504(e) of part 164 for the purpose of data aggregation (as defined in section 164.501 of part 164); and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary shall further revise or clar-
ify the Rule so that the limitation specified by section 164.506(c)(4) of part 164 does not apply to disclosures that are described by subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section 
shall not be construed as prohibiting or restrict-ing a use or disclosure of protected health infor-mation for research purposes that is otherwise permitted under part 164. 
‘‘SEC. 13443. TREATING DISCLOSURES OF PRO-
TECTED HEALTH INFORMATION FOR RESEARCH SIMILARLY TO DISCLO-SURES OF SUCH INFORMATION FOR PUBLIC HEALTH PURPOSES. 
‘‘(a) R EMUNERATION .—The Secretary shall re-
vise or clarify the Rule so that disclosures of protected health information for research pur-
poses are not subject to the limitation on remu-neration described in section 164.502(a)(5)(ii)(B)(2)(ii) of part 164. 
‘‘(b) P
ERMITTED USES AND DISCLOSURES .—The 
Secretary shall revise or clarify the Rule so that research activities, including comparative re-search activities, related to the quality, safety, or effectiveness of a product or activity that is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration are included as public health activities for pur-poses of which a covered entity may disclose protected health information to a person de-scribed in section 164.512(b)(1)(iii) of part 164. 
‘‘SEC. 13444. PERMITTING REMOTE ACCESS TO 
PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION BY RESEARCHERS. 
‘‘The Secretary shall revise or clarify the Rule 
so that subparagraph (B) of section 164.512(i)(1)(ii) of part 164 (prohibiting the re-moval of protected health information by a re-searcher) does not prohibit remote access to health information by a researcher so long as— 
‘‘(1) appropriate security and privacy safe-
guards are maintained by the covered entity and the researcher; and 
‘‘(2) the protected health information is not 
copied or otherwise retained by the researcher. 
‘‘SEC. 13445. ALLOWING ONE-TIME AUTHORIZA-
TION OF USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall revise 
or clarify the Rule to specify that an authoriza-tion for the use or disclosure of protected health information, with respect to an individual, for future research purposes shall be deemed to con-tain a sufficient description of the purpose of the use or disclosure if the authorization— 
‘‘(1) sufficiently describes the purposes such 
that it would be reasonable for the individual to expect that the protected health information could be used or disclosed for such future re-search; 
‘‘(2) either— ‘‘(A) states that the authorization will expire 
on a particular date or on the occurrence of a particular event; or 
‘‘(B) states that the authorization will remain 
valid unless and until it is revoked by the indi-vidual; and 
‘‘(3) provides instruction to the individual on 
how to revoke such authorization at any time. 
‘‘(b) R
EVOCATION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The 
Secretary shall revise or clarify the Rule to specify that, if an individual revokes an author-ization for future research purposes such as is described by subsection (a), the covered entity may not make any further uses or disclosures based on that authorization, except, as provided in paragraph (b)(5) of section 164.508 of part 164, to the extent that the covered entity has taken action in reliance on the authorization.’’. 
(2) The table of sections in section 13001(b) of 
such Act is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to subtitle D the following new items: 
‘‘P
ART4—A CCESSING , SHARING , ANDUSING 
HEALTH DATA FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES  
‘‘Sec. 13441. References. 
‘‘Sec. 13442. Defining health data research as 
part of health care operations. 
‘‘Sec. 13443. Treating disclosures of protected 
health information for research similarly to disclosures of such information for pub-lic health purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 13444. Permitting remote access to pro-
tected health information by researchers. 
‘‘Sec. 13445. Allowing one-time authorization 
of use and disclosure of protected health information for research purposes.’’. 
(b) R
EVISION OF REGULATIONS .—Not later 
than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall revise and clarify the provisions of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, for con-sistency with part 4 of subtitle D of the HITECH Act, as added by subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5042 July 10, 2015 
Subtitle H—Council for 21st Century Cures 
SEC. 1141. COUNCIL FOR 21ST CENTURY CURES. 
Title II of the Public Health Service Act (42 
U.S.C. 202 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART E—COUNCIL FOR 21ST CENTURY 
CURES 
‘‘SEC. 281. ESTABLISHMENT. 
‘‘A nonprofit corporation to be known as the 
Council for 21st Century Cures (referred to in this part as the ‘Council’) shall be established in accordance with this section. The Council shall be a public-private partnership headed by an Executive Director (referred to in this part as the ‘Executive Director’), appointed by the mem-bers of the Board of Directors. The Council shall not be an agency or instrumentality of the United States Government. 
‘‘SEC. 281A. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of the Council is to accelerate 
the discovery, development, and delivery in the United States of innovative cures, treatments, and preventive measures for patients. 
‘‘SEC. 281B. DUTIES. 
‘‘For the purpose described in section 281A, 
the Council shall— 
‘‘(1) foster collaboration and coordination 
among the entities that comprise the Council, including academia, government agencies, in-dustry, health care payors and providers, pa-tient advocates, and others engaged in the cycle of discovery, development, and delivery of life- saving and health-enhancing innovative inter-ventions; 
‘‘(2) undertake communication and dissemina-
tion activities; 
‘‘(3) publish information on the activities 
funded under section 281D; 
‘‘(4) establish a strategic agenda for accel-
erating the discovery, development, and delivery in the United States of innovative cures, treat-ments, and preventive measures for patients; 
‘‘(5) identify gaps and opportunities within 
and across the discovery, development, and de-livery cycle; 
‘‘(6) develop and propose recommendations 
based on the gaps and opportunities so identi-fied; 
‘‘(7) facilitate the interoperability of the com-
ponents of the discovery, development, and de-livery cycle; 
‘‘(8) propose recommendations that will facili-
tate precompetitive collaboration; 
‘‘(9) identify opportunities to work with, but 
not duplicate the efforts of, nonprofit organiza-tions and other public-private partnerships; and 
‘‘(10) identify opportunities for collaboration 
with organizations operating outside of the United States, such as the Innovative Medicines Initiative of the European Union. 
‘‘SEC. 281C. ORGANIZATION; ADMINISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) B OARD OF DIRECTORS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Council shall have a 
Board of Directors (in this part referred to as the ‘Board of Directors’), which shall be com-posed of the ex officio members under subpara-graph (B) and the appointed members under subparagraph (C). All members of the Board shall be voting members. 
‘‘(B) E
X OFFICIO MEMBERS .—The ex officio 
members of the Board shall be the following in-dividuals or their designees: 
‘‘(i) The Director of the National Institutes of 
Health. 
‘‘(ii) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(iii) The Administrator of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services. 
‘‘(iv) The heads of five other Federal agencies 
deemed by the Secretary to be engaged in bio-medical research and development. 
‘‘(C) A
PPOINTED MEMBERS .—The appointed 
members of the Board shall consist of 17 individ-uals, of whom— 
‘‘(i) 8 shall be appointed by the Comptroller 
General of the United States from a list of nomi-nations submitted by leading trade associa-
tions— 
‘‘(I) 4 of whom shall be representatives of the 
biopharmaceutical industry; 
‘‘(II) 2 of whom shall be representatives of the 
medical device industry; and 
‘‘(III) 2 of whom shall be representatives of 
the information and digital technology industry; and 
‘‘(ii) 9 shall be appointed by the Comptroller 
General of the United States, after soliciting nominations— 
‘‘(I) 2 of whom shall be representatives of aca-
demic researchers; 
‘‘(II) 3 of whom shall be representatives of pa-
tients; 
‘‘(III) 2 of whom shall be representatives of 
health care providers; and 
‘‘(IV) 2 of whom shall be representatives of 
health care plans and insurers. 
‘‘(D) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Board shall be 
selected by the members of the Board by major-ity vote from among the members of the Board. 
‘‘(2) T
ERMS AND VACANCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term of office of each 
member of the Board appointed under para-graph (1)(C) shall be 5 years. 
‘‘(B) V
ACANCY .—Any vacancy in the member-
ship of the Board— 
‘‘(i) shall not affect the power of the remain-
ing members to execute the duties of the Board; and 
‘‘(ii) shall be filled by appointment by the ap-
pointed members described in paragraph (1)(C) by majority vote. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTIAL TERM .—If a member of the 
Board does not serve the full term applicable under subparagraph (A), the individual ap-pointed under subparagraph (B) to fill the re-sulting vacancy shall be appointed for the re-mainder of the term of the predecessor of the in-dividual. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Not later than 90 
days after the date on which the Council is in-corporated and its Board of Directors is fully constituted, the Board of Directors shall estab-lish bylaws and policies for the Council that— 
‘‘(A) are published in the Federal Register 
and available for public comment; 
‘‘(B) establish policies for the selection and, as 
applicable, appointment of— 
‘‘(i) the officers, employees, agents, and con-
tractors of the Council; and 
‘‘(ii) the members of any committees of the 
Council; 
‘‘(C) establish policies, including ethical 
standards, for the conduct of programs and other activities under section 281D; and 
‘‘(D) establish specific duties of the Executive 
Director. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Board of Directors 
shall— 
‘‘(i) meet on a quarterly basis; and ‘‘(ii) submit to Congress, and make publicly 
available, the minutes of such meetings. 
‘‘(B) A
GENDA .—The Board of Directors shall, 
not later than 3 months after the incorporation of the Council— 
‘‘(i) issue an agenda (in this part referred to 
as the ‘agenda’) outlining how the Council will achieve the purpose described in section 281A; and 
‘‘(ii) annually thereafter, in consultation with 
the Executive Director, review and update such agenda. 
‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT AND INCORPORATION .—Not 
later than 6 months after the date of enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act— 
‘‘(1) the Comptroller General of the United 
States shall appoint the appointed members of the Board of Directors under subsection (a)(1)(C); and 
‘‘(2) the ex officio members of the Board of Di-
rectors under subsection (a)(1)(B) shall serve as incorporators and shall take whatever actions are necessary to incorporate the Council. 
‘‘(c) N
ONPROFIT STATUS .—In carrying out this 
part, the Board of Directors shall establish such policies and bylaws, and the Executive Director 
shall carry out such activities, as may be nec-essary to ensure that the Council maintains sta-tus as an organization that— 
‘‘(1) is described in subsection (c)(3) of section 
501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and 
‘‘(2) is, under subsection (a) of such section, 
exempt from taxation. 
‘‘(d) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Executive 
Director shall— 
‘‘(1) be the chief executive officer of the Coun-
cil; and 
‘‘(2) subject to the oversight of the Board of 
Directors, be responsible for the day-to-day management of the Council. 
‘‘SEC. 281D. OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES AND AS-
SISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Council shall establish 
a sufficient operational infrastructure to fulfill the duties specified in section 281B. 
‘‘(b) P
RIVATE SECTOR MATCHING FUNDS.—The 
Council may accept financial or in-kind support from participating entities or private founda-tions or organizations when such support is deemed appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 281E. TERMINATION; REPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Council shall termi-
nate on September 30, 2023. 
‘‘(b) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date on which the Council is established and each year thereafter, the Executive Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the performance of the Council. In preparing such report, the Council shall consult with a nongovernmental consult-ant with appropriate expertise. 
‘‘SEC. 281F. FUNDING. 
‘‘For the each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2023, there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 to the Council for purposes of car-rying out the duties of the Council under this part.’’. 
TITLE II—DEVELOPMENT 
Subtitle A—Patient-Focused Drug 
Development 
SEC. 2001. DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT 
EXPERIENCE DATA TO ENHANCE STRUCTURED RISK-BENEFIT ASSESS-MENT FRAMEWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary shall implement’’ and all that follows through ‘‘premarket approval of a drug.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(x) S
TRUCTURED RISK-BENEFIT ASSESSMENT  
FRAMEWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall imple-
ment a structured risk-benefit assessment frame-work in the new drug approval process— 
‘‘(A) to facilitate the balanced consideration 
of benefits and risks; and 
‘‘(B) to develop and implement a consistent 
and systematic approach to the discussion of, regulatory decisionmaking with respect to, and the communication of, the benefits and risks of new drugs. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (1) shall alter the criteria for evalu-ating an application for premarket approval of a drug. 
‘‘(y) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT EX-
PERIENCE DATATOENHANCE STRUCTURED RISK- 
BENEFIT ASSESSMENT FRAMEWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish and imple-ment processes under which— 
‘‘(A) an entity seeking to develop patient ex-
perience data may submit to the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) initial research concepts for feedback 
from the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to patient experience data 
collected by the entity, draft guidance docu-ments, completed data, and summaries and analyses of such data; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5043 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(B) the Secretary may request such an entity 
to submit such documents, data, and summaries and analyses; and 
‘‘(C) patient experience data may be developed 
and used to enhance the structured risk-benefit assessment framework under subsection (x). 
‘‘(2) P
ATIENT EXPERIENCE DATA .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘patient experience data’ means data collected by patients, parents, care-givers, patient advocacy organizations, disease research foundations, medical researchers, re-search sponsors, or other parties determined ap-propriate by the Secretary that is intended to facilitate or enhance the Secretary’s risk-benefit assessments, including information about the impact of a disease or a therapy on patients’ lives.’’. 
(b) G
UIDANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services shall publish guidance on the implementation of subsection (y) of section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), as added by subsection (a). Such guidance shall include— 
(A) with respect to draft guidance documents, 
data, or summaries and analyses submitted to the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A) of such subsection, guidance— 
(i) specifying the timelines for the review of 
such documents, data, or summaries and anal-yses by the Secretary; and 
(ii) on how the Secretary will use such docu-
ments, data, or summaries and analyses to up-date any guidance documents published under this subsection or publish new guidance; 
(B) with respect to the collection and analysis 
of patient experience data (as defined in para-graph (2) of such subsection (y)), guidance on— 
(i) methodological considerations for the col-
lection of patient experience data, which may include structured approaches to gathering in-formation on— 
(I) the experience of a patient living with a 
particular disease; 
(II) the burden of living with or managing the 
disease; 
(III) the impact of the disease on daily life 
and long-term functioning; and 
(IV) the effect of current therapeutic options 
on different aspects of the disease; and 
(ii) the establishment and maintenance of reg-
istries designed to increase understanding of the natural history of a disease; 
(C) methodological approaches that may be 
used to assess patients’ beliefs with respect to the benefits and risks in the management of the patient’s disease; and 
(D) methodologies, standards, and potential 
experimental designs for patient-reported out-comes. 
(2) T
IMING .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue draft guidance on the implementation of subsection (y) of section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), as added by subsection (a). The Secretary shall issue final guidance on the implementation of such sub-section not later than one year after the date on which the comment period for the draft guid-ance closes. 
(3) W
ORKSHOPS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and once every 6 months during the following 12- month period, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall convene a workshop to obtain input regarding methodologies for devel-oping the guidance under paragraph (1), includ-ing the collection of patient experience data. 
(B) A
TTENDEES .—A workshop convened under 
this paragraph shall include— 
(i) patients; (ii) representatives from patient advocacy or-
ganizations, biopharmaceutical companies, and disease research foundations; 
(iii) representatives of the reviewing divisions 
of the Food and Drug Administration; and (iv) methodological experts with significant 
expertise in patient experience data. 
(4) P
UBLIC MEETING .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the draft guidance is published under this subsection, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall convene a public meeting to solicit input on the guidance. 
Subtitle B—Qualification and Use of Drug 
Development Tools 
SEC. 2021. QUALIFICATION OF DRUG DEVELOP-
MENT TOOLS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Development of new drugs has become in-
creasingly challenging and resource intensive. 
(2) Development of drug development tools can 
benefit the availability of new medical therapies by helping to translate scientific discoveries into clinical applications. 
(3) Biomedical research consortia (as defined 
in section 507(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (c)) can play a valuable role in helping to develop and qualify drug development tools. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Congress should promote and facilitate a 
collaborative effort among the biomedical re-search consortia described in subsection (a)(3)— 
(A) to develop, through a transparent public 
process, data standards and scientific ap-proaches to data collection accepted by the med-ical and clinical research community for pur-poses of qualifying drug development tools; 
(B) to coordinate efforts toward developing 
and qualifying drug development tools in key therapeutic areas; and 
(C) to encourage the development of accessible 
databases for collecting relevant drug develop-ment tool data for such purposes; and 
(2) an entity seeking to qualify a drug devel-
opment tool should be encouraged, in addition to consultation with the Secretary, to consult with biomedical research consortia and other in-dividuals and entities with expert knowledge and insights that may assist the requestor and benefit the process for such qualification. 
(c) Q
UALIFICATION OF DRUG DEVELOPMENT  
TOOLS.—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 506F the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 507. QUALIFICATION OF DRUG DEVELOP-
MENT TOOLS. 
‘‘(a) P ROCESS FOR QUALIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a process for the qualification of drug devel-opment tools for a proposed context of use under which— 
‘‘(A)(i) a requestor initiates such process by 
submitting a letter of intent to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary accepts or declines to ac-
cept such letter of intent; 
‘‘(B)(i) if the Secretary accepts the letter of in-
tent, a requestor submits a qualification plan to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary accepts or declines to ac-
cept the qualification plan; and 
‘‘(C)(i) if the Secretary accepts the qualifica-
tion plan, the requestor submits to the Secretary a full qualification package; 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines whether to ac-
cept such qualification package for review; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary accepts such qualifica-
tion package for review, the Secretary conducts such review in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) A
CCEPTANCE AND REVIEW OF SUBMIS -
SIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The succeeding provisions 
of this paragraph shall apply with respect to the treatment of a letter of intent, a qualification plan, or a full qualification package submitted under paragraph (1) (referred to in this para-graph as ‘qualification submissions’). 
‘‘(B) A
CCEPTANCE FACTORS ; NONACCEPT -
ANCE.—The Secretary shall determine whether 
to accept a qualification submission based on factors which may include the scientific merit of the submission and the available resources of 
the Food and Drug Administration to review the qualification submission. A determination not to accept a submission under paragraph (1) shall not be construed as a final determination by the Secretary under this section regarding the quali-fication of a drug development tool for its pro-posed context of use. 
‘‘(C) P
RIORITIZATION OF QUALIFICATION RE -
VIEW.—The Secretary may prioritize the review 
of a full qualification package submitted under paragraph (1) with respect to a drug develop-ment tool, based on factors determined appro-priate by the Secretary, including— 
‘‘(i) as applicable, the severity, rarity, or prev-
alence of the disease or condition targeted by the drug development tool and the availability or lack of alternative treatments for such dis-ease or condition; and 
‘‘(ii) the identification, by the Secretary or by 
biomedical research consortia and other expert stakeholders, of such a drug development tool and its proposed context of use as a public health priority. 
‘‘(D) E
NGAGEMENT OF EXTERNAL EXPERTS .— 
The Secretary may, for purposes of the review of qualification submissions, through the use of co-operative agreements, grants, or other appro-priate mechanisms, consult with biomedical re-search consortia and may consider the rec-ommendations of such consortia with respect to the review of any qualification plan submitted under paragraph (1) or the review of any full qualification package under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF FULL QUALIFICATION PACK -
AGE.—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct a comprehensive review of a full 
qualification package accepted under paragraph (1)(C); and 
‘‘(B) determine whether the drug development 
tool at issue is qualified for its proposed context of use. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFICATION .—The Secretary shall de-
termine whether a drug development tool is qualified for a proposed context of use based on the scientific merit of a full qualification pack-age reviewed under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(b) E
FFECT OF QUALIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A drug development tool 
determined to be qualified under subsection (a)(4) for a proposed context of use specified by the requestor may be used by any person in such context of use for the purposes described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF A DRUG DEVELOPMENT TOOL .— 
Subject to paragraph (3), a drug development tool qualified under this section may be used for— 
‘‘(A) supporting or obtaining approval or li-
censure (as applicable) of a drug or biological product (including in accordance with section 506(c)) under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act; or 
‘‘(B) supporting the investigational use of a 
drug or biological product under section 505(i) of this Act or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act. 
‘‘(3) R
ESCISSION OR MODIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may rescind 
or modify a determination under this section to qualify a drug development tool if the Secretary determines that the drug development tool is not appropriate for the proposed context of use specified by the requestor. Such a determination may be based on new information that calls into question the basis for such qualification. 
‘‘(B) M
EETING FOR REVIEW .—If the Secretary 
rescinds or modifies under subparagraph (A) a determination to qualify a drug development tool, the requestor involved shall, on request, be granted a meeting with the Secretary to discuss the basis of the Secretary’s decision to rescind or modify the determination before the effective date of the rescission or modification. 
‘‘(c) T
RANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
the Secretary shall make publicly available, and update on at least a biannual basis, on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5044 July 10, 2015 
Internet website of the Food and Drug Adminis-
tration the following: 
‘‘(A) Information with respect to each quali-
fication submission under the qualification process under subsection (a), including— 
‘‘(i) the stage of the review process applicable 
to the submission; 
‘‘(ii) the date of the most recent change in 
stage status; 
‘‘(iii) whether the external scientific experts 
were utilized in the development of a qualifica-tion plan or the review of a full qualification package; and 
‘‘(iv) submissions from requestors under the 
qualification process under subsection (a), in-cluding any data and evidence contained in such submissions, and any updates to such sub-missions. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary’s formal written deter-
minations in response to such qualification sub-missions. 
‘‘(C) Any rescissions or modifications under 
subsection (b)(3) of a determination to qualify a drug development tool. 
‘‘(D) Summary reviews that document conclu-
sions and recommendations for determinations to qualify drug development tools under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(E) A comprehensive list of— ‘‘(i) all drug development tools qualified under 
subsection (a); and 
‘‘(ii) all surrogate endpoints which were the 
basis of approval or licensure (as applicable) of a drug or biological product (including in ac-cordance with section 506(c)) under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. 
‘‘(2) R
ELATION TO TRADE SECRETS ACT .—Infor-
mation made publicly available by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be considered a dis-closure authorized by law for purposes of sec-tion 1905 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed as authorizing the Secretary to disclose any information contained in an ap-plication submitted under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act that is confidential commercial or trade secret information subject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed— 
‘‘(1) to alter the standards of evidence under 
subsection (c) or (d) of section 505, including the substantial evidence standard in such sub-section (d), or under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as applicable); or 
‘‘(2) to limit the authority of the Secretary to 
approve or license products under this Act or the Public Health Service Act, as applicable (as in effect before the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act). 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) B IOMARKER .—(A) The term ‘biomarker’ 
means a characteristic (such as a physiologic, pathologic, or anatomic characteristic or meas-urement) that is objectively measured and eval-uated as an indicator of normal biologic proc-esses, pathologic processes, or biological re-sponses to a therapeutic intervention; and 
‘‘(B) such term includes a surrogate endpoint. ‘‘(2) B
IOMEDICAL RESEARCH CONSORTIA .—The 
term ‘biomedical research consortia’ means col-laborative groups that may take the form of public-private partnerships and may include government agencies, institutions of higher edu-cation (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, patient advocacy groups, industry representatives, clinical and scientific experts, and other relevant entities and individ-uals. 
‘‘(3) C
LINICAL OUTCOME ASSESSMENT .—(A) The 
term ‘clinical outcome assessment’ means a measurement of a patient’s symptoms, overall mental state, or the effects of a disease or condi-tion on how the patient functions; and 
‘‘(B) such term includes a patient-reported 
outcome. ‘‘(4) C
ONTEXT OF USE .—The term ‘context of 
use’ means, with respect to a drug development tool, the circumstances under which the drug development tool is to be used in drug develop-ment and regulatory review. 
‘‘(5) D
RUG DEVELOPMENT TOOL .—The term 
‘drug development tool’ includes— 
‘‘(A) a biomarker; ‘‘(B) a clinical outcome assessment; and ‘‘(C) any other method, material, or measure 
that the Secretary determines aids drug develop-ment and regulatory review for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(6) P
ATIENT -REPORTED OUTCOME .—The term 
‘patient-reported outcome’ means a measure-ment based on a report from a patient regarding the status of the patient’s health condition without amendment or interpretation of the pa-tient’s report by a clinician or any other person. 
‘‘(7) Q
UALIFICATION .—The terms ‘qualifica-
tion’ and ‘qualified’ mean a determination by the Secretary that a drug development tool and its proposed context of use can be relied upon to have a specific interpretation and application in drug development and regulatory review under this Act. 
‘‘(8) R
EQUESTOR .—The term ‘requestor’ means 
an entity or entities, including a drug sponsor or a biomedical research consortia, seeking to qualify a drug development tool for a proposed context of use under this section. 
‘‘(9) S
URROGATE ENDPOINT .—The term ‘surro-
gate endpoint’ means a marker, such as a lab-oratory measurement, radiographic image, phys-ical sign, or other measure, that is not itself a direct measurement of clinical benefit, and— 
‘‘(A) is known to predict clinical benefit and 
could be used to support traditional approval of a drug or biological product; or 
‘‘(B) is reasonably likely to predict clinical 
benefit and could be used to support the acceler-ated approval of a drug or biological product in accordance with section 506(c). 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
(d) G
UIDANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services shall, in consultation with bio-medical research consortia (as defined in sub-section (f) of section 507 the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (as added by subsection (c))) and other interested parties through a col-laborative public process, issue guidance to im-plement such section 507 that— 
(A) provides a conceptual framework describ-
ing appropriate standards and scientific ap-proaches to support the development of bio-markers delineated under the taxonomy estab-lished under paragraph (3); 
(B) makes recommendations for demonstrating 
that a surrogate endpoint is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit for the purpose of sup-porting the accelerated approval of a drug under section 506(c) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356(c)); 
(C) with respect to the qualification process 
under such section 507— 
(i) describes the requirements that entities 
seeking to qualify a drug development tool under such section shall observe when engaging in such process; 
(ii) outlines reasonable timeframes for the Sec-
retary’s review of letters, qualification plans, or full qualification packages submitted under such process; and 
(iii) establishes a process by which such enti-
ties or the Secretary may consult with bio-medical research consortia and other individ-uals and entities with expert knowledge and in-sights that may assist the Secretary in the re-view of qualification plans and full qualifica-tion submissions under such section; and 
(D) includes such other information as the 
Secretary determines appropriate. 
(2) T
IMING .—Not later than 24 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall issue 
draft guidance under paragraph (1) on the im-plementation of section 507 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (as added by subsection (c)). The Secretary shall issue final guidance on the implementation of such section not later than 6 months after the date on which the com-ment period for the draft guidance closes. 
(3) T
AXONOMY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of informing 
guidance under this subsection, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, in consulta-tion with biomedical research consortia and other interested parties through a collaborative public process, establish a taxonomy for the classification of biomarkers (and related sci-entific concepts) for use in drug development. 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 12 
months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall make such taxonomy publicly avail-able in draft form for public comment. The Sec-retary shall finalize the taxonomy not later than 12 months after the close of the public com-ment period. 
(e) M
EETING AND REPORT .— 
(1) M EETING .—Not later than 12 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall con-vene a public meeting to describe and solicit public input regarding the qualification process under section 507 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (c). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make publicly available on the Internet website of the Food and Drug Administration a report. Such report shall include, with respect to the qualification process under section 507 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (c), information on— 
(A) the number of requests submitted, as a let-
ter of intent, for qualification of a drug develop-ment tool (as defined in subsection (f) of such section); 
(B) the number of such requests accepted and 
determined to be eligible for submission of a qualification plan or full qualification package (as such terms are defined in such subsection), respectively; 
(C) the number of such requests for which ex-
ternal scientific experts were utilized in the de-velopment of a qualification plan or review of a full qualification package; and 
(D) the number of qualification plans and full 
qualification packages, respectively, submitted to the Secretary; and 
(3) the drug development tools qualified 
through such qualification process, specified by type of tool, such as a biomarker or clinical out-come assessment (as such terms are defined in subsection (f) of such section 507). 
SEC. 2022. ACCELERATED APPROVAL DEVELOP-
MENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356) is amended by adding the following subsection: 
‘‘(g) A
CCELERATED APPROVAL DEVELOPMENT  
PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a drug that 
the Secretary determines may be eligible for ac-celerated approval in accordance with sub-section (c), the sponsor of such drug may re-quest, at any time after the submission of an ap-plication for the investigation of the drug under section 505(i) of this Act or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act, that the Sec-retary agree to an accelerated approval develop-ment plan described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) P
LAN DESCRIBED .—A plan described in 
this paragraph, with respect to a drug described in paragraph (1), is an accelerated approval de-velopment plan, which shall include agreement on— 
‘‘(A) the surrogate endpoint to be assessed 
under such plan; 
‘‘(B) the design of the study that will utilize 
the surrogate endpoint; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5045 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(C) the magnitude of the effect of the drug 
on the surrogate endpoint that is the subject of the agreement that would be sufficient to form the primary basis of a claim that the drug is ef-fective. 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATION ; TERMINATION .—The Sec-
retary may require the sponsor of a drug that is the subject of an accelerated approval develop-ment plan to modify or terminate the plan if ad-ditional data or information indicates that— 
‘‘(A) the plan as originally agreed upon is no 
longer sufficient to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the drug involved; or 
‘‘(B) the drug is no longer eligible for acceler-
ated approval under subsection (c). 
‘‘(4) S
PONSOR CONSULTATION .—If the Secretary 
requires the modification or termination of an accelerated approval development plan under paragraph (3), the sponsor shall be granted a re-quest for a meeting to discuss the basis of the Secretary’s decision before the effective date of the modification or termination. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘accelerated approval development plan’ means a development plan agreed upon by the Sec-retary and the sponsor submitting the plan that contains study parameters for the use of a sur-rogate endpoint that— 
‘‘(A) is reasonably likely to predict clinical 
benefit; and 
‘‘(B) is intended to be the basis of the acceler-
ated approval of a drug in accordance with sub-section (c).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 506 of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(f) A
WARENESS EFFORTS ’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(e) A WARENESS EFFORTS ’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘(e) C ONSTRUCTION ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(f) C ONSTRUCTION ’’. 
Subtitle C—FDA Advancement of Precision 
Medicine 
SEC. 2041. PRECISION MEDICINE GUIDANCE AND 
OTHER PROGRAMS OF FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION. 
Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subchapter J—Precision Medicine 
‘‘SEC. 591. GENERAL AGENCY GUIDANCE ON PRE-
CISION MEDICINE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue 
and periodically update guidance to assist spon-sors in the development of a precision drug or biological product. Such guidance shall— 
‘‘(1) define the term ‘precision drug or biologi-
cal product’; and 
‘‘(2) address the topics described in subsection 
(b). 
‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN ISSUES .—The topics to be ad-
dressed by guidance under subsection (a) are— 
‘‘(1) the evidence needed to support the use of 
biomarkers (as defined in section 507(e)) that identify subsets of patients as likely responders to therapies in order to streamline the conduct of clinical trials; 
‘‘(2) recommendations for the design of studies 
to demonstrate the validity of a biomarker as a predictor of drug or biological product response; 
‘‘(3) the manner and extent to which a ben-
efit-risk assessment may be affected when clin-ical trials are limited to patient population sub-sets that are identified using biomarkers; 
‘‘(4) the development of companion 
diagnostics in the context of a drug development program; and 
‘‘(5) considerations for developing biomarkers 
that inform prescribing decisions for a drug or biological product, and when information re-garding a biomarker may be included in the ap-proved prescription labeling for a precision drug or biological product. 
‘‘(c) D
ATECERTAIN FOR INITIAL GUIDANCE .— 
The Secretary shall issue guidance under sub-section (a) not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act. ‘‘SEC. 592. PRECISION MEDICINE REGARDING OR-
PHAN-DRUG AND EXPEDITED-AP-PROVAL PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a precision 
drug or biological product that is the subject of an application submitted under section 505(b)(1), or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, for the treatment of a serious or 
life-threatening disease or condition and has been designated under section 526 as a drug for a rare disease or condition, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(1) consistent with applicable standards for 
approval, rely upon data or information pre-viously submitted by the sponsor of the precision drug or biological product, or another sponsor, provided that the sponsor of the precision drug or biological product has obtained a contractual right of reference to such other sponsor’s data and information, in an application approved under section 505(c) or licensed under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, as appli-cable— 
‘‘(A) for a different drug or biological product; 
or 
‘‘(B) for a different indication for such preci-
sion drug or biological product, 
in order to expedite clinical development for a 
precision drug or biological product that is using the same or similar approach as that used to support approval of the prior approved appli-cation or license, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(2) as appropriate, consider the application 
for approval of such precision drug or biological product to be eligible for expedited review and approval programs described in section 506, in-cluding accelerated approval in accordance with subsection (c) of such section. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) limit the authority of the Secretary to ap-
prove products pursuant to this Act and the Public Health Service Act as authorized prior to the date of enactment of this section; or 
‘‘(2) confer any new rights, beyond those au-
thorized under this Act prior to enactment of this section, with respect to a sponsor’s ability to reference information contained in another application submitted under section 505(b)(1) of this Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act.’’. 
Subtitle D—Modern Trial Design and 
Evidence Development 
SEC. 2061. BROADER APPLICATION OF BAYESIAN 
STATISTICS AND ADAPTIVE TRIAL DESIGNS. 
(a) P ROPOSALS FOR USE OF INNOVATIVE STA-
TISTICAL METHODS IN CLINICAL PROTOCOLS FOR  
DRUGS AND BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS .—For pur-
poses of assisting sponsors in incorporating adaptive trial design and Bayesian methods into proposed clinical protocols and applications for new drugs under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) and biological products under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262), the Secretary shall conduct a public meeting and issue guidance in accordance with subsection (b). 
(b) G
UIDANCE ADDRESSING USE OF ADAPTIVE  
TRIAL DESIGNS AND BAYESIAN METHODS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, acting through the Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), shall— 
(A) update and finalize the draft guidance ad-
dressing the use of adaptive trial design for drugs and biological products; and 
(B) issue draft guidance on the use of 
Bayesian methods in the development and regu-latory review and approval or licensure of drugs and biological products. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidances under para-
graph (1) shall address— 
(A) the use of adaptive trial designs and 
Bayesian methods in clinical trials, including clinical trials proposed or submitted to help to satisfy the substantial evidence standard under section 505(d) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(d)); (B) how sponsors may obtain feedback from 
the Secretary on technical issues related to mod-eling and simulations prior to— 
(i) completion of such modeling or simula-
tions; or 
(ii) the submission of resulting information to 
the Secretary; 
(C) the types of quantitative and qualitative 
information that should be submitted for review; and 
(D) recommended analysis methodologies. (3) P
UBLIC MEETING .—Prior to updating or de-
veloping the guidances required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with stake-holders, including representatives of regulated industry, academia, patient advocacy organiza-tions, and disease research foundations, through a public meeting to be held not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(4) S
CHEDULE .—The Secretary shall publish— 
(A) the final guidance required by paragraph 
(1)(A) not later than 18 months after the date of the public meeting required by paragraph (3); and 
(B) the guidance required by paragraph (1)(B) 
not later than 48 months after the date of the public meeting required by paragraph (3). 
SEC. 2062. UTILIZING EVIDENCE FROM CLINICAL 
EXPERIENCE. 
Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 505E of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355f) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 505F. UTILIZING EVIDENCE FROM CLINICAL 
EXPERIENCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a program to evaluate the potential use of evidence from clinical experience— 
‘‘(1) to help to support the approval of a new 
indication for a drug approved under section 505(b); and 
‘‘(2) to help to support or satisfy postapproval 
study requirements. 
‘‘(b) E
VIDENCE FROM CLINICAL EXPERIENCE  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘evidence 
from clinical experience’ means data regarding the usage, or the potential benefits or risks, of a drug derived from sources other than random-ized clinical trials, including from observational studies, registries, and therapeutic use. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM FRAMEWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish a draft framework for implementation of the program under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF FRAMEWORK .—The frame-
work shall include information describing— 
‘‘(A) the current sources of data developed 
through clinical experience, including ongoing safety surveillance, registry, claims, and pa-tient-centered outcomes research activities; 
‘‘(B) the gaps in current data collection ac-
tivities; 
‘‘(C) the current standards and methodologies 
for collection and analysis of data generated through clinical experience; and 
‘‘(D) the priority areas, remaining challenges, 
and potential pilot opportunities that the pro-gram established under this section will address. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In developing the program 
framework under this subsection, the Secretary shall consult with regulated industry, academia, medical professional organizations, representa-tives of patient advocacy organizations, disease research foundations, and other interested par-ties. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCESS .—The consultation under sub-
paragraph (A) may be carried out through ap-proaches such as— 
‘‘(i) a public-private partnership with the en-
tities described in such subparagraph in which the Secretary may participate; or 
‘‘(ii) a contract, grant, or other arrangement, 
as determined appropriate by the Secretary with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5046 July 10, 2015 
such a partnership or an independent research 
organization. 
‘‘(d) P ROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec-
retary shall, not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this section and in accord-ance with the framework established under sub-section (c), implement the program to evaluate the potential use of evidence from clinical expe-rience. 
‘‘(e) G
UIDANCE FOR INDUSTRY .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(1) utilize the program established under 
subsection (a), its activities, and any subsequent pilots or written reports, to inform a guidance for industry on— 
‘‘(A) the circumstances under which sponsors 
of drugs and the Secretary may rely on evidence from clinical experience for the purposes de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2); and 
‘‘(B) the appropriate standards and meth-
odologies for collection and analysis of evidence from clinical experience submitted for such pur-poses; 
‘‘(2) not later than 36 months after the date of 
enactment of this section, issue draft guidance for industry as described in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(3) not later than 48 months after the date of 
enactment of this section, after providing an op-portunity for public comment on the draft guid-ance, issue final guidance. 
‘‘(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2), nothing in this 
section prohibits the Secretary from using evi-dence from clinical experience for purposes not specified in this section, provided the Secretary determines that sufficient basis exists for any such nonspecified use. 
‘‘(2) This section shall not be construed to 
alter— 
‘‘(A) the standards of evidence under— ‘‘(i) subsection (c) or (d) of section 505, includ-
ing the substantial evidence standard in such subsection (d); or 
‘‘(ii) section 351(a) of the Public Health Serv-
ice Act; or 
‘‘(B) the Secretary’s authority to require post-
approval studies or clinical trials, or the stand-ards of evidence under which studies or trials are evaluated. 
‘‘SEC. 505G. COLLECTING EVIDENCE FROM CLIN-
ICAL EXPERIENCE THROUGH TAR-GETED EXTENSIONS OF THE SEN-TINEL SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall, in 
parallel to implementing the program estab-lished under section 505F and in order to build capacity for utilizing the evidence from clinical experience described in that section, identify and execute pilot demonstrations to extend ex-isting use of the Sentinel System surveillance in-frastructure authorized under section 505(k). 
‘‘(b) P
ILOT DEMONSTRATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall design and implement pilot dem-
onstrations to utilize data captured through the Sentinel System surveillance infrastructure au-thorized under section 505(k) for purposes of, as appropriate— 
‘‘(i) generating evidence from clinical experi-
ence to improve characterization or assessment of risks or benefits of a drug approved under section 505(c); 
‘‘(ii) protecting the public health; or ‘‘(iii) advancing patient-centered care; and ‘‘(B) may make strategic linkages with sources 
of complementary public health data and infra-structure the Secretary determines appropriate and necessary. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the pilot 
demonstrations under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(A) consult with regulated industry, aca-
demia, medical professional organizations, rep-resentatives of patient advocacy organizations, disease research foundations, and other inter-ested parties through a public process; and 
‘‘(B) develop a framework to promote appro-
priate transparency and dialogue about re-search conducted under these pilot demonstra-
tions, including by— 
‘‘(i) providing adequate notice to a sponsor of 
a drug approved under section 505 or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act of the Sec-retary’s intent to conduct analyses of such sponsor’s drug or drugs under these pilot dem-onstrations; 
‘‘(ii) providing adequate notice of the findings 
related to analyses described in clause (i) and an opportunity for the sponsor of such drug or drugs to comment on such findings; and 
‘‘(iii) ensuring the protection from public dis-
closure of any information that is a trade secret or confidential information subject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) HIPAA 
PRIVACY RULE ; HUMAN SUBJECT  
RESEARCH REGULATION .—The Secretary may 
deem such pilot demonstrations— 
‘‘(A) public health activities, for purposes of 
which a use or disclosure of protected health in-formation would be permitted as described in section 164.512(b)(1) of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation); and 
‘‘(B) outside the scope of ‘research’ as defined 
in section 46.102(d) of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 2063. STREAMLINED DATA REVIEW PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by section 2062, is further amended by inserting after section 505G of such Act the following: 
‘‘SEC. 505H. STREAMLINED DATA REVIEW PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a streamlined data review program under which a holder of an approved application sub-mitted under section 505(b)(1) or under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act may, to support the approval or licensure (as applicable) of the use of the drug that is the subject of such approved application for a new qualified indica-tion, submit qualified data summaries. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—In carrying out the stream-
lined data review program under subsection (a), the Secretary may authorize the holder of the approved application to include one or more qualified data summaries described in subsection (a) in a supplemental application if— 
‘‘(1) the drug has been approved under section 
505(c) of this Act or licensed under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act for one or more indications, and such approval or licen-sure remains in effect; 
‘‘(2) the supplemental application is for ap-
proval or licensure (as applicable) under such section 505(c) or 351(a) of the use of the drug for a new qualified indication under such section 505(c) or 351(a); 
‘‘(3) there is an existing database acceptable 
to the Secretary regarding the safety of the drug developed for one or more indications of the drug approved under such section 505(c) or li-censed under such section 351(a); 
‘‘(4) the supplemental application incor-
porates or supplements the data submitted in the application for approval or licensure re-ferred to in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(5) the full data sets used to develop the 
qualified data summaries are submitted, unless the Secretary determines that the full data sets are not required. 
‘‘(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION  
ONPROGRAM .—The Secretary shall post on the 
public website of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration and update annually— 
‘‘(1) the number of applications reviewed 
under the streamlined data review program; 
‘‘(2) the average time for completion of review 
under the streamlined data review program versus other review of applications for new indi-cations; and ‘‘(3) the number of applications reviewed 
under the streamlined data review program for which the Food and Drug Administration made use of full data sets in addition to the qualified data summary. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘qualified indication’ means— ‘‘(A) an indication for the treatment of can-
cer, as determined appropriate by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) such other types of indications as the 
Secretary determines to be subject to the stream-lined data review program under this section. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘qualified data summary’ means 
a summary of clinical data intended to dem-onstrate safety and effectiveness with respect to a qualified indication for use of a drug.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the streamlined data review pro-gram under section 505H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (a), should enable the Food and Drug Adminis-tration to make approval decisions for certain supplemental applications based on qualified data summaries (as defined in such section 505H). 
(c) G
UIDANCE ; REGULATIONS .—The Commis-
sioner of Food and Drugs— 
(1) shall— (A) issue final guidance for implementation of 
the streamlined data review program established under section 505H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (a), not later than 24 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act; and 
(B) include in such guidance the process for 
expanding the types of indications to be subject to the streamlined data review program, as au-thorized by section 505H(c)(1)(B) of such Act; and 
(2) in addition to issuing guidance under 
paragraph (1), may issue such regulations as may be necessary for implementation of the pro-gram. 
Subtitle E—Expediting Patient Access 
SEC. 2081. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Food and 
Drug Administration should continue to expe-dite the approval of drugs designated as break-through therapies pursuant to section 506(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356(a)) by approving drugs so designated as early as possible in the clinical development process, regardless of the phase of development, provided that the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that an application for such a drug meets the standards of evidence of safety and effectiveness under section 505 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355), including the substan-tial evidence standard under subsection (d) of such section or under section 351(a) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)). 
SEC. 2082. EXPANDED ACCESS POLICY. 
Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 561 (21 U.S.C. 360bbb) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 561A. EXPANDED ACCESS POLICY RE-
QUIRED FOR INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The manufacturer or dis-
tributor of one or more investigational drugs for the diagnosis, monitoring, or treatment of one or more serious diseases or conditions shall make publicly available the policy of the manufac-turer or distributor on evaluating and respond-ing to requests submitted under section 561(b) for provision of such a drug. A manufacturer or distributor may satisfy the requirement of the preceding sentence by posting such policy as generally applicable to all of such manufactur-er’s or distributor’s investigational drugs. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENT OF POLICY .—A policy described 
in subsection (a) shall include making publicly available— 
‘‘(1) contact information for the manufacturer 
or distributor to facilitate communication about requests described in subsection (a); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5047 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(2) procedures for making such requests; 
‘‘(3) the general criteria the manufacturer or 
distributor will consider or use to approve such requests; and 
‘‘(4) the length of time the manufacturer or 
distributor anticipates will be necessary to ac-knowledge receipt of such requests. 
‘‘(c) N
OGUARANTEE OF ACCESS .—The posting 
of policies by manufacturers and distributors under subsection (a) shall not serve as a guar-antee of access to any specific investigational drug by any individual patient. 
‘‘(d) R
EVISED POLICY .—A manufacturer or 
distributor that has made a policy publicly available as required by this section may revise the policy at any time. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall apply to 
a manufacturer or distributor with respect to an investigational drug beginning on the later of— 
‘‘(1) the date that is 60 days after the date of 
enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act; or 
‘‘(2) the first initiation of a phase 2 or phase 
3 study (as such terms are defined in section 312.21(b) and (c) of title 21, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or any successor regulations)) with re-spect to such investigational new drug.’’. 
SEC. 2083. FINALIZING DRAFT GUIDANCE ON EX-
PANDED ACCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall fi-nalize the draft guidance entitled ‘‘Expanded Access to Investigational Drugs for Treatment Use—Qs & As’’ and dated May 2013. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The final guidance referred to 
in subsection (a) shall clearly define how the Secretary of Health and Human Services inter-prets and uses adverse drug event data reported by investigators in the case of data reported from use under a request submitted under sec-tion 561(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb(b)). 
Subtitle F—Facilitating Responsible 
Manufacturer Communications 
SEC. 2101. FACILITATING DISSEMINATION OF 
HEALTH CARE ECONOMIC INFORMA-TION. 
Section 502(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(a) If its’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a)(1) If its’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘a formulary committee, or 
other similar entity, in the course of the com-mittee or the entity carrying out its responsibil-ities for the selection of drugs for managed care or other similar organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘a payor, formulary committee, or other similar en-tity with knowledge and expertise in the area of health care economic analysis, carrying out its responsibilities for the selection of drugs for cov-erage or reimbursement’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘directly relates’’ and inserting 
‘‘relates’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘and is based on competent 
and reliable scientific evidence. The require-ments set forth in section 505(a) or in section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act shall not apply to health care economic information pro-vided to such a committee or entity in accord-ance with this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘, is based on competent and reliable scientific evi-dence, and includes, where applicable, a con-spicuous and prominent statement describing any material differences between the health care economic information and the labeling approved for the drug under section 505 or under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. The re-quirements set forth in section 505(a) or in sub-sections (a) and (k) of section 351 of the Public Health Service Act shall not apply to health care economic information provided to such a payor, committee, or entity in accordance with this paragraph’’; and 
(5) by striking ‘‘In this paragraph, the term’’ 
and all that follows and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2)(A) For purposes of this paragraph, the 
term ‘health care economic information’ means any analysis (including the clinical data, in-
puts, clinical or other assumptions, methods, re-sults, and other components underlying or com-prising the analysis) that identifies, measures, or describes the economic consequences, which may be based on the separate or aggregated clinical consequences of the represented health outcomes, of the use of a drug. Such analysis may be comparative to the use of another drug, to another health care intervention, or to no intervention. 
‘‘(B) Such term does not include any analysis 
that relates only to an indication that is not ap-proved under section 505 or under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act for such drug.’’. 
SEC. 2102. FACILITATING RESPONSIBLE COMMU-
NICATION OF SCIENTIFIC AND MED-ICAL DEVELOPMENTS. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue draft guidance on facilitating the responsible dissemi-nation of truthful and nonmisleading scientific and medical information not included in the ap-proved labeling of drugs and devices. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘drug’’ and ‘‘device’’ have the meaning given to such terms in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). 
Subtitle G—Antibiotic Drug Development 
SEC. 2121. APPROVAL OF CERTAIN DRUGS FOR 
USE IN A LIMITED POPULATION OF PATIENTS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to help to expedite the development and avail-ability of treatments for serious or life-threat-ening bacterial or fungal infections in patients with unmet needs, while maintaining safety and effectiveness standards for such treatments, tak-ing into account the severity of the infection and the availability or lack of alternative treat-ments. 
(b) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN ANTIBACTERIAL AND  
ANTIFUNGAL DRUGS.—Section 505 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), as amended by section 2001, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(z) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN ANTIBACTERIAL  
ANDANTIFUNGAL DRUGS FOR USE IN A LIMITED  
POPULATION OF PATIENTS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROCESS .—At the request of the sponsor 
of an antibacterial or antifungal drug that is in-tended to treat a serious or life-threatening in-fection, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) may execute a written agreement with 
the sponsor on the process for developing data to support an application for approval of such drug, for use in a limited population of patients in accordance with this subsection; 
‘‘(B) shall proceed in accordance with this 
subsection only if a written agreement is reached under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) shall provide the sponsor with an oppor-
tunity to request meetings under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(D) if a written agreement is reached under 
subparagraph (A), may approve the drug under this subsection for such use— 
‘‘(i) in a limited population of patients for 
which there is an unmet medical need; 
‘‘(ii) based on a streamlined development pro-
gram; and 
‘‘(iii) only if the standards for approval under 
subsections (c) and (d) of this section or licen-sure under section 351 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act, as applicable, are met; and 
‘‘(E) in approving a drug in accordance with 
this subsection, subject to subparagraph (D)(iii), may rely upon— 
‘‘(i) traditional endpoints, alternate 
endpoints, or a combination of traditional and alternate endpoints, and, as appropriate, data sets of a limited size; and 
‘‘(ii)(I) additional data, including preclinical, 
pharmacologic, or pathophysiologic evidence; 
‘‘(II) nonclinical susceptibility and pharmaco-
kinetic data; ‘‘(III) data from phase 2 clinical trials; and 
‘‘(IV) such other confirmatory evidence as the 
Secretary determines appropriate to approve the drug. 
‘‘(2) F
ORMAL MEETINGS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To help to expedite and fa-
cilitate the development and review of a drug for which a sponsor intends to request approval in accordance with this subsection, the Sec-retary may, at the request of the sponsor, con-duct meetings that provide early consultation, timely advice, and sufficient opportunities to de-velop an agreement described in paragraph (1)(A) and help the sponsor design and conduct a drug development program as efficiently as possible, including the following types of meet-ings: 
‘‘(i) An early consultation meeting. ‘‘(ii) An assessment meeting. ‘‘(iii) A postapproval meeting. ‘‘(B) N
O ALTERING OF GOALS .—Nothing in this 
paragraph shall be construed to alter agreed upon goals and procedures identified in the let-ters described in section 101(b) of the Prescrip-tion Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012. 
‘‘(C) B
REAKTHROUGH THERAPIES .—In the case 
of a drug designated as a breakthrough therapy under section 506(a), the sponsor of such drug may elect to utilize meetings provided under such section with respect to such drug in lieu of meetings described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) L
ABELING REQUIREMENT .—The labeling of 
an antibacterial or antifungal drug approved in accordance with this subsection shall contain the statement ‘Limited Population’ in a promi-nent manner and adjacent to, and not more prominent than, the brand name of the product. The prescribing information for such anti-bacterial or antifungal drug required by section 201.57 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation) shall also include the following statement: ‘This drug is indicated for use in a limited and specific population of patients.’. 
‘‘(4) P
ROMOTIONAL MATERIALS .—The provi-
sions of section 506(c)(2)(B) shall apply with re-spect to approval in accordance with this sub-section to the same extent and in the same man-ner as such provisions apply with respect to ac-celerated approval in accordance with section 506(c)(1). 
‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION OF REQUIREMENTS OR CON -
DITIONS .—If a drug is approved in accordance 
with this subsection for an indication in a lim-ited population of patients and is subsequently approved or licensed under this section or sec-tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act, other than in accordance with this subsection, for— 
‘‘(A) the same indication and the same condi-
tions of use, the Secretary shall remove any la-beling requirements or postmarketing conditions that were made applicable to the drug under this subsection; or 
‘‘(B) a different indication or condition of use, 
the Secretary shall not apply the labeling re-quirements and postmarketing conditions that were made applicable to the drug under this subsection to the subsequent approval of the drug for such different indication or condition of use. 
‘‘(6) R
ELATION TO OTHER PROVISIONS .—Noth-
ing in this subsection shall be construed to pro-hibit the approval of a drug for use in a limited population of patients in accordance with this subsection, in combination with— 
‘‘(A) an agreement on the design and size of 
a clinical trial pursuant to subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (b)(5); 
‘‘(B) designation and treatment of the drug as 
a breakthrough therapy under section 506(a); 
‘‘(C) designation and treatment of the drug as 
a fast track product under section 506(b); or 
‘‘(D) accelerated approval of the drug in ac-
cordance with section 506(c). 
‘‘(7) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed— 
‘‘(A) to alter the standards of evidence under 
subsection (c) or (d) (including the substantial evidence standard in subsection (d)); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5048 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(B) to waive or otherwise preclude the appli-
cation of requirements under subsection (o); 
‘‘(C) to otherwise, in any way, limit the au-
thority of the Secretary to approve products pursuant to this Act and the Public Health Service Act as authorized prior to the date of enactment of this subsection; or 
‘‘(D) to restrict in any manner, the prescribing 
of antibiotics or other products by health care providers, or to otherwise limit or restrict the practice of health care. 
‘‘(8) E
FFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY .—The Secretary 
shall have the authorities vested in the Sec-retary by this subsection beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection, irrespective of when and whether the Secretary promulgates final regulations or guidance. 
‘‘(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) E ARLY CONSULTATION MEETING .—The 
term ‘early consultation meeting’ means a pre- investigational new drug meeting or an end-of- phase-1 meeting that— 
‘‘(i) is conducted to review and reach a writ-
ten agreement— 
‘‘(I) on the scope of the streamlined develop-
ment plan for a drug for which a sponsor in-tends to request approval in accordance with this subsection; and 
‘‘(II) which, as appropriate, may include 
agreement on the design and size of necessary preclinical and clinical studies early in the de-velopment process, including clinical trials whose data are intended to form the primary basis for an effectiveness claim; and 
‘‘(ii) provides an opportunity to discuss expec-
tations of the Secretary regarding studies or other information that the Secretary deems ap-propriate for purposes of applying paragraph (5), relating to the termination of labeling re-quirements or postmarketing conditions. 
‘‘(B) A
SSESSMENT MEETING .—The term ‘assess-
ment meeting’ means an end-of-phase 2 meeting, pre-new drug application meeting, or pre-bio-logics license application meeting conducted to resolve questions and issues raised during the course of clinical investigations, and details ad-dressed in the written agreement regarding post-approval commitments or expansion of approved uses. 
‘‘(C) P
OSTAPPROVAL MEETING .—The term 
‘postapproval meeting’ means a meeting fol-lowing initial approval or licensure of the drug for use in a limited population, to discuss any issues identified by the Secretary or the sponsor regarding postapproval commitments or expan-sion of approved uses.’’. 
(c) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall issue draft guidance describing criteria, process, and other general considerations for demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of antibacterial and antifungal drugs to be approved for use in a limited population in accordance with section 505(z) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (b). 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) L ICENSURE OF CERTAIN BIOLOGICAL PROD -
UCTS.—Section 351(j) of the Public Health Serv-
ice Act (42 U.S.C. 262(j)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(j)’’ and inserting ‘‘(j)(1)’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘505(z),’’ after ‘‘505(p),’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) In applying section 505(z) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to the licensure of biological products under this section— 
‘‘(A) references to an antibacterial or 
antifungal drug that is intended to treat a seri-ous or life-threatening infection shall be con-strued to refer to a biological product intended to treat a serious or life-threatening bacterial or fungal infection; and 
‘‘(B) references to approval of a drug under 
section 505(c) of such Act shall be construed to refer to a licensure of a biological product under subsection (a) of this section.’’. (2) M
ISBRANDING .—Section 502 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(dd) If it is a drug approved in accordance 
with section 505(z) and its labeling does not meet the requirements under paragraph (3) of such subsection, subject to paragraph (5) of such subsection.’’. 
(e) E
VALUATION .— 
(1) A SSESSMENT .—Not later than 48 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall pub-lish for public comment an assessment of the program established under section 505(z) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (b). Such assessment shall deter-mine if the limited-use pathway established 
under such section 505(z) has improved or is likely to improve patient access to novel anti-bacterial or antifungal treatments and assess how the pathway could be expanded to cover products for serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions beyond bacterial and fungal infec-tions. 
(2) M
EETING .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the publication of such assessment, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall hold a public meeting to discuss the findings of the assessment, during which public stakeholders may present their views on the success of the program established under section 505(z) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (b), and the appropriateness of expanding such pro-gram. 
(f) E
XPANSION OF PROGRAM .—If the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services determines, based on the assessment under subsection (e)(1), eval-uation of the assessment, and any other rel-evant information, that the public health would benefit from expansion of the limited-use path-way established under section 505(z) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (as added by subsection (b)) beyond the drugs approved in ac-cordance with such section, the Secretary may expand such limited-use pathway in accordance with such a determination. The approval of any drugs under any such expansion shall be subject to the considerations and requirements described in such section 505(z) for purposes of expansion to other serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions. 
(g) M
ONITORING .—The Public Health Service 
Act is amended by inserting after section 317T (42 U.S.C. 247b–22) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 317U. MONITORING ANTIBACTERIAL AND 
ANTIFUNGAL DRUG USE AND RE-SISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) M ONITORING .—The Secretary shall use 
an appropriate monitoring system to monitor— 
‘‘(1) the use of antibacterial and antifungal 
drugs, including those receiving approval or li-censure for a limited population pursuant to section 505(z) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and 
‘‘(2) changes in bacterial and fungal resist-
ance to drugs. 
‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF DATA.—The 
Secretary shall make summaries of the data de-rived from monitoring under this section pub-licly available for the purposes of— 
‘‘(1) improving the monitoring of important 
trends in antibacterial and antifungal resist-ance; and 
‘‘(2) ensuring appropriate stewardship of anti-
bacterial and antifungal drugs, including those receiving approval or licensure for a limited population pursuant to section 505(z) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.’’. 
SEC. 2122. SUSCEPTIBILITY TEST INTERPRETIVE 
CRITERIA FOR MICROORGANISMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 511 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 511. IDENTIFYING AND UPDATING SUSCEP-
TIBILITY TEST INTERPRETIVE CRI-TERIA FOR MICROORGANISMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE ; IDENTIFICATION OF CRITERIA .— ‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to provide the Secretary with an expedited, flexible method for— 
‘‘(A) clearance or premarket approval of anti-
microbial susceptibility testing devices utilizing updated, recognized susceptibility test interpre-tive criteria to characterize the in vitro suscepti-bility of particular bacteria, fungi, or other microorganisms to antimicrobial drugs; and 
‘‘(B) providing public notice of the avail-
ability of recognized interpretive criteria to meet premarket submission requirements or other re-quirements under this Act for antimicrobial sus-ceptibility testing devices. 
‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall iden-
tify appropriate susceptibility test interpretive criteria with respect to antimicrobial drugs— 
‘‘(A) if such criteria are available on the date 
of approval of the drug under section 505 of this Act or licensure of the drug under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as applicable), upon such approval or licensure; or 
‘‘(B) if such criteria are unavailable on such 
date, on the date on which such criteria are available for such drug. 
‘‘(3) B
ASES FOR INITIAL IDENTIFICATION .—The 
Secretary shall identify appropriate suscepti-bility test interpretive criteria under paragraph (2), based on the Secretary’s review of, to the ex-tent available and relevant— 
‘‘(A) preclinical and clinical data, including 
pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and epide-miological data; 
‘‘(B) Bayesian and pharmacometric statistical 
methodologies; and 
‘‘(C) such other evidence and information as 
the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(b) S
USCEPTIBILITY TESTINTERPRETIVE CRI-
TERIA WEBSITE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the Secretary shall establish, and maintain thereafter, on the website of the Food and Drug Administration, a dedicated website that contains a list of any appropriate new or updated susceptibility test interpretive criteria standards in accordance with paragraph (2) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Interpretive Cri-teria Website’). 
‘‘(2) L
ISTING OF SUSCEPTIBILITY TEST INTER -
PRETIVE CRITERIA STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The list described in para-
graph (1) shall consist of any new or updated susceptibility test interpretive criteria standards that are— 
‘‘(i) established by a nationally or inter-
nationally recognized standard development or-ganization that— 
‘‘(I) establishes and maintains procedures to 
address potential conflicts of interest and ensure transparent decisionmaking; 
‘‘(II) holds open meetings to ensure that there 
is an opportunity for public input by interested parties, and establishes and maintains processes to ensure that such input is considered in deci-sionmaking; and 
‘‘(III) permits its standards to be made pub-
licly available, through the National Library of Medicine or another similar source acceptable to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) recognized in whole, or in part, by the 
Secretary under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) O
THER LIST .—The Interpretive Criteria 
Website shall, in addition to the list described in subparagraph (A), include a list of interpretive criteria, if any, that the Secretary has deter-mined to be appropriate with respect to legally marketed antimicrobial drugs, where— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary does not recognize, in whole 
or in part, an interpretive criteria standard de-scribed under subparagraph (A) otherwise appli-cable to such a drug; 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary withdraws under sub-
section (c)(1)(B) recognition of a standard, in whole or in part, otherwise applicable to such a drug; 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary approves an application 
under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5049 July 10, 2015 
Public Health Service Act, as applicable, with 
respect to marketing of such a drug for which there are no relevant interpretive criteria in-cluded in a standard recognized by the Sec-retary under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(iv) because the characteristics of such a 
drug differ from other drugs with the same ac-tive ingredient, the interpretive criteria with re-spect to such drug— 
‘‘(I) differ from otherwise applicable interpre-
tive criteria included in a standard listed under subparagraph (A) or interpretive criteria other-wise listed under this subparagraph; and 
‘‘(II) are determined by the Secretary to be ap-
propriate for the drug. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED STATEMENTS OF LIMITATIONS  
OF INFORMATION .—The Interpretive Criteria 
Website shall include the following: 
‘‘(i) A statement that— ‘‘(I) the website provides information about 
the susceptibility of bacteria, fungi, or other microorganisms to a certain drug (or drugs); and 
‘‘(II) the safety and efficacy of the drug in 
treating clinical infections due to such bacteria, fungi, or other microorganisms may not have been established in adequate and well-controlled clinical trials and the clinical significance of such susceptibility information in such trials is unknown. 
‘‘(ii) A statement that directs health care 
practitioners to consult the approved product la-beling for specific drugs to determine the uses for which the Food and Drug Administration has approved the product. 
‘‘(iii) Any other statement that the Secretary 
determines appropriate to adequately convey the limitations of the data supporting susceptibility test interpretive criteria standard listed on the website. 
‘‘(3) N
OTICE .—Not later than the date on 
which the Interpretive Criteria Website is estab-lished, the Secretary shall publish a notice of that establishment in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(4) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF MISBRANDING PROVI -
SION.—The inclusion in the approved labeling of 
an antimicrobial drug of a reference or hyperlink to the Interpretive Criteria Website, in and of itself, shall not cause the drug to be mis-branded in violation of section 502, or the regu-lations promulgated thereunder. 
‘‘(5) T
RADE SECRETS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFOR -
MATION .—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued as authorizing the Secretary to disclose any information that is a trade secret or con-fidential information subject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOGNITION OF SUSCEPTIBILITY TESTIN-
TERPRETIVE CRITERIA FROM STANDARD DEVEL-
OPMENT ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
the establishment of the Interpretive Criteria Website, and at least every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) evaluate any appropriate new or up-
dated susceptibility test interpretive criteria standards established by a nationally or inter-nationally recognized standard development or-ganization described in subsection (b)(2)(A)(i); and 
‘‘(B) publish on the public website of the Food 
and Drug Administration a notice— 
‘‘(i) withdrawing recognition of any different 
susceptibility test interpretive criteria standard, in whole or in part; 
‘‘(ii) recognizing the new or updated stand-
ards; 
‘‘(iii) recognizing one or more parts of the new 
or updated interpretive criteria specified in such a standard and declining to recognize the re-mainder of such standard; and 
‘‘(iv) making any necessary updates to the 
lists under subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) B
ASES FOR UPDATING INTERPRETIVE CRI -
TERIA STANDARDS .—In evaluating new or up-
dated susceptibility test interpretive criteria standards under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary may consider— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary’s determination that such 
a standard is not applicable to a particular drug because the characteristics of the drug differ 
from other drugs with the same active ingre-dient; 
‘‘(B) information provided by interested third 
parties, including public comment on the annual compilation of notices published under para-graph (3); 
‘‘(C) any bases used to identify susceptibility 
test interpretive criteria under subsection (a)(2); and 
‘‘(D) such other information or factors as the 
Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL COMPILATION OF NOTICES .—Each 
year, the Secretary shall compile the notices published under paragraph (1)(B) and publish such compilation in the Federal Register and provide for public comment. If the Secretary re-ceives comments, the Secretary shall review such comments and, if the Secretary determines ap-propriate, update pursuant to this subsection susceptibility test interpretive criteria stand-ards— 
‘‘(A) recognized by the Secretary under this 
subsection; or 
‘‘(B) otherwise listed on the Interpretive Cri-
teria Website under subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(4) R
ELATION TO SECTION 514( c).—Any suscep-
tibility test interpretive standard recognized under this subsection or any criteria otherwise listed under subsection (b)(2)(B) shall be deemed to be recognized as a standard by the Secretary under section 514(c)(1). 
‘‘(5) V
OLUNTARY USE OF INTERPRETIVE CRI -
TERIA .—Nothing in this section prohibits a per-
son from seeking approval or clearance of a drug or device, or changes to the drug or the de-vice, on the basis of susceptibility test interpre-tive criteria standards which differ from those recognized pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) A
NTIMICROBIAL DRUGLABELING .— 
‘‘(1) D RUGS MARKETED PRIOR TO ESTABLISH -
MENT OF INTERPRETIVE CRITERIA WEBSITE .—With 
respect to an antimicrobial drug lawfully intro-duced or delivered for introduction into inter-state commerce for commercial distribution be-fore the establishment of the Interpretive Cri-teria Website, a holder of an approved applica-tion under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable, for each such drug— 
‘‘(A) not later than 1 year after establishment 
of the Interpretive Criteria Website, shall submit to the Secretary a supplemental application for purposes of changing the drug’s labeling to sub-stitute a reference or hyperlink to such Website for any susceptibility test interpretive criteria and related information; and 
‘‘(B) may begin distribution of the drug in-
volved upon receipt by the Secretary of the sup-plemental application for such change. 
‘‘(2) D
RUGS MARKETED SUBSEQUENT TO ESTAB -
LISHMENT OF INTERPRETIVE CRITERIA WEBSITE .— 
With respect to antimicrobial drugs lawfully in-troduced or delivered for introduction into inter-state commerce for commercial distribution on or after the date of the establishment of the Inter-pretive Criteria Website, the labeling for such a drug shall include, in lieu of susceptibility test interpretive criteria and related information, a reference to such Website. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL CONDITION FOR MARKETING OF  
ANTIMICROBIAL SUSCEPTIBILITY TESTING DE-
VICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 
501, 502, 510, 513, and 515, if the conditions spec-ified in paragraph (2) are met (in addition to other applicable provisions under this chapter) with respect to an antimicrobial susceptibility testing device described in subsection (f)(1), the Secretary may authorize the marketing of such device for a use described in such subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO ANTI -
MICROBIAL SUSCEPTIBILITY TESTING DEVICES .— 
The conditions specified in this paragraph are the following: 
‘‘(A) The device is used to make a determina-
tion of susceptibility using susceptibility test in-terpretive criteria that are— ‘‘(i) included in a standard recognized by the 
Secretary under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) otherwise listed on the Interpretive Cri-
teria Website under subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(B) The labeling of such device prominently 
and conspicuously— 
‘‘(i) includes a statement that— ‘‘(I) the device provides information about the 
susceptibility of bacteria and fungi to certain drugs; and 
‘‘(II) the safety and efficacy of such drugs in 
treating clinical infections due to such bacteria or fungi may not have been established in ade-quate and well-controlled clinical trials and the clinical significance of such susceptibility infor-mation in those instances is unknown; 
‘‘(ii) includes a statement directing health 
care practitioners to consult the approved label-ing for drugs tested using such a device, to de-termine the uses for which the Food and Drug Administration has approved such drugs; and 
‘‘(iii) includes any other statement the Sec-
retary determines appropriate to adequately convey the limitations of the data supporting the interpretive criteria described in subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘antimicrobial susceptibility 
testing device’ means a device that utilizes sus-ceptibility test interpretive criteria to determine and report the in vitro susceptibility of certain microorganisms to a drug (or drugs). 
‘‘(2) The term ‘qualified infectious disease 
product’ means a qualified infectious disease product designated under section 505E(d). 
‘‘(3) The term ‘susceptibility test interpretive 
criteria’ means— 
‘‘(A) one or more specific numerical values 
which characterize the susceptibility of bacteria or other microorganisms to the drug tested; and 
‘‘(B) related categorizations of such suscepti-
bility, including categorization of the drug as susceptible, intermediate, resistant, or such other term as the Secretary determines appro-priate. 
‘‘(4)(A) The term ‘antimicrobial drug’ means, 
subject to subparagraph (B), a systemic anti-bacterial or antifungal drug that— 
‘‘(i) is intended for human use in the treat-
ment of a disease or condition caused by a bac-terium or fungus; 
‘‘(ii) may include a qualified infectious disease 
product designated under section 505E(d); and 
‘‘(iii) is subject to section 503(b)(1). ‘‘(B) If provided by the Secretary through reg-
ulations, such term may include— 
‘‘(i) drugs other than systemic antibacterial 
and antifungal drugs; and 
‘‘(ii) biological products (as such term is de-
fined in section 351 of the Public Health Service Act) to the extent such products exhibit anti-microbial activity. 
‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed— 
‘‘(1) to alter the standards of evidence— ‘‘(A) under subsection (c) or (d) of section 505, 
including the substantial evidence standard in section 505(d), or under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as applicable); or 
‘‘(B) with respect to marketing authorization 
for devices, under section 510, 513, or 515; 
‘‘(2) to apply with respect to any drug, device, 
or biological product, in any context other than— 
‘‘(A) an antimicrobial drug; or ‘‘(B) an antimicrobial susceptibility testing de-
vice that uses susceptibility test interpretive cri-teria to characterize and report the in vitro sus-ceptibility of certain bacteria, fungi, or other microorganisms to antimicrobial drugs in ac-cordance with this section; or 
‘‘(3) unless specifically stated, to have any ef-
fect on authorities provided under other sections of this Act, including any regulations issued under such sections.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) R EPEAL OF RELATED AUTHORITY .—Section 
1111 of the Food and Drug Administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5050 July 10, 2015 
Amendments Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 247d–5a; re-
lating to identification of clinically susceptible concentrations of antimicrobials) is repealed. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in section 2 of the Food and Drug Admin-istration Amendments Act of 2007 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1111. 
(3) M
ISBRANDING .—Section 502 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352), 
as amended by section 2121, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ee) If it is an antimicrobial drug and its la-
beling fails to conform with the requirements under section 511(d).’’. 
(4) R
ECOGNITION OF INTERPRETIVE CRITERIA AS  
DEVICE STANDARD .—Section 514(c)(1)(A) of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360d(c)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘the Secretary shall, by publication in the Federal Register’’ the following: ‘‘(or, with re-spect to susceptibility test interpretive criteria or standards recognized or otherwise listed under section 511, by posting on the Interpretive Cri-teria Website in accordance with such section)’’. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than two 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate a report on the progress made in implementing section 511 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360a), as amended by this section. 
(d) R
EQUESTS FOR UPDATES TO INTERPRETIVE  
CRITERIA WEBSITE .—Chapter 35 of title 44, 
United States Code, shall not apply to the col-lection of information from interested parties re-garding the updating of lists under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) section 511 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (as amended by subsection (a)) and posted on the Interpretive Criteria Website established under paragraph (1) of such subsection (b). 
(e) N
OEFFECT ON HEALTH CAREPRACTICE .— 
Nothing in this subtitle (including the amend-ments made by this subtitle) shall be construed to restrict, in any manner, the prescribing or ad-ministering of antibiotics or other products by health care practitioners, or to limit the practice of health care. 
SEC. 2123. ENCOURAGING THE DEVELOPMENT 
AND USE OF DISARM DRUGS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PAYMENT FOR DISARM 
DRUGS UNDER MEDICARE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(5) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(M)(i) As part of the annual rulemaking con-
ducted with respect to payment for subsection (d) hospitals for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) include a list of the DISARM drugs for 
such fiscal year; and 
‘‘(II) with respect to discharges by eligible 
hospitals that involve a drug so listed, provide for an additional payment to be made under this subsection in accordance with the provisions of this subparagraph. 
‘‘(ii) Additional payments may not be made 
for a drug under this subparagraph— 
‘‘(I) other than during the 5-fiscal-year period 
beginning with the fiscal year for which the drug is first included in the list described in clause (i)(I); and 
‘‘(II) with respect to which payment has ever 
been made pursuant to subparagraph (K). 
‘‘(iii) For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
term ‘DISARM drug’ means a product that is approved for use, or a product for which an in-dication is first approved for use, by the Food and Drug Administration on or after December 1, 2014, and that the Food and Drug Adminis-tration determines is an antimicrobial product (as defined in clause (iv)) and is intended to treat an infection— 
‘‘(I) for which there is an unmet medical need; 
and ‘‘(II) which is associated with high rates of 
mortality or significant patient morbidity, as de-termined in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the infectious disease professional commu-nity. 
‘‘(iv) For purposes of clause (iii), the term 
‘antimicrobial product’ means a product that ei-ther— 
‘‘(I) is intended to treat an infection caused 
by, or likely to be caused by, a qualifying pathogen (as defined under section 505E(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act); or 
‘‘(II) meets the definition of a qualified infec-
tious disease product under section 505E(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. 
Such determination may be revoked only upon a 
finding that the request for such determination contained an untrue statement of material fact. 
‘‘(v) For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
term ‘eligible hospital’ means a subsection (d) hospital that participates in the National Healthcare Safety Network of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (or, to the ex-tent a similar surveillance system that includes reporting about antimicrobial drugs is deter-mined by the Secretary to be available to such hospitals, such similar surveillance system as the Secretary may specify). 
‘‘(vi) Subject to the succeeding provisions of 
this subparagraph, the additional payment under this subparagraph, with respect to a drug, shall be in the amount provided for such drug under section 1847A. 
‘‘(vii) As part of the rulemaking referred to in 
clause (i) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall estimate— 
‘‘(I) total add-on payments (as defined in sub-
clause (I) of clause (ix)); and 
‘‘(II) total hospital payments (as defined in 
subclause (II) of such clause). 
‘‘(viii) If the total add-on payments estimated 
pursuant to clause (vii)(I) for a fiscal year ex-ceed 0.02 percent of the total hospital payments estimated pursuant to clause (vii)(II) for such fiscal year, the Secretary shall reduce in a pro rata manner the amount of each additional pay-ment under this subsection pursuant to this sub-paragraph for such fiscal year in order to en-sure that the total add-on payments estimated for such fiscal year do not exceed 0.02 percent of the total hospital payments estimated for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(ix) In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) The term ‘total add-on payments’ means, 
with respect to a fiscal year, the total amount of the additional payments under this subsection pursuant to this subparagraph for discharges in such fiscal year without regard to the applica-tion of clause (viii). 
‘‘(II) The term ‘total hospital payments’ 
means, with respect to a fiscal year, the total amount of payments made under this subsection for all discharges in such fiscal year.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) N O DUPLICATIVE NTAP PAYMENTS .—Section 
1886(d)(5)(K)(vi) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(K)(vi)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘and if additional payment has never been made under this subsection pursuant to subparagraph (M) with respect to the service or technology’’ before the period at the end. 
(B) A
CCESS TO PRICE INFORMATION .—Section 
1927(b)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(b)(3)(A)) is amended— 
(i) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘for each’’ and inserting ‘‘, for 
each’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii)— (I) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or under 
section 1886(d) pursuant to paragraph (5)(M) of such section,’’ after ‘‘1847A,’’; 
(II) in the matter following subclause (III), by 
striking ‘‘or 1881(b)(13)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘, section 1881(b)(13)(A)(ii), or section 1886(d)(5)(M)’’; and 
(III) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) in clause (iv), by striking the semicolon at 
the end and inserting a period. 
(b) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON REMOVING BAR-
RIERS TO DEVELOPMENT OF DISARM D RUGS.— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall, in consultation with the Di-rector of the National Institutes of Health, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, and the Di-rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, conduct a study to— 
(A) identify and examine the barriers that 
prevent the development of DISARM drugs, as defined in section 1886(d)(5)(M)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(M)(iii)), as added by subsection (a)(1); and 
(B) develop recommendations for actions to be 
taken in order to overcome any barriers identi-fied under subparagraph (A). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
Subtitle H—Vaccine Access, Certainty, and 
Innovation 
SEC. 2141. TIMELY REVIEW OF VACCINES BY THE 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON IMMUNI-ZATION PRACTICES. 
Section 2102(a) of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 300aa–2(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(10) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE ON IMMUNIZATION  
PRACTICES .— 
‘‘(A) S TANDARD PERIODS OF TIME FOR MAKING  
RECOMMENDATIONS .—Upon the licensure of any 
vaccine or any new indication for a vaccine, the Director of the Program shall direct the Advi-sory Committee on Immunization Practices, at its next regularly scheduled meeting, to consider the use of the vaccine. 
‘‘(B) E
XPEDITED REVIEW PURSUANT TO RE -
QUEST BY SPONSOR OR MANUFACTURER .—If the 
Advisory Committee does not make recommenda-tions with respect to the use of a vaccine at the Advisory Committee’s first regularly scheduled meeting after the licensure of the vaccine or any new indication for the vaccine, the Advisory Committee, at the request of the sponsor of the vaccine, shall make such recommendations on an expedited basis. 
‘‘(C) E
XPEDITED REVIEW FOR BREAKTHROUGH  
THERAPIES AND FOR USE DURING PUBLIC HEALTH  
EMERGENCIES .—If a vaccine is designated as a 
breakthrough therapy under section 506 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and is li-censed under section 351 of this Act, the Advi-sory Committee shall make recommendations with respect to the use of the vaccine on an ex-pedited basis. 
‘‘(D) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
terms ‘Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’ and ‘Advisory Committee’ mean the advisory committee on immunization practices established by the Secretary pursuant to section 222, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.’’. 
SEC. 2142. REVIEW OF PROCESSES AND CONSIST-
ENCY OF ACIP RECOMMENDATIONS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Director of the Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention shall conduct a review of the process used by the Advisory Com-mittee on Immunization Practices to evaluate consistency in formulating and issuing rec-ommendations pertaining to vaccines. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The review under sub-
section (a) shall include assessment of— 
(1) the criteria used to evaluate new and exist-
ing vaccines; 
(2) the Grading of Recommendations, Assess-
ment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach to the review and analysis of scientific and economic data, including the scientific basis for such approach; and 
(3) the extent to which the processes used by 
the working groups of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices are consistent among groups. 
(c) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—In carrying out the re-
view under subsection (a), the Director of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5051 July 10, 2015 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
shall solicit input from vaccine stakeholders. 
(d) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion shall submit to the appropriate committees of the Congress and make publicly available a report on the results of the review under sub-section (a), including recommendations on im-proving the consistency of the process described in such subsection. 
(e) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Advisory Committee on Immunization Prac-tices’’ means the advisory committee on immuni-zation practices established by the Secretary of Health and Human Services pursuant to section 222 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 217a), acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
SEC. 2143. MEETINGS BETWEEN CDC AND VAC-
CINE DEVELOPERS. 
Section 310 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 242o) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection, the term ‘vaccine 
developer’ means a nongovernmental entity en-gaged in— 
‘‘(A)(i) the development of a vaccine with the 
intent to pursue licensing of the vaccine by the Food and Drug Administration; or 
‘‘(ii) the production of a vaccine licensed by 
the Food and Drug Administration; and 
‘‘(B) vaccine research. ‘‘(2)(A) Upon the submission of a written re-
quest for a meeting by a vaccine developer, that includes a valid justification for the meeting, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall convene a meeting of representatives of the vaccine developer and experts from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in immuni-zation programs, epidemiology, and other rel-evant areas at which the Director (or the Direc-tor’s designee), for the purpose of informing the vaccine developer’s understanding of public health needs and priorities, shall provide the perspectives of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other relevant Federal agencies regarding— 
‘‘(i) public health needs, epidemiology, and 
implementation considerations with regard to a vaccine developer’s potential vaccine profile; and 
‘‘(ii) potential implications of such perspec-
tives for the vaccine developer’s vaccine re-search and development planning. 
‘‘(B) In addition to the representatives speci-
fied in subparagraph (A), the Secretary may, with the agreement of the vaccine developer re-questing a meeting under such subparagraph, include in such meeting representatives of— 
‘‘(i) the Food and Drug Administration; and ‘‘(ii) the National Vaccine Program. ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall convene a meeting 
requested with a valid justification under sub-paragraph (A) not later than 120 days after re-ceipt of the request for the meeting. 
‘‘(3)(A) Upon the submission of a written re-
quest by a vaccine developer, the Secretary, act-ing through the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, shall provide to the vaccine developer any age-based or other de-mographically assessed disease epidemiological analyses or data that— 
‘‘(i) are specified in the request; ‘‘(ii) have been published; 
‘‘(iii) have been performed by or are in the 
possession of the Centers; 
‘‘(iv) are not a trade secret or commercial or 
financial information that is privileged or con-fidential and subject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code; and 
‘‘(v) do not contain individually identifiable 
information. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall provide analyses re-
quested by a vaccine manufacturer under sub-paragraph (A) not later than 120 calendar days after receipt of the request for the analyses. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall promptly notify a 
vaccine developer if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary becomes aware of any sig-
nificant change to information that was— 
‘‘(i) shared by the Secretary with the vaccine 
developer during a meeting under paragraph (2); or 
‘‘(ii) provided by the Secretary to the vaccine 
developer in one or more analyses under para-graph (3); and 
‘‘(B) the change to such information may 
have implications for the vaccine developer’s vaccine research and development.’’. 
Subtitle I—Orphan Product Extensions Now; 
Incentives for Certain Products for Limited Populations 
SEC. 2151. EXTENSION OF EXCLUSIVITY PERIODS 
FOR A DRUG APPROVED FOR A NEW INDICATION FOR A RARE DISEASE OR CONDITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by sections 2062 and 2063, is further amended by in-serting after section 505H of such Act the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 505I. EXTENSION OF EXCLUSIVITY PERIODS 
FOR A DRUG APPROVED FOR A NEW INDICATION FOR A RARE DISEASE OR CONDITION. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-
ignate a drug as a drug approved for a new in-dication to prevent, diagnose, or treat a rare disease or condition for purposes of granting the extensions under subsection (b) if— 
‘‘(A) prior to approval of an application or 
supplemental application for the new indica-tion, the drug was approved or licensed for mar-keting under section 505(c) of this Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act but was not so approved or licensed for the new indica-tion; 
‘‘(B)(i) the sponsor of the approved or licensed 
drug files an application or a supplemental ap-plication for approval of the new indication for use of the drug to prevent, diagnose, or treat the rare disease or condition; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary approves the application or 
supplemental application; and 
‘‘(C) the application or supplemental applica-
tion for the new indication contains the consent of the applicant to notice being given by the Secretary under paragraph (4) respecting the designation of the drug. 
‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION OF DESIGNATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), a designation under paragraph (1) shall not be revoked for any reason. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may revoke a 
designation of a drug under paragraph (1) if the Secretary finds that the application or supple-mental application resulting in such designation contained an untrue statement of material fact. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION PRIOR TO DISCONTINUANCE  
OF PRODUCTION FOR SOLELY COMMERCIAL REA -
SONS.—A designation of a drug under para-
graph (1) shall be subject to the condition that the sponsor of the drug will notify the Secretary of any discontinuance of the production of the drug for solely commercial reasons at least one year before such discontinuance. 
‘‘(4) N
OTICE TO PUBLIC .—Notice respecting the 
designation of a drug under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. 
‘‘(b) E
XTENSION .—If the Secretary designates 
a drug as a drug approved for a new indication for a rare disease or condition, as described in subsection (a)(1)— 
‘‘(1)(A) the 4-, 5-, and 7
1⁄2-year periods de-
scribed in subsections (c)(3)(E)(ii) and (j)(5)(F)(ii) of section 505, the 3-year periods de-scribed in clauses (iii) and (iv) of subsection (c)(3)(E) and clauses (iii) and (iv) of subsection (j)(5)(F) of section 505, and the 7-year period de-scribed in section 527, as applicable, shall be ex-tended by 6 months; or 
‘‘(B) the 4- and 12-year periods described in 
subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 351(k)(7) of the Public Health Service Act and the 7-year 
period described in section 527, as applicable, shall be extended by 6 months; and 
‘‘(2)(A) if the drug is the subject of a listed 
patent for which a certification has been sub-mitted under subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii) or (j)(2)(A)(vii)(II) of section 505 or a listed patent for which a certification has been submitted under subsections (b)(2)(A)(iii) or (j)(2)(A)(vii)(III) of section 505, the period dur-ing which an application may not be approved under section 505(c)(3) or section 505(j)(5)(B) shall be extended by a period of 6 months after the date the patent expires (including any pat-ent extensions); or 
‘‘(B) if the drug is the subject of a listed pat-
ent for which a certification has been submitted under subsection (b)(2)(A)(iv) or (j)(2)(A)(vii)(IV) of section 505, and in the pat-ent infringement litigation resulting from the certification the court determines that the pat-ent is valid and would be infringed, the period during which an application may not be ap-proved under section 505(c)(3) or section 505(j)(5)(B) shall be extended by a period of 6 months after the date the patent expires (includ-ing any patent extensions). 
‘‘(c) R
ELATION TO PEDIATRIC AND QUALIFIED  
INFECTIOUS DISEASE PRODUCT EXCLUSIVITY .— 
Any extension under subsection (b) of a period shall be in addition to any extension of the peri-ods under sections 505A and 505E of this Act and section 351(m) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable, with respect to the drug. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .—The extension described in 
subsection (b) shall not apply if the drug des-ignated under subsection (a)(1) has previously received an extension by operation of subsection (b). 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘rare disease or condition’ has the meaning given to such term in section 526(a)(2).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 505G of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by sub-section (a), applies only with respect to a drug for which an application or supplemental appli-cation described in subsection (a)(1)(B)(i) of such section 505G is first approved under section 505(c) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355(c)) or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)) on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) R ELATION TO PEDIATRIC EXCLUSIVITY FOR  
DRUGS .—Section 505A of the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355a) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(3) R
ELATION TO EXCLUSIVITY FOR A DRUG  
APPROVED FOR A NEW INDICATION FOR A RARE  
DISEASE OR CONDITION .—Notwithstanding the 
references in paragraph (1) to the lengths of the exclusivity periods after application of pediatric exclusivity, the 6-month extensions described in paragraph (1) shall be in addition to any exten-sions under section 505G.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(3) R
ELATION TO EXCLUSIVITY FOR A DRUG  
APPROVED FOR A NEW INDICATION FOR A RARE  
DISEASE OR CONDITION .—Notwithstanding the 
references in paragraph (1) to the lengths of the exclusivity periods after application of pediatric exclusivity, the 6-month extensions described in paragraph (1) shall be in addition to any exten-sions under section 505G.’’. 
(2) R
ELATION TO EXCLUSIVITY FOR NEW QUALI -
FIED INFECTIOUS DISEASE PRODUCTS THAT ARE  
DRUGS .—Subsection (b) of section 505E of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355f) is amended— 
(A) by amending the subsection heading to 
read as follows: ‘‘R
ELATION TO PEDIATRIC EX-
CLUSIVITY AND EXCLUSIVITY FOR A DRUG AP-
PROVED FOR A NEWINDICATION FOR A RAREDIS-
EASE OR CONDITION .—’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5052 July 10, 2015 
(B) by striking ‘‘any extension of the period 
under section 505A’’ and inserting ‘‘any exten-sion of the periods under sections 505A and 505G, as applicable,’’. 
(3) R
ELATION TO PEDIATRIC EXCLUSIVITY FOR  
BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS .—Section 351(m) of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) R
ELATION TO EXCLUSIVITY FOR A BIOLOGI -
CAL PRODUCT APPROVED FOR A NEW INDICATION  
FOR A RARE DISEASE OR CONDITION .—Notwith-
standing the references in paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), (3)(A), and (3)(B) to the lengths of the exclusivity periods after application of pediatric exclusivity, the 6-month extensions described in such paragraphs shall be in addition to any ex-tensions under section 505G.’’. 
SEC. 2152. REAUTHORIZATION OF RARE PEDI-
ATRIC DISEASE PRIORITY REVIEW VOUCHER INCENTIVE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by amending subpara-
graph (A) to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) The disease is a serious or life-threat-
ening disease in which the serious or life-threat-ening manifestations primarily affect individ-uals aged from birth to 18 years, including age groups often called neonates, infants, children, and adolescents.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) is for a drug or biological product for 
which a priority review voucher has not been issued under section 524 (relating to tropical dis-ease products).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (5) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not 
award any priority review vouchers under para-graph (1) after December 31, 2018. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), the sponsor of a drug that is des-ignated under subsection (d) as a drug for a rare pediatric disease and that is the subject of a rare pediatric disease product application that is submitted during the period beginning on the date of enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act and ending the date specified in subparagraph (A) shall remain eligible to receive a priority re-view voucher under paragraph (1) irrespective of whether the rare pediatric disease product application with respect to such drug is ap-proved after the end of such period.’’. 
(b) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study on the ef-fectiveness of awarding priority review vouchers under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) in providing incentives for the development of drugs that treat or prevent rare pediatric diseases (as de-fined in subsection (a)(3) of such section) that would not otherwise have been developed. In conducting such study, the Comptroller General shall examine the following: 
(A) The indications for which each drug for 
which a priority review voucher was awarded under such section 529 was approved under sec-tion 505 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355) or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). 
(B) Whether the priority review voucher im-
pacted a sponsor’s decision to invest in devel-oping a drug to treat or prevent a rare pediatric disease. 
(C) An analysis of the drugs that utilized such 
priority review vouchers, which shall include— 
(i) the indications for which such drugs were 
approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) or sec-tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 
U.S.C. 262); 
(ii) whether unmet medical needs were ad-
dressed through the approval of such drugs, in-cluding, for each such drug— 
(I) if an alternative therapy was previously 
available to treat the indication; and 
(II) the benefit or advantage the drug pro-
vided over another available therapy; 
(iii) the number of patients potentially treated 
by such drugs; 
(iv) the value of the priority review voucher if 
transferred; and 
(v) the length of time between the date on 
which a priority review voucher was awarded and the date on which it was used. 
(D) With respect to the priority review vouch-
er program under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff)— 
(i) the resources used by, and burden placed 
on, the Food and Drug Administration in imple-menting such program, including the effect of such program on the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s review of drugs for which a priority re-view voucher was not awarded or used; 
(ii) the impact of the program on the public 
health as a result of the expedited review of ap-plications for drugs that treat or prevent non- serious indications that are generally used by the broader public; and 
(iii) alternative approaches to improving such 
program so that the program is appropriately targeted toward providing incentives for the de-velopment of clinically important drugs that— 
(I) prevent or treat rare pediatric diseases; 
and 
(II) would likely not otherwise have been de-
veloped to prevent or treat such diseases. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate a report containing the results of the study of conducted under paragraph (1). 
Subtitle J—Domestic Manufacturing and 
Export Efficiencies 
SEC. 2161. GRANTS FOR STUDYING THE PROCESS 
OF CONTINUOUS DRUG MANUFAC-TURING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of Food 
and Drugs may award grants to institutions of higher education and nonprofit organizations for the purpose of studying and recommending improvements to the process of continuous man-ufacturing of drugs and biological products and similar innovative monitoring and control tech-niques. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘drug’’ has the meaning given to 
such term in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). 
(2) The term ‘‘biological product’’ has the 
meaning given to such term in section 351(i) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(i)). 
(3) The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ 
has the meaning given to such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
SEC. 2162. RE-EXPORTATION AMONG MEMBERS 
OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA. 
Section 1003 of the Controlled Substances Im-
port and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 953) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, except that the controlled 
substance may be exported from the second country to another country that is a member of the European Economic Area’’ before the period at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) Subsequent to any re-exportation de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), a controlled sub-stance may continue to be exported from any country that is a member of the European Eco-nomic Area to any other such country, provided that— 
‘‘(i) the conditions applicable with respect to 
the first country under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), and (7) are met by each subsequent country from which the controlled substance is exported pursuant to this paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) the conditions applicable with respect to 
the second country under such paragraphs are met by each subsequent country to which the controlled substance is exported pursuant to this paragraph.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)(A)’’; 
and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) In the case of re-exportation among 
members of the European Economic Area, with-in 30 days after each re-exportation, the person who exported the controlled substance from the United States delivers to the Attorney General— 
‘‘(i) documentation certifying that such re-ex-
portation has occurred; and 
‘‘(ii) information concerning the consignee, 
country, and product.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) L
IMITATION .—Subject to paragraphs (5) 
and (6) of subsection (f) in the case of any con-trolled substance in schedule I or II or any nar-cotic drug in schedule III or IV, the Attorney General shall not promulgate nor enforce any regulation, subregulatory guidance, or enforce-ment policy which impedes re-exportation of any controlled substance among European Eco-nomic Area countries, including by promul-gating or enforcing any requirement that— 
‘‘(1) re-exportation from the first country to 
the second country or re-exportation from the second country to another country occur within a specified period of time; or 
‘‘(2) information concerning the consignee, 
country, and product be provided prior to expor-tation of the controlled substance from the United States or prior to each re-exportation among members of the European Economic Area.’’. 
Subtitle K—Enhancing Combination Products 
Review 
SEC. 2181. ENHANCING COMBINATION PRODUCTS 
REVIEW. 
Section 503(g)(4)(C) of the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 353(g)(4)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: 
‘‘(iii) Not later than 18 months after the date 
of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the Secretary shall issue final guidance that de-scribes the responsibilities of each agency center regarding its review of combination products. The Secretary shall, after soliciting public com-ment, review and update the guidance periodi-cally.’’. 
Subtitle L—Priority Review for Breakthrough 
Devices 
SEC. 2201. PRIORITY REVIEW FOR BREAK-
THROUGH DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended— 
(1) in section 515(d)— (A) by striking paragraph (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
graph (5); and 
(2) by inserting after section 515A (21 U.S.C. 
360e–1) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 515B. PRIORITY REVIEW FOR BREAK-
THROUGH DEVICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to provide for 
more effective treatment or diagnosis of life- threatening or irreversibly debilitating human diseases or conditions, the Secretary shall estab-lish a program to provide priority review for de-vices— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5053 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(1) representing breakthrough technologies; 
‘‘(2) for which no approved alternatives exist; ‘‘(3) offering significant advantages over ex-
isting approved or cleared alternatives, includ-ing the potential to, compared to existing ap-proved or cleared alternatives, reduce or elimi-nate the need for hospitalization, improve pa-tient quality of life, facilitate patients’ ability to manage their own care (such as through self-di-rected personal assistance), or establish long- term clinical efficiencies; or 
‘‘(4) the availability of which is in the best in-
terest of patients. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUEST FOR DESIGNATION .—A sponsor 
of a device may request that the Secretary des-ignate the device for priority review under this section. Any such request for designation may be made at any time prior to the submission of an application under section 515(c), a petition for classification under section 513(f)(2), or a notification under section 510(k). 
‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 calendar 
days after the receipt of a request under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall determine wheth-er the device that is the subject of the request meets the criteria described in subsection (a). If the Secretary determines that the device meets the criteria, the Secretary shall designate the device for priority review. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—Review of a request under sub-
section (b) shall be undertaken by a team that is composed of experienced staff and managers of the Food and Drug Administration and is chaired by a senior manager. 
‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION DETERMINATION .—A deter-
mination approving or denying a request under subsection (b) shall be considered a significant decision under section 517A and the Secretary shall provide a written, substantive summary of the basis for the determination in accordance with section 517A(a). 
‘‘(4) R
ECONSIDERATION .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUEST FOR RECONSIDERATION .—Any 
person whose request under subsection (b) is de-nied may, within 30 days of the denial, request reconsideration of the denial in accordance with section 517A(b)— 
‘‘(i) based upon the submission of documents 
by such person; or 
‘‘(ii) based upon such documents and a meet-
ing or teleconference. 
‘‘(B) R
ESPONSE .—Reconsideration of a des-
ignation determination under this paragraph shall be conducted in accordance with section 517A(b). 
‘‘(5) W
ITHDRAWAL .—If the Secretary approves 
a priority review designation for a device under this section, the Secretary may not withdraw the designation based on the fact that the cri-teria specified in subsection (a) are no longer met because of the subsequent clearance or ap-proval of another device that was designated under— 
‘‘(A) this section; or ‘‘(B) section 515(d)(5) (as in effect immediately 
prior to the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act). 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) A CTIONS .—For purposes of expediting the 
development and review of devices designated under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) assign a team of staff, including a team 
leader with appropriate subject matter expertise and experience, for each device for which a re-quest is submitted under subsection (b); 
‘‘(B) provide for oversight of the team by sen-
ior agency personnel to facilitate the efficient development of the device and the efficient re-view of any submission described in subsection (b) for the device; 
‘‘(C) adopt an efficient process for timely dis-
pute resolution; 
‘‘(D) provide for interactive communication 
with the sponsor of the device during the review process; 
‘‘(E) expedite the Secretary’s review of manu-
facturing and quality systems compliance, as applicable; ‘‘(F) disclose to the sponsor in advance the 
topics of any consultation concerning the spon-sor’s device that the Secretary intends to under-take with external experts or an advisory com-mittee and provide the sponsor an opportunity to recommend such external experts; 
‘‘(G) for applications submitted under section 
515(c), provide for advisory committee input, as the Secretary determines appropriate (including in response to the request of the sponsor); and 
‘‘(H) assign staff to be available within a rea-
sonable time to address questions posed by insti-tutional review committees concerning the con-ditions and clinical testing requirements appli-cable to the investigational use of the device pursuant to an exemption under section 520(g). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—In addition to the 
actions described in paragraph (1), for purposes of expediting the development and review of de-vices designated under subsection (c), the Sec-retary, in collaboration with the device sponsor, may, as appropriate— 
‘‘(A) coordinate with the sponsor regarding 
early agreement on a data development plan; 
‘‘(B) take steps to ensure that the design of 
clinical trials is as efficient as practicable, such as through adoption of shorter or smaller clin-ical trials, application of surrogate endpoints, and use of adaptive trial designs and Bayesian statistics, to the extent scientifically appro-priate; 
‘‘(C) facilitate, to the extent scientifically ap-
propriate, expedited and efficient development and review of the device through utilization of timely postmarket data collection, with regard to applications for approval under section 515(c); and 
‘‘(D) agree to clinical protocols that the Sec-
retary will consider binding on the Secretary and the sponsor, subject to— 
‘‘(i) changes agreed to by the sponsor and the 
Secretary; 
‘‘(ii) changes that the Secretary determines 
are required to prevent an unreasonable risk to the public health; or 
‘‘(iii) the identification of a substantial sci-
entific issue determined by the Secretary to be essential to the safety or effectiveness of the de-vice involved. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY REVIEW GUIDANCE .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTENT .—The Secretary shall issue 
guidance on the implementation of this section. Such guidance shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The process for a person to seek a pri-
ority review designation. 
‘‘(B) A template for requests under subsection 
(b). 
‘‘(C) The criteria the Secretary will use in 
evaluating a request for priority review. 
‘‘(D) The standards the Secretary will use in 
assigning a team of staff, including team lead-ers, to review devices designated for priority re-view, including any training required for such personnel on effective and efficient review. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCESS .—Prior to finalizing the guid-
ance under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall propose such guidance for public comment. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—This section is intended to en-
courage the Secretary and provide the Secretary sufficient authorities to apply efficient and flexible approaches to expedite the development of, and prioritize the agency’s review of, devices that represent breakthrough technologies. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to alter the criteria and standards for evaluating an application pursu-ant to section 515(c), a report and request for classification under section 513(f)(2), or a report under section 510(k), including the recognition of valid scientific evidence as described in sec-tion 513(a)(3)(B), and consideration of the least burdensome means of evaluating device effec-tiveness or demonstrating substantial equiva-lence between devices with differing techno-logical characteristics, as applicable. Nothing in this section alters the authority of the Secretary to act on an application pursuant to section 515(d) before completion of an establishment in-
spection, as the Secretary deems appropriate.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATED TO  
DESIGNATION DETERMINATIONS .—Section 
517A(a)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 360g–1(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘a request for designation under sec-tion 515B,’’ after ‘‘an application under section 515,’’. 
Subtitle M—Medical Device Regulatory 
Process Improvements 
SEC. 2221. THIRD-PARTY QUALITY SYSTEM AS-
SESSMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF THIRD-PARTY QUALITY  
SYSTEM ASSESSMENT PROGRAM .—Chapter V of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 524A (21 U.S.C. 360n–1) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 524B. THIRD-PARTY QUALITY SYSTEM AS-
SESSMENT. 
‘‘(a) A CCREDITATION AND ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL ; CERTIFICATION OF DEVICE  
QUALITY SYSTEM .—The Secretary shall, in ac-
cordance with this section, establish a third- party quality system assessment program— 
‘‘(A) to accredit persons to assess whether a 
requestor’s quality system, including its design controls, can reasonably assure the safety and effectiveness of in-scope devices subject to de-vice-related changes; 
‘‘(B) under which accredited persons shall (as 
applicable) certify that a requestor’s quality sys-tem meets the criteria included in the guidance issued under paragraph (5) with respect to the in-scope devices at issue; and 
‘‘(C) under which the Secretary shall rely on 
such certifications for purposes of determining the safety and effectiveness (or as applicable, substantial equivalence) of in-scope devices sub-ject to the device-related changes involved, in lieu of compliance with the following submission requirements: 
‘‘(i) A premarket notification. ‘‘(ii) A thirty-day notice. ‘‘(iii) A Special PMA supplement. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion ƒ 
‘‘(A) the term ‘device-related changes’ means 
changes made by a requestor with respect to in- scope devices, which are— 
‘‘(i) changes to a device found to be substan-
tially equivalent under sections 513(i) and 510(k) to a predicate device, that— 
‘‘(I) would otherwise be subject to a premarket 
notification; and 
‘‘(II) do not alter— ‘‘(aa) the intended use of the changed device; 
or 
‘‘(bb) the fundamental scientific technology of 
such device; 
‘‘(ii) manufacturing changes subject to a 30- 
day notice; 
‘‘(iii) changes that qualify for a Special PMA 
Supplement; and 
‘‘(iv) such other changes relating to the de-
vices or the device manufacturing process as the Secretary determines appropriate; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘in-scope device’ means a device 
within the scope of devices agreed to by the re-questor and the accredited person for purposes of a request for certification under this section; 
‘‘(C) the term ‘premarket notification’ means a 
premarket notification under section 510(k); 
‘‘(D) the term ‘quality system’ means the 
methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, and servicing of devices, as described in section 520(f); 
‘‘(E) the term ‘requestor’ means a device man-
ufacturer that is seeking certification under this section of a quality system used by such manu-facturer; 
‘‘(F) the term ‘Special PMA’ means a Special 
PMA supplement under section 814.39(d) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); and 
‘‘(G) the term ‘thirty-day notice’ means a no-
tice described in section 515(d)(6). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5054 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(3) A CCREDITATION PROCESS ; ACCREDITATION  
RENEWAL .—Except as inconsistent with this sec-
tion, the process and qualifications for accredi-tation of persons and renewal of such accredita-tion under section 704(g) shall apply with re-spect to accreditation of persons and renewal of such accreditation under this section. 
‘‘(4) U
SE OF ACCREDITED PARTIES TO CONDUCT  
ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIATION OF ASSESSMENT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(i) D ATE ASSESSMENTS AUTHORIZED .—Begin-
ning after the date on which the final guidance is issued under paragraph (5), an accredited person may conduct an assessment under this section. 
‘‘(ii) I
NITIATION OF ASSESSMENTS .—Use of one 
or more accredited persons to assess a reques-tor’s quality system under this section with re-spect to in-scope devices shall be at the initi-ation of the person who registers and lists the devices at issue under section 510. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPENSATION .—Compensation for such 
accredited persons shall— 
‘‘(i) be determined by agreement between the 
accredited person and the person who engages the services of the accredited person; and 
‘‘(ii) be paid by the person who engages such 
services. 
‘‘(C) A
CCREDITED PERSON SELECTION .—Each 
person who chooses to use an accredited person to assess a requestor’s quality system, as de-scribed in this section, shall select the accredited person from a list of such persons published by the Secretary in accordance with section 704(g)(4). 
‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE ; CRITERIA FOR CERTIFI -
CATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The criteria for certifi-
cation of a quality system under this section shall be as specified by the Secretary in guid-ance issued under this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS ; CRITERIA .—The guidance 
under this paragraph shall include specification of— 
‘‘(i) evaluative criteria to be used by an ac-
credited person to assess and, as applicable, cer-tify a requestor’s quality system under this sec-tion with respect to in-scope devices; and 
‘‘(ii) criteria for accredited persons to apply 
for a waiver of, and exemptions from, the cri-teria under clause (i). 
‘‘(C) T
IMEFRAME FOR ISSUING GUIDANCE .—The 
Secretary shall issue under this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) draft guidance not later than 12 months 
after the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act; and 
‘‘(ii) final guidance not later than 12 months 
after issuance of the draft guidance under clause (i). 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF THIRD-PARTY ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) A SSESSMENT SUMMARY ; CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) S UBMISSION OF ASSESSMENT TO SEC -
RETARY .—An accredited person who assesses a 
requestor’s quality system under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary a summary of the assessment— 
‘‘(i) within 30 days of the assessment; and ‘‘(ii) which shall include (as applicable)— ‘‘(I) the accredited person’s certification that 
the requestor has satisfied the criteria specified in the guidance issued under subsection (a)(5) for quality system certification with respect to the in-scope devices at issue; and 
‘‘(II) any waivers or exemptions from such cri-
teria applied by the accredited person. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF ASSESSMENTS .—Subject to 
action by the Secretary under subparagraph (C), with respect to assessments which include a certification under this section— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary’s review of the assessment 
summary shall be deemed complete on the day that is 30 days after the date on which the Sec-retary receives the summary under subpara-graph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) the assessment summary and certification 
of the quality system of a requestor shall be deemed accepted by the Secretary on such 30th day. ‘‘(C) A
CTIONS BY SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Within 30 days of receiving 
an assessment summary and certification under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may, by writ-ten notice to the accredited person submitting such assessment certification, deem any such certification to be provisional beyond such 30- day period, suspended pending further review by the Secretary, or otherwise qualified or can-celled, based on the Secretary’s determination that (as applicable)— 
‘‘(I) additional information is needed to sup-
port such certification; 
‘‘(II) such assessment or certification is un-
warranted; or 
‘‘(III) such action with regard to the certifi-
cation is otherwise justified according to such factors and criteria as the Secretary finds ap-propriate. 
‘‘(ii) A
CCEPTANCE OF CERTIFICATION .—If fol-
lowing action by the Secretary under clause (i) with respect to a certification, the Secretary de-termines that such certification is acceptable, the Secretary shall issue written notice to the applicable accredited person indicating such ac-ceptance. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATIONS TO SECRETARY BY CER -
TIFIED REQUESTORS OR ACCREDITED PERSONS FOR  
PROGRAM EVALUATION PURPOSES .— 
‘‘(A) A NNUAL SUMMARY REPORT FOR DEVICE - 
RELATED CHANGES OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO PRE -
MARKET NOTIFICATION .—A requestor whose 
quality system is certified under this section that effectuates device-related changes with re-spect to in-scope devices, without prior submis-sion of a premarket notification, shall ensure that an annual summary report is submitted to the Secretary by the accredited person which— 
‘‘(i) describes the changes made to the in- 
scope device; and 
‘‘(ii) indicates the effective dates of such 
changes. 
‘‘(B) P
ERIODIC NOTIFICATION FOR MANUFAC -
TURING CHANGES OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO THIRTY - 
DAY NOTICE .—A requestor whose quality system 
is certified under this section that effectuates device-related changes with respect to in-scope devices, without prior submission of a thirty-day notice, shall provide notification to the Sec-retary of such changes in the requestor’s next periodic report under section 814.84(b) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). Such notification shall— 
‘‘(i) describe the changes made; and ‘‘(ii) indicate the effective dates of such 
changes. 
‘‘(C) P
ERIODIC NOTIFICATION FOR DEVICE -RE-
LATED CHANGES OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO SPECIAL  
PMA SUPPLEMENT .—A requestor whose quality 
system is certified under this section that effec-tuates device-related changes with respect to in- scope devices, without prior submission of a Spe-cial PMA Supplement, shall provide notification to the Secretary of such changes in the reques-tor’s next periodic report under section 814.84(b) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). Such notification shall— 
‘‘(i) describe the changes made, including a 
full explanation of the basis for the changes; and 
‘‘(ii) indicate the effective dates of such 
changes. 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF NOTIFICATIONS FOR PROGRAM  
EVALUATION PURPOSES .—Information submitted 
to the Secretary under subparagraphs (A) through (C) shall be used by the Secretary for purposes of the program evaluation under sub-section (d). 
‘‘(c) D
URATION AND EFFECT OF CERTIFI -
CATION .—A certification under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall remain in effect for a period of 2 
years from the date such certification is accept-ed by the Secretary, subject to paragraph (6); 
‘‘(2) may be renewed through the process de-
scribed in subsection (a)(3); 
‘‘(3) shall continue to apply with respect to 
device-related changes made during such 2-year period, provided the certification remains in ef-fect, irrespective of whether such certification is 
renewed after such 2-year period; 
‘‘(4) shall have no effect on the need to com-
ply with applicable submission requirements specified in subsection (a)(1)(C) with respect to any change pertaining to in-scope devices which is not a device-related change under subsection (a)(2); 
‘‘(5) shall have no effect on the authority of 
the Secretary to conduct an inspection or other-wise determine whether the requestor has com-plied with the applicable requirements of this Act; and 
‘‘(6) may be revoked by the Secretary upon a 
determination that the requestor’s quality sys-tem no longer meets the criteria specified in the guidance issued under subsection (a)(5) with re-spect to the in-scope devices at issue. 
‘‘(d) N
OTICE OF REVOCATION .—The Secretary 
shall provide written notification to the re-questor of a revocation pursuant to subsection (c)(6) not later than 10 business days after the determination described in such subsection. Upon receipt of the written notification, the re-questor shall satisfy the applicable submission requirements specified in subsection (a)(1)(C) for any device-related changes effectuated after the date of such determination. After such revoca-tion, such requestor is eligible to seek re-certifi-cation under this section of its quality system. 
‘‘(e) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION ; SUNSET .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM EVALUATION AND REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) E VALUATION .—The Secretary shall com-
plete an evaluation of the third-party quality system assessment program under this section no later than January 31, 2021, based on— 
‘‘(i) analysis of information from a representa-
tive group of device manufacturers obtained from notifications provided by certified reques-tors or accredited persons under subsection (b)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) such other available information and 
data as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—No later than 1 year after com-
pleting the evaluation under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall issue a report of the evalua-tion’s findings on the website of the Food and Drug Administration, which shall include the Secretary’s recommendations with respect to continuation and as applicable expansion of the program under this section to encompass— 
‘‘(i) device submissions beyond those identified 
in subsection (a)(1)(C); and 
‘‘(ii) device changes beyond those described in 
subsection (a)(2)(A). 
‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be ef-
fective October 1, 2022. 
‘‘(f) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to request and review the com-plete assessment of a certified requestor under this section on a for-cause basis.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENTS FOR PREMARKET APPROVAL  
SUPPLEMENTS .—Section 515(d)(5)(A)(i) of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360e(d)(5)(A)(i)), as redesignated by sec-tion 2201, is further amended by inserting ‘‘, subject to section 524B’’ after ‘‘that affects safe-ty or effectiveness’’. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR THIRTY -DAY NOTICE .— 
Section 515(d)(5)(A)(ii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360e(d)(5)(A)(ii)), as redesignated by section 2201, is further amended by inserting ‘‘, subject to section 524B’’ after ‘‘the date on which the Secretary receives the notice’’. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PREMARKET NOTIFICA -
TION; TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO REFERENCE TO  
SECTION 510(K) .—Section 510(l) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360(l)) is amended by striking ‘‘of this subsection under subsection (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘of subsection (k) under subsection (m) or section 524B’’. 
(4) M
ISBRANDED DEVICES .—Section 502(t) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352(t)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 524B’’ after ‘‘section 519’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5055 July 10, 2015 
SEC. 2222. VALID SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE. 
Section 513(a)(3)(B) of the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360c(a)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as sub-
clauses (I) and (II), respectively; 
(2) by striking ‘‘(B) If the Secretary’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(B)(i) If the Secretary’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), valid scientific 
evidence may include— 
‘‘(I) evidence described in well-documented 
case histories, including registry data, that are collected and monitored under a protocol deter-mined to be acceptable by the Secretary; 
‘‘(II) studies published in peer-reviewed jour-
nals; and 
‘‘(III) data collected in countries other than 
the United States so long as such data otherwise meet the criteria specified in this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a study published in a 
peer-reviewed journal that is offered as valid scientific evidence for purposes of clause (i), the Secretary may request data underlying the study if— 
‘‘(I) the Secretary, in making such request, 
complies with the requirement of subparagraph (D)(ii) to consider the least burdensome appro-priate means of evaluating device effectiveness or subsection (i)(1)(D) to consider the least bur-densome means of determining substantial equivalence, as applicable; 
‘‘(II) the Secretary furnishes a written ration-
ale for so requesting the underlying data to-gether with such request; and 
‘‘(III) if the requested underlying data for 
such a study are unavailable, the Secretary shall consider such study to be part of the total-ity of the evidence with respect to the device, as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 2223. TRAINING AND OVERSIGHT IN LEAST 
BURDENSOME APPROPRIATE MEANS CONCEPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 513 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360c) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) T
RAINING AND OVERSIGHT IN LEAST BUR-
DENSOME APPROPRIATE MEANS CONCEPT .— 
‘‘(1) T RAINING .—Each employee of the Food 
and Drug Administration who is involved in the review of premarket submissions under section 515 or section 510(k), including supervisors, shall receive training regarding the meaning and implementation of the least burdensome ap-propriate means concept in the context of the use of that term in subsections (a)(3)(D) and (i)(1)(D) of this section and in section 515(c)(5). 
‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE DOCUMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D RAFT UPDATED GUIDANCE .—Not later 
than 12 months after the date of enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the Secretary shall issue a draft guidance document updating the October 4, 2002, guidance document entitled ‘The Least Burdensome Provision of the FDA Modernization Act of 1997: Concept and Prin-ciples; Final Guidance for FDA and Industry’. 
‘‘(B) M
EETING OF STAKEHOLDERS .—In devel-
oping such draft guidance document, the Sec-retary shall convene a meeting of stakeholders to ensure a full record to support the publica-tion of such document. 
‘‘(3) O
MBUDSMAN AUDIT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of issuance of final version of the draft guidance under paragraph (2), the ombudsman for the organizational unit of the Food and Drug Administration respon-sible for the premarket review of devices shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct, or have conducted, an audit of 
the training described in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) include in such audit interviews with a 
representative sample of persons from industry regarding their experience in the device pre-market review process.’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING  
PREMARKET APPLICATIONS .—Subsection (c) of 
section 515 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 360e) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Whenever the Secretary requests addi-
tional information from an applicant regarding an application under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall consider the least burdensome ap-propriate means necessary to demonstrate device safety and effectiveness, and request informa-tion accordingly. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘necessary’ means the minimum required information that would support a determination by the Secretary that an application provides a reasonable assurance of the safety and effective-ness of the device. 
‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph alters the 
standards for premarket approval of a device.’’. 
SEC. 2224. RECOGNITION OF STANDARDS. 
Section 514(c) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360d(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after sub-
paragraph (B) the following new subpara-graphs: 
‘‘(C)(i) Any person may submit a request for 
recognition under subparagraph (A) of all or part of an appropriate standard established by a nationally or internationally recognized standard organization. 
‘‘(ii) Not later than 60 days after the Secretary 
receives such a request, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) make a determination to recognize all, 
part, or none of the standard that is the subject of the request; and 
‘‘(II) issue to the person who submitted such 
request a response in writing that states the Sec-retary’s rationale for that determination, in-cluding the scientific, technical, regulatory, or other basis for such determination. 
‘‘(iii) The Secretary shall make a response 
issued under clause (ii)(II) publicly available, in such manner as the Secretary determines appro-priate. 
‘‘(iv) The Secretary shall take such actions as 
may be necessary to implement all or part of a standard recognized under clause (i)(I), in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) The Secretary shall make publicly avail-
able, in such manner as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate, the rationale for recognition under subparagraph (A) of part of a standard, including the scientific, technical, regulatory, or other basis for such recognition.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) T
RAINING ON USE OF STANDARDS .—The 
Secretary shall provide to all employees of the Food and Drug Administration who review pre-market submissions for devices periodic training on the concept and use of recognized standards for purposes of meeting a premarket submission requirement or other applicable requirement under this Act, including standards relevant to an employee’s area of device review. 
‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE .— 
‘‘(A) D RAFT GUIDANCE .—The Secretary shall 
publish guidance identifying the principles for recognizing standards under this section. In publishing such guidance, the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(i) the experience with, and reliance on, a 
standard by other Federal regulatory authori-ties and the device industry; and 
‘‘(ii) whether recognition of a standard will 
promote harmonization among regulatory au-thorities in the regulation of devices. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall publish— 
‘‘(i) draft guidance under subparagraph (A) 
not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act; and 
‘‘(ii) final guidance not later than 12 months 
after the close of the public comment period for the draft guidance under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 2225. EASING REGULATORY BURDEN WITH 
RESPECT TO CERTAIN CLASS I AND CLASS II DEVICES. 
(a) C LASS I DEVICES .—Section 510(l) of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360(l)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘A report under subsection 
(k)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) A report under sub-section (k)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the Secretary shall identify, through publication in the Federal Register, any type of class I de-vice that the Secretary determines no longer re-quires a report under subsection (k) to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effective-ness. Upon such publication— 
‘‘(A) each type of class I device so identified 
shall be exempt from the requirement for a re-port under subsection (k); and 
‘‘(B) the classification regulation applicable to 
each such type of device shall be deemed amend-ed to incorporate such exemption.’’. 
(b) C
LASS II D EVICES .—Section 510(m) of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360(m)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the 
following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 60 days after the date of 
the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act— 
‘‘(i) publish in the Federal Register a notice 
that contains a list of each type of class II de-vice that the Secretary determines no longer re-quires a report under subsection (k) to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effective-ness; and 
‘‘(ii) provide for a period of not less than 60 
days for public comment beginning on the date of the publication of such notice; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of 21st Century Cures Act, pub-lish in the Federal Register a list representing the Secretary’s final determination with respect to the devices included in the list published under subparagraph (A).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘1 day after the date of the 
publication of a list under this subsection,’’ and inserting ‘‘1 day after the date of publication of the final list under paragraph (1)(B),’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘30-day period’’ and inserting 
‘‘60-day period’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) Upon the publication of the final list 
under paragraph (1)(B)— 
‘‘(A) each type of class II device so listed shall 
be exempt from the requirement for a report under subsection (k); and 
‘‘(B) the classification regulation applicable to 
each such type of device shall be deemed amend-ed to incorporate such exemption.’’. 
SEC. 2226. ADVISORY COMMITTEE PROCESS. 
(a) C LASSIFICATION PANELS .—Paragraph (5) of 
section 513(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360c(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(A)’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) When a device is specifically the subject 
of review by a classification panel, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure that adequate expertise is rep-
resented on the classification panel to assess— 
‘‘(I) the disease or condition which the device 
is intended to cure, treat, mitigate, prevent, or diagnose; and 
‘‘(II) the technology of the device; and 
‘‘(ii) as part of the process to ensure adequate 
expertise under clause (i), give due consider-ation to the recommendations of the person whose premarket submission is subject to panel review on the expertise needed among the voting members of the panel. 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (B)(ii), the 
term ‘adequate expertise’ means, with respect to the membership of the classification panel re-viewing a premarket submission, that such mem-bership includes— 
‘‘(i) two or more voting members, with a spe-
cialty or other expertise clinically relevant to the device under review; and 
‘‘(ii) at least one voting member who is knowl-
edgeable about the technology of the device.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5056 July 10, 2015 
(b) P ANEL REVIEW PROCESS .—Section 513(b)(6) 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360c(b)(6)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by inserting be-
fore the period at the end ‘‘, including by desig-nating a representative who will be provided a time during the panel meeting to address the panel individually (or accompanied by experts selected by such representative) for the purpose of correcting misstatements of fact or providing clarifying information, subject to the discretion of the panel chairperson’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B)(i) Any meeting of a classification panel 
for a device that is specifically the subject of re-view shall— 
‘‘(I) provide adequate time for initial presen-
tations by the person whose device is specifi-cally the subject of a classification panel review and by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(II) encourage free and open participation 
by all interested persons. 
‘‘(ii) Following the initial presentations de-
scribed in clause (i), the panel may— 
‘‘(I) pose questions to a designated representa-
tive described in subparagraph (A)(iii); and 
‘‘(II) consider the responses to such questions 
in the panel’s review of the device that is spe-cifically the subject of review by the panel.’’. 
SEC. 2227. HUMANITARIAN DEVICE EXEMPTION 
APPLICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 520(m) of the Fed-
eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360j) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘fewer than 
4,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 8,000’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘fewer 
than 4,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 8,000’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘4,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘8,000’’ 
(b) G
UIDANCE DOCUMENT ON PROBABLE BEN-
EFIT.—Not later than 18 months after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs, shall publish a draft guidance document that defines the cri-teria for establishing ‘‘probable benefit’’ as that term is used in section 520(m)(2)(C) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360j(m)(2)(C)). 
SEC. 2228. CLIA WAIVER STUDY DESIGN GUID-
ANCE FOR IN VITRO DIAGNOSTICS. 
(a) D RAFT REVISED GUIDANCE .—Not later than 
12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall publish a draft guidance that— 
(1) revises ‘‘Section V. Demonstrating Insig-
nificant Risk of an Erroneous Result—‘Accu-racy’’’ of the guidance entitled ‘‘Recommenda-tions for Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) Waiver Applications for Manufacturers of In Vitro Diagnostic De-vices’’ and dated January 30, 2008; and 
(2) includes guidance on the appropriate use 
of comparable performance between a waived user and a moderately complex laboratory user to demonstrate accuracy. 
(b) F
INAL REVISED GUIDANCE .—The Secretary 
of Health and Human Services shall finalize the draft guidance published under subsection (a) not later than 12 months after the comment pe-riod for such draft guidance closes. 
Subtitle N—Sensible Oversight for Technology 
Which Advances Regulatory Efficiency 
SEC. 2241. HEALTH SOFTWARE. 
Section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(ss)(1) The term ‘health software’ means soft-
ware that does not, through use of an in vitro diagnostic device or signal acquisition system, acquire, process, or analyze an image or physio-logical signal, is not an accessory, is not an in-tegral part of a device necessary to support the use of the device, is not used in the manufacture and transfusion of blood and blood components 
to assist in the prevention of disease in humans, and— 
‘‘(A) is intended for use for administrative or 
operational support or the processing and main-tenance of financial records; 
‘‘(B) is intended for use in clinical, labora-
tory, or administrative workflow and related recordkeeping; 
‘‘(C)(i) is intended for use solely in the trans-
fer, aggregation, conversion (in accordance with a present specification), storage, management, retrieval, or transmission of data or information; 
‘‘(ii) utilizes a connectivity software platform, 
electronic or electrical hardware, or a physical communications infrastructure; and 
‘‘(iii) is not intended for use— ‘‘(I) in active patient monitoring; or ‘‘(II) in controlling or altering the functions 
or parameters of a device that is connected to such software; 
‘‘(D) is intended for use to organize and 
present information for health or wellness edu-cation or for use in maintaining a healthy life-style, including medication adherence and health management tools; 
‘‘(E) is intended for use to analyze informa-
tion to provide general health information that does not include patient-specific recommended options to consider in the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, cure, or mitigation of a particular disease or condition; or 
‘‘(F) is intended for use to analyze informa-
tion to provide patient-specific recommended op-tions to consider in the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, cure, or mitigation of a particular disease or condition. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘accessory’ means a product 
that— 
‘‘(A) is intended for use with one or more par-
ent devices; 
‘‘(B) is intended to support, supplement, or 
augment the performance of one or more parent devices; and 
‘‘(C) shall be classified by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) according to its intended use; and ‘‘(ii) independently of any classification of 
any parent device with which it is used.’’. 
SEC. 2242. APPLICABILITY AND INAPPLICABILITY 
OF REGULATION. 
Subchapter A of chapter V of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351 et seq.), as amended by section 2221(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 524C. HEALTH SOFTWARE. 
‘‘(a) I NAPPLICABILITY OF REGULATION TO  
HEALTH SOFTWARE .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), health software shall not be subject to regulation under this Act. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply with respect to a software product— 
‘‘(A) of a type described in subparagraph (F) 
of section 201(ss)(1); and 
‘‘(B) that the Secretary determines poses a sig-
nificant risk to patient safety. 
‘‘(2) C ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a deter-
mination under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) with respect to a product to which such paragraph applies, the Secretary shall consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The likelihood and severity of patient 
harm if the product were to not perform as in-tended. 
‘‘(B) The extent to which the product is in-
tended to support the clinical judgment of a medical professional. 
‘‘(C) Whether there is a reasonable oppor-
tunity for a medical professional to review the basis of the information or treatment rec-ommendation provided by the product. 
‘‘(D) The intended user and user environment, 
such as whether a medical professional will use a software product of a type described in sub-paragraph (F) of section 201(ss)(1). 
‘‘(c) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary shall dele-
gate primary jurisdiction for regulating a soft-ware product determined under subsection (b) to 
be subject to regulation under this Act to the center at the Food and Drug Administration charged with regulating devices. 
‘‘(d) R
EGULATION OF SOFTWARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall review 
existing regulations and guidance regarding the regulation of software under this Act. The Sec-retary may implement a new framework for the regulation of software and shall, as appropriate, modify such regulations and guidance or issue new regulations or guidance. 
‘‘(2) I
SSUANCE BY ORDER .—Notwithstanding 
subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary may modify or issue regulations for the regulation of software under this Act by administrative order published in the Federal Register following the publication of a proposed order. 
‘‘(3) A
REAS UNDER REVIEW .—The review of ex-
isting regulations and guidance under para-graph (1) may include review of the following areas: 
‘‘(A) Classification of software. ‘‘(B) Standards for development of software. ‘‘(C) Standards for validation and verification 
of software. 
‘‘(D) Review of software. ‘‘(E) Modifications to software. ‘‘(F) Manufacturing of software. ‘‘(G) Quality systems for software. ‘‘(H) Labeling requirements for software. ‘‘(I) Postmarketing requirements for reporting 
of adverse events. 
‘‘(4) P
ROCESS FOR ISSUING PROPOSED REGULA -
TIONS , ADMINISTRATIVE ORDER , AND GUIDANCE .— 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Secretary shall consult with external stakeholders (including patients, industry, health care providers, academia, and government) to gather input before issuing regu-lations, an administrative order, and guidance under this subsection. 
‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as providing the Sec-retary with the authority to regulate under this Act any health software product of the type de-scribed in subparagraph (F) of section 201(ss)(1) unless and until the Secretary has made a deter-mination described in subsection (b)(1)(B) with respect to such product.’’. 
SEC. 2243. EXCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF DE-
VICE. 
Section 201(h) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ after 
‘‘or other animals,’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
and inserting ‘‘or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) not health software (other than software 
determined to be a risk to patient safety under section 524B(b)), and’’. 
Subtitle O—Streamlining Clinical Trials 
SEC. 2261. PROTECTION OF HUMAN SUBJECTS IN 
RESEARCH; APPLICABILITY OF RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to simplify and fa-
cilitate compliance by researchers with applica-ble regulations for the protection of human sub-jects in research, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, to the extent possible and consistent with other statutory provisions, har-monize differences between the HHS Human Subject Regulations and the FDA Human Sub-ject Regulations in accordance with subsection (b). 
(b) A
VOIDING REGULATORY DUPLICATION AND  
UNNECESSARY DELAYS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
(A) make such modifications to the provisions 
of the HHS Human Subject Regulations, the FDA Human Subject Regulations, and the vul-nerable-populations rules as may be necessary— 
(i) to reduce regulatory duplication and un-
necessary delays; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5057 July 10, 2015 
(ii) to modernize such provisions in the con-
text of multisite and cooperative research projects; and 
(iii) to incorporate local considerations, com-
munity values, and mechanisms to protect vul-nerable populations; and 
(B) ensure that human subject research that 
is subject to the HHS Human Subject Regula-tions or to the FDA Human Subject Regulations may— 
(i) use joint or shared review; (ii) rely upon the review of— (I) an independent institutional review board; 
or 
(II) an institutional review board of an entity 
other than the sponsor of the research; or 
(iii) use similar arrangements to avoid dupli-
cation of effort. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE .—Not later 
than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the rel-evant agencies and offices of the Department of Health and Human Services, including the Of-fice for Human Research Protections and rel-evant agencies and offices of the Food and Drug Administration, shall issue such regulations and guidance and take such other actions as may be necessary to implement this section and help to facilitate the broader use of single, central, or lead institutional review boards. Such regula-tions and guidance shall clarify the require-ments and policies relating to the following: 
(A) Arrangements to avoid duplication de-
scribed in paragraph (1)(A)(i), including— 
(i) delineating the roles of institutional review 
boards in multisite or cooperative, multisite studies where one or more local institutional re-view boards are relied upon, or similar arrange-ments are used; 
(ii) the risks and benefits to human subjects; (iii) standardizing the informed consent and 
other processes and legal documents; and 
(iv) incorporating community values through 
the use of local institutional review boards while continuing to use central or lead institu-tional review boards. 
(B) Concerns about regulatory and legal li-
ability contributing to decisions by the sponsors of research to rely on local institutional review boards for multisite research. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In issuing regulations or 
guidance under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall consult with stakeholders (including re-searchers, academic organizations, hospitals, in-stitutional research boards, pharmaceutical, bio-technology and medical device developers, clin-ical research organizations, patient groups, and others). 
(c) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall complete the 
harmonization described in subsection (a) not later than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(d) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 24 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the progress made toward completing such harmonization. 
(e) D
RAFT NIH P OLICY .—Not later than 12 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall finalize the draft policy entitled ‘‘Draft NIH Policy on Use of a Single Institutional Review Board for Multi-Site Research’’. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) H UMAN SUBJECT REGULATIONS .—In this sec-
tion: 
(A) FDA HUMAN SUBJECT REGULATIONS .—The 
term ‘‘FDA Human Subject Regulations’’ means the provisions of parts 50, 56, 312, and 812 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). 
(B) HHS 
HUMAN SUBJECT REGULATIONS .—The 
term ‘‘HHS Human Subject Regulations’’ means the provisions of subpart A of part 46 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). 
(C) V
ULNERABLE -POPULATIONS RULES .—The 
term ‘‘vulnerable-populations rules’’— (i) subject to clause (ii), means the provisions 
of subparts B through D of such part 46 (or any successor regulations); or 
(ii) as applicable to research that is subject to 
the FDA Human Subject Regulations, means the provisions applicable to vulnerable populations under part 56 of such title 21 (or any successor regulations) and subpart D of part 50 of such title 21 (or any successor regulations). 
(2) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(A) I NSTITUTIONAL REVIEW BOARD .—The term 
‘‘institutional review board’’ has the meaning that applies to the term ‘‘institutional review board’’ under the HHS Human Subject Regula-tions. 
(B) L
EAD INSTITUTIONAL REVIEW BOARD .—The 
term ‘‘lead institutional review board’’ means an institutional review board that otherwise meets the requirements of the HHS Human Sub-ject Regulations and enters into a written agree-ment with an institution, another institutional review board, a sponsor, or a principal investi-gator to approve and oversee human subject re-search that is conducted at multiple locations. References to an institutional review board in-clude an institutional review board that serves a single institution as well as a lead institutional review board. 
SEC. 2262. USE OF NON-LOCAL INSTITUTIONAL 
REVIEW BOARDS FOR REVIEW OF IN-VESTIGATIONAL DEVICE EXEMP-TIONS AND HUMAN DEVICE EXEMP-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 520 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360(j)) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (g)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘local’’ each place it appears; 
and 
(B) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘which has been’’; and 
(2) in subsection (m)(4)— (A) by striking ‘‘local’’ each place it appears; 
and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) in facilities in which clinical testing of 
devices is supervised by an institutional review committee established in accordance with the regulations of the Secretary, and’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall revise or issue such regulations or guidance as may be necessary to carry out the amendments made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 2263. ALTERATION OR WAIVER OF IN-
FORMED CONSENT FOR CLINICAL IN-VESTIGATIONS. 
(a) D EVICES .—Section 520(g)(3) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360j(g)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘except 
where subject to such conditions as the Sec-retary may prescribe, the investigator’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘except where, subject to such conditions as the Secretary may pre-scribe— 
‘‘(i) the proposed clinical testing poses no 
more than minimal risk to the human subject and includes appropriate safeguards to protect the rights, safety, and welfare of the human subject; or 
‘‘(ii) the investigator’’; and (2) in the matter following subparagraph (D), 
by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (D)(ii)’’. 
(b) D
RUGS.—Section 505(i)(4) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(i)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘except where it is not feasible or it is contrary to the best in-terests of such human beings’’ and inserting ‘‘except where it is not feasible, it is contrary to the best interests of such human beings, or the proposed clinical testing poses no more than minimal risk to such human beings and includes appropriate safeguards as prescribed to protect the rights, safety, and welfare of such human beings’’. Subtitle P—Improving Scientific Expertise 
and Outreach at FDA 
SEC. 2281. SILVIO O. CONTE SENIOR BIOMEDICAL 
RESEARCH SERVICE. 
(a) H IRING AND RETENTION AUTHORITY .—Sec-
tion 228 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 237) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND 
BIOMEDICAL PRODUCT ASSESSMENT ’’ after ‘‘ RE-
SEARCH ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Silvio O. 
Conte Senior Biomedical Research Service, not to exceed 500 members’’ and inserting ‘‘Silvio O. Conte Senior Biomedical Research and Bio-medical Product Assessment Service (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Service’), the purpose of which is to recruit and retain competitive and qualified scientific and technical experts out-standing in the field of biomedical research, clinical research evaluation, and biomedical product assessment’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (a)(2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) The authority established in paragraph 
(1) may not be construed to require the Sec-retary to reduce the number of employees serv-ing under any other employment system in order to offset the number of members serving in the Service.’’; 
(4) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘or clinical research evaluation’’ and inserting ‘‘, clinical research evaluation or bio-medical product assessment’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or a mas-
ter’s level degree in engineering, bioinformatics, or a related or emerging field,’’ after the comma; 
(5) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘and shall 
not exceed the rate payable for level I of the Ex-ecutive Schedule unless approved by the Presi-dent under section 5377(d)(2) of title 5, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘and shall not ex-ceed the rate payable for the President’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (e); and (7) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as 
subsections (e) and (f), respectively. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit, and publish on the website of the Department of Health and Human Services a report on the im-plementation of the amendments made by sub-section (a), including whether the amendments have improved the ability of the Food and Drug Administration to hire and retain qualified ex-perts to fulfill obligations specified under user fee agreements. 
SEC. 2282. ENABLING FDA SCIENTIFIC ENGAGE-
MENT. 
It is the sense of Congress that the participa-
tion in, or sponsorship of, scientific conferences and meetings is essential to the mission of the Food and Drug Administration. 
SEC. 2283. REAGAN-UDALL FOUNDATION FOR THE 
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) B OARD OF DIRECTORS .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION AND SIZE .—Section 
770(d)(1)(C) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(d)(1)(C)) is amend-ed— 
(A) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); (B) by inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Board, 
through amendments to the bylaws of the Foun-dation, may provide that the number of voting members of the Board shall be a number (to be specified in such amendment) greater than 14. Any Board positions that are established by any such amendment shall be appointed (by majority vote) by the individuals who, as of the date of such amendment, are voting members of the Board and persons so appointed may represent any of the categories specified in subclauses (I) through (V) of clause (i), so long as no more than 30 percent of the total voting members of the Board (including members whose positions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5058 July 10, 2015 
are established by such amendment) are rep-
resentatives of the general pharmaceutical, de-vice, food, cosmetic, and biotechnology indus-tries.’’; and 
(C) in clause (iii)(I), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘The ex officio mem-bers shall ensure’’ and inserting ‘‘The ex officio members, acting pursuant to clause (i), and the Board, acting pursuant to clause (ii), shall en-sure’’. 
(2) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEES ALLOWED TO SERVE  
ON BOARD .—Clause (iii)(II) of section 
770(d)(1)(C) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(d)(1)(C)), as redesig-nated by paragraph (1)(A), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, the term ‘employee of the Federal Government’ does not include a ‘special Govern-ment employee’, as that term is defined in sec-tion 202(a) of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(3) S
TAGGERED TERMS .—Subparagraph (A) of 
section 770(d)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(d)(3)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) T
ERM.—The term of office of each mem-
ber of the Board appointed under paragraph (1)(C)(i), and the term of office of any member of the Board whose position is established pur-suant to paragraph (1)(C)(ii), shall be 4 years, except that— 
‘‘(i) the terms of offices for the members of the 
Board initially appointed under paragraph (1)(C)(i) shall expire on a staggered basis as de-termined by the ex officio members; and 
‘‘(ii) the terms of office for the persons ini-
tially appointed to positions established pursu-ant to paragraph (1)(C)(ii) may be made to ex-pire on a staggered basis, as determined by the individuals who, as of the date of the amend-ment establishing such positions, are members of the Board.’’. 
(b) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION .— 
Section 770(g)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(g)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘but shall not be greater than the compensation of the Commissioner’’. 
(c) S
EPARATION OF FUNDS.—Section 770(m) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(m)) is amended by striking ‘‘are held in separate accounts from funds received from entities under subsection (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘are managed as individual programmatic funds under subsection (i), according to best account-ing practices’’. 
SEC. 2284. COLLECTION OF CERTAIN VOLUNTARY 
INFORMATION EXEMPTED FROM PA-PERWORK REDUCTION ACT. 
Chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 708 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 379) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 708A. COLLECTION OF CERTAIN VOL-
UNTARY INFORMATION EXEMPTED FROM PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT. 
‘‘Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, 
shall not apply to the collection from patients, industry, academia, and other stakeholders, of voluntary information such as through vol-untary surveys or questionnaires, initiated by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 2285. HIRING AUTHORITY FOR SCIENTIFIC, 
TECHNICAL, AND PROFESSIONAL PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 714 (21 U.S.C. 379d–3) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 714A. ADDITIONAL HIRING AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may, with-
out regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, appoint qualified candidates to scientific, technical, or professional positions within the following centers of the Food and Drug Administration: 
‘‘(1) The Center for Drug Evaluation and Re-
search. 
‘‘(2) The Center for Biologics Evaluation and 
Research. ‘‘(3) The Center for Devices and Radiological 
Health. 
Such positions shall be within the competitive 
service. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPENSATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, including any requirement with respect to General Schedule pay rates under subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, and consistent with the re-quirements of paragraph (2), the Secretary may determine and fix— 
‘‘(A) the annual rate of pay of any individual 
appointed under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) for purposes of retaining qualified em-
ployees, the annual rate of pay for any highly qualified scientific, technical, or professional personnel appointed to a position at any of the centers listed under subsection (a) before the date of enactment of this section. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The annual rate of pay es-
tablished pursuant to paragraph (1) may not ex-ceed the annual rate of pay of the President. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 
30, 2021, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that examines the extent to which the authority to appoint and retain personnel under this section enhanced the Food and Drug Ad-ministration’s ability to meet the agency’s crit-ical need for highly qualified individuals for sci-entific, technical, or professional positions. 
‘‘(2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the recommenda-tions of the Secretary on— 
‘‘(A) whether the authority to appoint per-
sonnel under this section should be reauthor-ized; and 
‘‘(B) other personnel authorities that would 
help the Food and Drug Administration to bet-ter recruit and retain highly qualified individ-uals for scientific, technical, or professional po-sitions in the agency’s medical product cen-ters.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The authority 
provided by section 714A of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (as added by subsection (a)) shall not be construed to affect the author-ity provided under section 714 of such Act. 
Subtitle Q—Exempting From Sequestration 
Certain User Fees 
SEC. 2301. EXEMPTING FROM SEQUESTRATION 
CERTAIN USER FEES OF FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION. 
The Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit 
Control Act of 1985 is amended— 
(1) in section 255(g)(1)(A) (2 U.S.C. 
905(g)(1)(A)), by inserting after the item relating to ‘‘Financial Agent Services’’ the following new item: 
‘‘Food and Drug Administration, Salaries and 
Expenses, but only the portion of appropriations under such account corresponding to fees col-lected under sections 736, 738, 740, 741, 744B, and 744H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (75–9911–0–1–554).’’; and 
(2) in section 256(h) (2 U.S.C. 906(h)), by add-
ing at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, this subsection shall not apply with respect to the portion of administrative expenses in-curred by the Food and Drug Administration that are funded through fees collected under sections 736, 738, 740, 741, 744B, and 744H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.’’. 
TITLE III—DELIVERY 
Subtitle A—Interoperability 
SEC. 3001. ENSURING INTEROPERABILITY OF 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) I NTEROPERABILITY STANDARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XXX of 
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–11 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘SEC. 3010. ENSURING INTEROPERABILITY OF 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
‘‘(a) I NTEROPERABILITY .—In order for health 
information technology to be considered inter-operable, such technology must satisfy the fol-lowing criteria: 
‘‘(1) S
ECURE TRANSFER .—The technology al-
lows the secure transfer of all electronically ac-cessible health information to and from any and all health information technology for authorized use under applicable State or Federal law. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLETE ACCESS TO HEALTH INFORMA -
TION.—The technology allows for complete ac-
cess, exchange, and use of all electronically ac-cessible health information for authorized use under applicable State or Federal law without special effort by the requestor of such health in-formation. 
‘‘(3) N
O INFORMATION BLOCKING .—The tech-
nology is not configured, set up, or implemented to information block, as defined in section 3010A(d). 
‘‘(b) C
ATEGORIES FOR INTEROPERABILITY  
STANDARDS .—The categories described in this 
subsection, with respect to standards and the corresponding implementation specifications for determining if health information technology is interoperable, consistent with the criteria de-scribed in subsection (a), include at least cat-egories of standards and implementation speci-fications with respect to the following: 
‘‘(1) Vocabulary and terminology. ‘‘(2) Content and structure. ‘‘(3) Transport. ‘‘(4) Security. ‘‘(5) Services. 
‘‘(6) Querying and requesting health informa-
tion for access, exchange, and use. 
‘‘(c) A
LLOWING FOR FLEXIBILITY .—A standard 
and implementation specification, with respect to such standard, that is determined under sec-tion 3001(c)(5)(D) to be compatible with baseline standards and implementation specifications (as defined in clause (ii) of such section) shall be treated as in compliance with this section.’’. 
(2) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than January 1, 
2017, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, in consultation with the National Coordi-nator of the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, shall issue guidance with respect to the implementation of section 3010 of the Public Health Service Act, as added by paragraph (1), including with respect to defining and providing examples of author-ized use under applicable State or Federal law of health information. 
(b) I
MPROVEMENTS TO RECOMMENDATION  
PROCESS .— 
(1) HIT POLICY COMMITTEE TO INCORPORATE  
POLICIES FOR UPDATES TO INTEROPERABILITY  
STANDARDS .—Section 3002 of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–12) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘National Coordinator’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Secretary, in consultation with the Na-tional Coordinator,’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘The HIT Policy Committee is author-ized only to provide policy and priority rec-ommendations to the Secretary and not author-ized to otherwise affect the development or modification of any standard, implementation specification, or certification criterion under this title.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), in the first sentence— (I) by striking ‘‘The HIT Policy Committee’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Subject to subparagraph (D), the HIT Policy Committee’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘(including the areas in 
which modifications and additions to interoper-ability standards and implementation specifica-tions, with respect to such interoperability standards, under section 3010 are needed for the electronic access, exchange, and use of health information for purposes of adoption of such modifications and additions under section 3004)’’ after ‘‘section 3004’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5059 July 10, 2015 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) S PECIAL RULE RELATED TO INTEROPER -
ABILITY .—Any recommendation made by the 
HIT Policy Committee on or after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph with respect to interoperability of health information tech-nology shall be consistent with the criteria de-scribed in subsection (a) of section 3010.’’. 
(2) S
UNSET OF HIT STANDARDS COMMITTEE .— 
Section 3003 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–13) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The HIT Standards Com-
mittee shall terminate on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section.’’. 
(3) S
TANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—Title XXX of the Public Health Service 
Act is amended by inserting after section 3003 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3003A. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR STAND-
ARDS THROUGH CONTRACTS WITH STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ORGANI-ZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) C ONTRACTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of activities 
conducted under this title, the Secretary shall enter into one or more contracts with health care standards development organizations ac-credited by the American National Standards Institute (or with the American National Stand-ards Institute) to carry out, directly or through contracts with subcontractors, the duties de-scribed in subsection (b), as applicable. 
‘‘(2) T
IMING FOR FIRST CONTRACT .—As soon as 
practicable after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall enter into the first contracts under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF CONTRACT .—Each contract 
under paragraph (1) shall be for a period deter-mined necessary by the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the National Coordinator, to carry out the applicable duties described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(4) A
PPROPRIATE ENTITIES .—The Secretary 
shall ensure the most appropriate entities de-scribed in paragraph (1) are selected for each contract under such paragraph. 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL CONTRACT .—The Secretary shall 
initially enter into one or more contracts under subsection (a)(1) with entities described in such subsection, under which the entities— 
‘‘(A) shall recommend to the Secretary— ‘‘(i) for adoption under section 3004, an initial 
set of interoperability standards and implemen-tation specifications, with respect to such stand-ards, identified or, as appropriate, developed by such entities that are consistent with the cri-teria described in subsection (a) of section 3010, and with respect to the categories described in subsection (b) of such section; and 
‘‘(ii) as applicable, for purposes of section 
3001(c)(5)(D), methods to test if health informa-tion technology is compatible with health infor-mation technology that applies baseline stand-ards and implementation specifications (as de-fined in clause (ii) of such section); and 
‘‘(B) may provide to the Secretary rec-
ommendations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT CONTRACTS .—Under each 
subsequent contract entered into under this sec-tion with entities described in subsection (a)(1) pursuant to subsection (c), the entities shall rec-ommend to the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) for adoption under section 3004 any 
standards (including interoperability stand-ards), implementation specifications, and, to the extent necessary, certification criteria (and modifications, including additions, to such standards, specifications, and, to the extent nec-essary, criteria), which are in accordance with the criteria described in section 3010; and 
‘‘(B) as applicable, for purposes of section 
3001(c)(5)(D), methods to test if health informa-tion technology is compatible with baseline standards and implementation specifications (as defined in clause (ii) of such section). ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION TO NIST .—Under each con-
tract with an entity under this section, the enti-ty shall submit to the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology each rec-ommendation submitted to the Secretary by such entity under this section. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION .—For the purposes of de-
veloping methods to test interoperability stand-ards and implementation specifications with re-spect to such standards, the entities with a con-tract under this section may consult with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
‘‘(c) M
ODIFICATIONS AND SUBSEQUENT CON-
TRACTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with the National Coordinator, shall peri-odically conduct hearings to evaluate and re-view the standards, implementation specifica-tions, and certification criteria adopted under section 3004 for purposes of determining if modi-fications, including any additions, are needed with respect to such standards, specifications, and criteria. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACT TRIGGER .—Based on the needs 
for standards, implementation specifications, and certification criteria (and modifications, in-cluding additions, to such standards, specifica-tions, and criteria) under this title, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with due consideration to section 3010(b) and in consultation with the National Coordinator, the Secretary shall, as needed, enter into contracts under subsection (a) to carry out the duties described in sub-section (b)(2) in addition to any contract en-tered into to carry out the duties described in subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for contracts under subsection (a), to remain available until expended.’’. 
(4) M
ODIFICATIONS TO ROLE OF THE NATIONAL  
COORDINATOR .—Section 3001(c)(1)(A) of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj– 11(c)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘for rec-ommendations made before the date of the en-actment of the 21st Century Cures Act,’’ before ‘‘review and determine’’. 
(c) A
DOPTION .—Section 3004 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–14) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘sec-
tion 3001(c)’’ the following: ‘‘(or, subject to sub-section (c), in the case of a standard, implemen-tation specification, or criterion recommended on or after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, after the date of submission of the recommendation to the Secretary under section 3003A)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘and the 
HIT Standards Committee’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘with the 
schedule published under section 3003(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsection (d)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not 
adopt any policies, priorities, standards, imple-mentation specifications, or certification criteria under this subsection or subsection (a) that are inconsistent with or duplicative of an interoper-ability standard or implementation specification with respect to such standard adopted under this section, in accordance with subsections (c) and (d). In the case of a standard, specification, or criterion that has been adopted under this section and is inconsistent or duplicative of such an interoperability standard or specifica-tion that is subsequently adopted under this sec-tion, such interoperability standard or specifica-tion shall supercede such other standard, speci-fication, or criterion and such other standard, specification, or criterion shall no longer be con-sidered adopted under this section beginning on the date that such interoperability standard or specification becomes effective.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(c) A
DOPTION OF INITIAL INTEROPERABILITY  
STANDARDS AND IMPLEMENTATION SPECIFICA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding the previous sub-
sections of this section, the following shall apply in the case of the initial set of interoper-ability standards and implementation specifica-tions with respect to such standards rec-ommended under section 3003A: 
‘‘(1) R
EVIEW OF STANDARDS .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of receipt of recommenda-tions for such interoperability standards and implementation specifications, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Coordinator and representatives of other relevant Federal agen-cies, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall jointly review such standards and implementation specifications and shall determine whether or not to propose adoption of such standards and implementation specifications. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION TO ADOPT .—If, subject to 
subsection (d)(3), the Secretary determines— 
‘‘(A) to propose adoption of such standards 
and implementation specifications, the Secretary shall, by regulation under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, determine whether or not to adopt such standards and implementation speci-fications; or 
‘‘(B) not to propose adoption of such stand-
ards and implementation specifications, the Sec-retary shall notify the applicable entity with a contract under section 3003A in writing of such determination and the reasons for not proposing the adoption of the recommendation for such standards and implementation specifications. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide for publication in the Federal Register of all determinations made by the Secretary under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) R
ULES FOR ADOPTION .—In the case of a 
standard (including interoperability standard), implementation specification, or certification criterion adopted under this section on or after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graphs (2) and (3), any such standard (includ-ing interoperability standard), implementation specification, or certification criterion shall be a standard, specification, or criterion that has been recommended by the entities with which the Secretary has entered into a contract under section 3003A. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE IF NO STANDARD , SPECIFICA -
TION, OR CRITERION RECOMMENDED .—If no 
standard, implementation specification, or, to the extent necessary, certification criterion is recommended under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) in the case of interoperability standards 
and implementation specifications with respect to such standards, relating to a category de-scribed in section 3010(b)— 
‘‘(i) paragraph (1) shall not apply; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (4) shall apply; or ‘‘(B) in the case of any other standard, imple-
mentation specification, or, to the extent nec-essary, certification criterion, relating to a pol-icy or priority to carry out this title, as deter-mined by the Secretary, in consultation with the National Coordinator— 
‘‘(i) paragraph (1) shall not apply; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (4) shall apply. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY TO MODIFY IMPLEMENTATION  
SPECIFICATIONS .—If, following public comment 
pursuant to subsection (c), the Secretary would propose adoption of interoperability standards recommended under section 3003A but for the implementation specifications, with respect to such standards, so recommended, the Secretary may modify such implementation specifications and adopt such standards and specifications in accordance with subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—In the case of a stand-
ard, implementation specification, or certifi-cation criterion for which there is a determina-tion to adopt such standard, implementation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5060 July 10, 2015 
specification, or certification criterion, such 
standard, implementation specification, or cer-tification criterion shall be considered adopted under this section and shall be effective begin-ning on the date that is 12 months after the date of publication of the final rule to adopt such standard, implementation specification, or cer-tification criterion. 
‘‘(5) A
SSISTANCE TO THE SECRETARY .—In com-
plying with the requirements of this subsection, the Secretary shall give due consideration to any recommendations of the National Committee on Vital and Health Statistics established under section 306(k), and shall consult with appro-priate Federal and State agencies and private organizations. The Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register any recommendation of the National Committee on Vital and Health Statis-tics regarding the adoption of a standard, imple-mentation specification, or certification criterion under this section. Any standard, implementa-tion specification, or certification criterion adopted pursuant to this paragraph shall be promulgated in accordance with the rulemaking procedures of subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(e) A
LLOWING FOR FLEXIBILITY THROUGH  
COMPATIBILITY WITHBASELINE STANDARDS AND  
IMPLEMENTATION SPECIFICATIONS .—For pur-
poses of this title, title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act, title XIX of such Act, and any other provision of law, a standard and implementa-tion specification, with respect to such stand-ard, that is determined under section 3001(c)(5)(D) to be compatible with baseline standards and implementation specifications (as defined in clause (ii) of such section) shall be treated as if such standard and specification were an interoperability standard and imple-mentation specification, with respect to such interoperability standard, adopted under this section.’’. 
(d) R
EPORTS AND NOTIFICATIONS .—Section 
3010 of the Public Health Service Act, as added by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL SUMMARY REPORT .—Not later 
than July 1, 2017, the Secretary, after consulta-tion with relevant stakeholders, shall submit to Congress and provide for publication in the Fed-eral Register and the posting on the Internet website of the Office of the National Coordi-nator for Health Information Technology a re-port on the following: 
‘‘(A) The initial set of interoperability stand-
ards and implementation specifications adopted under section 3004(c). 
‘‘(B) The strategies for achieving widespread 
interoperability. 
‘‘(C) Any barriers that are preventing wide-
spread interoperability. 
‘‘(D) The plan and milestones, including spe-
cific steps, to achieve widespread interoper-ability. 
‘‘(2) O
NGOING PUBLICATION OF RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall provide for publica-
tion in the Federal Register, and the posting on the Internet website of the Office of the Na-tional Coordinator for Health Information Tech-nology, of all recommendations made under this section.’’. 
(e) C
ERTIFICATION AND OTHER ENFORCEMENT  
PROVISIONS .— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION OF QUALIFIED ELECTRONIC  
HEALTH RECORDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 3007(b) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–17(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 3001(c)(3) to be in compliance with’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘under section 3001(c)(3)— 
‘‘(1) for certifications made before January 1, 
2018, to be in compliance with applicable stand-ards adopted under subsections (a) and (b) of section 3004; and 
‘‘(2) for certifications made on or after Janu-
ary 1, 2018, to be in compliance with applicable standards adopted under subsections (a) and (b) 
of section 3004 and to be interoperable in ac-cordance with section 3010 and in compliance with interoperability standards adopted under section 3004.’’. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS OF SECRETARY .—Section 
3001(c)(5) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–11(c)(5)) is amended— 
(i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting before 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘and, for certifications made on or after January 1, 2018, with respect to health information technology, additional criteria to establish that the tech-nology is interoperable, in accordance with sec-tion 3010, and in compliance with interoper-ability standards and implementation specifica-tions, with respect to such standards, adopted under section 3004’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) E
NFORCEMENT ; DECERTIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) R EQUIREMENTS .—Under any program kept 
or recognized under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall ensure that any vendor of or other entity offering to health care providers (as de-fined in section 3010A(g)) qualified electronic health records seeking a certification of such records under such program on or after January 1, 2018, shall, as a condition of certification (and maintenance of certification) of such a record under such program— 
‘‘(I) provide to the Secretary an attestation— ‘‘(aa) the entity has implemented interoper-
ability standards and implementation specifica-tions, with respect to such standards, adopted under section 3004 (including through applica-tion of subsection (e) of such section); 
‘‘(bb) that the entity, unless for a legitimate 
purpose specified by the Secretary, has not taken and will not take any action that con-stitutes information blocking (as defined in sec-tion 3010A(d)), with respect to such qualified electronic health records; 
‘‘(cc) that includes the pricing information de-
scribed in clause (iii) for purposes of inclusion under subsection (f) of such information on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services; that such information will be available on a public Internet website of such entity; and that the entity will voluntarily pro-vide such information to customers prior to of-fering any qualified electronic health records or related product or service (including subsequent updates, add-ons, or additional products or services to be provided during the course of an on-going contract), prospective customers (such as persons who request or receive a quotation or estimate), and other persons who request such information; 
‘‘(dd) that the technology with respect to such 
records has published application programming interfaces, with respect to health information within such records, for search and indexing, semantic harmonization and vocabulary trans-lation, and user interface applications; 
‘‘(ee) that the entity has successfully and rig-
orously tested the real world use of the record in the type of setting in which it would be mar-keted; and 
‘‘(ff) that the entity has in place data sharing 
programs or capabilities based on common data elements through such mechanisms as applica-tion programming interfaces without the re-quirement for vendor-specific interfaces; 
‘‘(II) publish application programming inter-
faces and associated documentation, with re-spect to health information within such records, for search and indexing, semantic harmoni-zation and vocabulary translation, and user interface applications; and 
‘‘(III) demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Secretary that health information from such records are able to be exchanged, accessed, and used through the use of application program-ming interfaces without special effort, as au-thorized under applicable law. 
‘‘(ii) D
ECERTIFICATION .—Under any program 
kept or recognized under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that beginning January 
1, 2019, any qualified electronic health records that do not satisfy the certification criteria de-scribed in subparagraph (B) or with respect to which the vendor or other entity described in clause (i) does not satisfy the requirements under such clause (or is determined to be in vio-lation of the terms of the attestation or other re-quirements under such clause) shall no longer be considered as certified under such program. 
‘‘(iii) P
RICING INFORMATION .—For purposes of 
clause (i)(I)(cc), the pricing information de-scribed in this clause, with respect to a vendor of or other entity offering a qualified electronic health record, is the following: 
‘‘(I) Additional types of costs or fees (whether 
fixed, recurring, transaction based, or other-wise) imposed by the entity (or any third-party from whom the entity purchases, licenses, or ob-tains any technology, products, or services in connection with the qualified electronic health record) to purchase, license, implement, main-tain, upgrade, use, or otherwise enable and sup-port the use of capabilities to which such record is to be certified under this section; or in con-nection with any health information generated in the course of using any capability to which the record is to be so certified. 
‘‘(II) Limitations, whether by contract or oth-
erwise, on the use of any capability to which the record is to be certified under this section for any purpose within the scope of the record’s certification; or in connection with any health information generated in the course of using any capability to which the record is to be cer-tified under this section. 
‘‘(III) Limitations, including technical or 
practical limitations of technology or its capa-bilities, that could prevent or impair the success-ful implementation, configuration, customization, maintenance, support, or use of any capabilities to which the record is to be cer-tified under this section; or that could prevent or limit the access, use, exchange, or portability of any health information generated in the course of using any capability to which the record is to be so certified. 
‘‘(D) F
LEXIBILITY THROUGH COMPATIBILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Under any program kept or 
recognized under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall provide for a method and process by which a vendor of or other entity offering to health care providers (as defined in section 3010A(g)) qualified electronic health records seeking a certification of such records under such program on or after January 1, 2018, may demonstrate, using such mechanisms as a ref-erence implementation model or other means, that the standards and implementation speci-fications applied by such entity with respect to such records are compatible with baseline stand-ards and implementation specifications, includ-ing by demonstrating such records are able to transmit information that is compatible with qualified electronic health records that would receive such information and that apply the baseline standards and implementation speci-fications. Such a method and process shall en-sure that any such entity using a standard or implementation specification other than a base-line standard or implementation specification demonstrates, through testing, compatibility with the baseline standard and implementation specification with respect to receiving informa-tion. 
‘‘(ii) B
ASELINE STANDARDS AND IMPLEMENTA -
TION SPECIFICATIONS .—For purposes of clause 
(i), the term ‘baseline standards and implemen-tation specifications’ means the interoperability standards and implementation specifications, with respect to such standards, adopted under section 3004 (without application of subsection (e) of such section).’’. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT PROVISIONS  
UNDER THE PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT .—Sub-
title A of title XXX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–11 et seq.), as amended by subsections (a)(1) and (d), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5061 July 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 3010A. ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMS. 
‘‘(a) I NSPECTOR GENERAL AUTHORITY .—The 
Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall have the authority to investigate claims of— 
‘‘(1)(A) vendors of, or other entities offering to 
health care providers (as defined in subsection (g)), qualified electronic health records (as de-fined in section 3000(13)) being in violation of an attestation (whether providing false information at the time of such attestation or by act or prac-tice conducted after such attestation) made under section 3001(c)(5)(C)(i)(I), with respect to the use of such records by a health care pro-vider with respect to items and services fur-nished under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act or Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act; and 
‘‘(B) vendors of, or other entities offering to 
health care providers (as defined in subsection (g)), health information technology having en-gaged in information blocking (as defined in subsection (d)), unless for a legitimate purpose specified by the Secretary, with respect to the use of such technology by a health care provider with respect to items and services furnished under such a program; 
‘‘(2) health care providers having engaged in 
information blocking (as so defined), with re-spect to the use of health information tech-nology with respect to items and services fur-nished under such a program, unless for a legiti-mate purpose specified by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(3) health information system providers 
(such as operators of health information ex-changes, clinical data registries, and other sys-tems that facilitate the exchange of information) having engaged in information blocking (as so defined), unless for a legitimate purpose speci-fied by the Secretary, with respect to the use of health information technology with respect to items and services furnished under such a pro-
gram. 
‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION SHARING PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The National Coordinator 
may serve as a technical consultant to the In-spector General of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Federal Trade Commission for purposes of carrying out this section. As such technical consultant, the Na-tional Coordinator may, notwithstanding any other provision of law, share information re-lated to claims or investigations under sub-section (a) with the Federal Trade Commission for purposes of such investigations and shall share information with the Inspector General, as required by law. 
‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION FROM DISCLOSURE OF INFOR -
MATION .—Any information that is received by 
the National Coordinator in connection with a claim or suggestion of possible information blocking and that could reasonably be expected to facilitate identification of the source of the information— 
‘‘(A) shall not be disclosed by the National 
Coordinator except as may be necessary to carry out the purpose of this section; and 
‘‘(B) shall be exempt from mandatory disclo-
sure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, as provided by subsection (b)(3) of such section. 
Such information may be used by the Inspector 
General of the Department of Health and Human Services or Federal Trade Commission for reporting purposes to the extent that such information could not reasonably be expected to facilitate identification of the source of such in-formation. 
‘‘(3) N
ON-APPLICATION OF PAPERWORK REDUC -
TION ACT .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States 
Code (commonly referred to as the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995) shall not apply to the National Coordinator or to the Office of the Na-tional Coordinator for Health Information Tech-nology with respect to the collection of com-plaints relating to claims described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) S
TANDARDIZED PROCESS .—The National 
Coordinator shall implement a standardized process for the public to submit reports on 
claims of— 
‘‘(A) health information technology products 
of vendors (or other entities offering such prod-ucts to health care providers (as defined in sub-section (g)) not being interoperable or resulting in information blocking; or 
‘‘(B) actions by such entities, health care pro-
viders, or health information system providers that result in such technology not being inter-operable or in information blocking with respect to such technology; and 
‘‘(C) any other act described in subsection (a). 
The standardized process shall provide for the 
collection of such information as the originating institution, location, type of transaction, system and version, timestamp, terminating institution, locations, system and version, failure notice, and other related information. 
‘‘(c) P
ENALTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any person or entity de-
scribed in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a) determined to have committed on or after January 1, 2018, an act described in such respec-tive paragraph with respect to the use of a qualified electronic health record or health in-formation technology, as applicable under such respective paragraph, with respect to items and services furnished under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act or the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act, shall be subject to a civil monetary penalty in such amount as determined appropriate by the Secretary through rulemaking. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
the provisions of section 1128A (other than sub-sections (a) and (b)) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a) shall apply to a civil money penalty applied under this subsection in the same man-ner as they apply to a civil money penalty or proceeding under subsection (a) of such section 1128A. 
‘‘(3) R
ECOVERY OF FUNDS .—Notwithstanding 
section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law affecting the cred-iting of collections, the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services may receive and retain for current use any amounts recovered under this subsection. In addition to amounts otherwise available to the Inspector General, funds received by the Inspector Gen-eral under this paragraph shall be deposited, as an offsetting collection, to the credit of any ap-propriation available for purposes of carrying out this subsection and subsection (a) and shall be available without fiscal year limitation and without further appropriation. 
‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION BLOCKING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this section 
and section 3010, subject to paragraph (3), the term ‘information blocking’ means, with respect to the access, use, and exchange of qualified electronic health records and other health infor-mation technology, business, technical, and or-ganizational practices, including practices de-scribed in paragraph (2), that— 
‘‘(A) prevent or materially discourage the ac-
cess, exchange, or use of electronic health infor-mation; and 
‘‘(B) the actor knows or should know (as de-
fined in section 1128A(i)(7) of the Social Security Act) are likely to interfere with the access, ex-change, or use of electronic health information. 
‘‘(2) P
RACTICES DESCRIBED .—For purposes of 
paragraph (1), the practices described in this paragraph shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Contract terms, policies, or business or 
organizational practices that restrict authorized use under applicable State or Federal law of electronic health information or restrict the au-thorized exchange under applicable State or Federal law of such information for treatment and other permitted purposes under such appli-cable law, including transitions between cer-tified EHR technologies. 
‘‘(B) Charging unreasonable prices or fees 
(such as for health information exchange, port-ability, interfaces, and full export of health in-formation) that make accessing, exchanging, or 
using electronic health information cost prohibi-tive. 
‘‘(C) Developing or implementing health infor-
mation technology in nonstandard ways that are likely to substantially increase the costs, complexity, or burden of sharing electronic health information, especially in cases in which relevant interoperability standards or methods to measure interoperability have been adopted by the Secretary. 
‘‘(D) Developing or implementing health infor-
mation technology in ways that are likely to lock in users or electronic health information, such as not allowing for the full export of health information; lead to fraud, waste, or abuse; or impede innovations and advancements in health information access, exchange, and use, including health information technology- enabled care delivery. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘information 
blocking’ shall not include practices that— 
‘‘(i) are required by applicable law; or ‘‘(ii) that the Secretary, through regulation, 
identifies as necessary to protect patient safety, to maintain the privacy or security of individ-uals’ health information, or to promote competi-tion and consumer welfare. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCESS .—For purposes of subparagraph 
(A)(ii), not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue regulations following the notice and comment procedures of section 553 of title 5, United States Code, except that the Secretary may issue the first such regulation as an interim final regulation. 
‘‘(C) N
O ENFORCEMENT BEFORE EXCEPTIONS  
IDENTIFIED .—The term ‘information blocking’ 
shall not include any practice or conduct occur-ring before the date that is 30 days after the date on which the first regulation (as described in subparagraph (B)) is issued under such sub-paragraph. 
‘‘(D) C
ONSULTATION .—To the extent that regu-
lations issued under this paragraph define prac-tices that are necessary to promote competition and consumer welfare, the Secretary may con-sult with the Federal Trade Commission in issuing such regulations. 
‘‘(E) A
PPLICATION .—The term ‘information 
blocking’, with respect to an individual or enti-ty, shall not include an act or practice other than an act or practice committed by such indi-vidual or entity. 
‘‘(e) T
REATMENT OF VENDORS WITHRESPECT  
TOPATIENT SAFETY ORGANIZATIONS .—In apply-
ing part C of title IX— 
‘‘(1) vendors shall be treated as a provider (as 
defined in section 921) for purposes of reporting requirements under such part, to the extent that such reports are related to attestation require-ments under section 3001(c)(5)(C)(i)(I); 
‘‘(2) claims of information blocking described 
in subsection (a) shall be treated as a patient safety activity under such part for purposes of reporting requirements under such part; and 
‘‘(3) health care providers that are not mem-
bers of patient safety organizations shall be treated in the same manner as health care pro-viders that are such members for purposes of such reporting requirements with respect to claims of information blocking described in sub-section (a). 
‘‘(f) R
ULEMAKING AND GUIDANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Coordinator and the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, shall, through rulemaking, implement the provi-sions of section 3001 of the 21st Century Cures Act, including amendments made by such sec-tion, relating to information blocking. 
‘‘(2) N
ON-DUPLICATION OF PENALTY STRUC -
TURES .—In carrying out paragraph (1), in deter-
mining the scope of penalties, assessments, or exclusions under such section 3001, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5062 July 10, 2015 
amendments made by such section, relating to 
information blocking, the Secretary shall ensure to the extent possible that such penalties, as-sessments, and exclusions do not duplicate pen-alty, assessment, and exclusion structures that would otherwise apply with respect to informa-tion blocking and the type of individual or enti-ty involved as of the day before the date of the enactment of this section. 
‘‘(3) C
LARIFICATION .—In carrying out para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that health care providers are not penalized for actions of vendor of, and other entities offering to such providers, health information technology for the failure of such technology to meet requirements for such technology to be certified under this title. 
‘‘(4) G
UIDANCE RELATING TO HIPAA .—Not later 
than January 1, 2017, the National Coordinator shall publish guidance to clarify the relation-ship of the provisions of the HIPAA privacy and security law, as defined in section 3009(a)(2) to information blocking, including— 
‘‘(A) examples of how such provisions may re-
sult in information blocking; and 
‘‘(B) clarifying that a health care provider (as 
defined in subsection (g)) who discloses health information as allowed under applicable State and Federal law is not liable for unlawful ac-tions, including breaches that occur in the cus-tody of the recipient unless the disclosure proxi-mately cause the breach. 
‘‘(g) H
EALTH CAREPROVIDER DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this section, the term ‘health care provider’ means a provider of services under subsection (u) of section 1861 of the Social Secu-rity Act and a supplier under subsection (d) of such section. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In 
addition to amounts made available under sub-section (c)(3), there is authorized to be appro-priated $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 to carry out subsection (a), to remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
(3) P
OSTINGS RELATING TO ENFORCEMENT ON  
HHS INTERNET WEBSITE .—Section 3001 of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–11) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) E
NFORCEMENT INFORMATION POSTED ON  
HHS I NTERNET WEBSITE .— 
‘‘(1) P RICING INFORMATION .—Not later than 
January 1, 2019, the National Coordinator shall post the information described in subsection (c)(5)(C)(I)(i)(cc) on the public Internet website of the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology in a manner that allows for comparison of functionality, price information, and other features among health information technology products that aids in making informed decisions for pur-chasing such a product. 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL POSTING .—For 2019 and each 
subsequent year, the Secretary shall post on the public Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services a list of any quali-fied electronic health records with respect to which certification has been withdrawn under subsection (c)(5)(C)(ii) during such year and the vendor of or other entity offering to health care providers (as defined in section 3010A(g)) such qualified electronic health records. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Secretary shall 
periodically review and confirm that vendors of and other entities offering to health care pro-viders (as defined in section 3010A(g)) qualified electronic health records have publicly pub-lished application programming interfaces and associated documentation as required by sub-section (c)(5)(C)(i)(II) for purposes of certifi-cation and maintaining certification under any program kept or recognized under subsection (c)(5)(A).’’. 
(4) D
EMONSTRATION REQUIRED FOR MEANING -
FUL EHR USE UNDER MEDICARE .— 
(A) E LIGIBLE PROFESSIONALS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Section 1848(o)(2)(A) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(iv) I NTEROPERABILITY .—With respect to 
EHR reporting periods for payment years begin-ning with 2020, the eligible professional dem-onstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary, in accordance with subparagraph (C)(i), that dur-ing such period the professional has not taken any action described in subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 3010A of the Public Health Service Act, with respect to the use of any certified EHR technology.’’. 
(ii) H
ARDSHIP EXEMPTION IN CASE OF DECERTI -
FIED EHR .—Subparagraph (B) of section 
1848(a)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(a)(7)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) S
IGNIFICANT HARDSHIP EXCEPTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, on a 
case-by-case basis, exempt an eligible profes-sional from the application of the payment ad-justment under subparagraph (A) if the Sec-retary determines, subject to annual renewal, that compliance with the requirement for being a meaningful EHR user would result in a sig-nificant hardship, such as in the case of an eli-gible professional who practices in a rural area without sufficient Internet access. 
‘‘(ii) D
ECERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall 
exempt an eligible professional from the applica-tion of the payment adjustment under subpara-graph (A) if the Secretary determines that such professional was determined to not be a mean-ingful EHR user because the certified EHR tech-nology used by such professional is decertified under section 3001(c)(5)(C) of the Public Health Service Act. An exemption under the previous sentence may be applied to an eligible profes-sional only, subject to clause (iii), during the first payment year with respect to the first EHR reporting period to which such decertification applies. 
‘‘(iii) D
URATION OF DECERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding clause 
(iv)(I), in no case shall an exemption by reason of clause (ii) be for a period of less than 12 months. 
‘‘(II) E
XTENSION .—An exemption under clause 
(ii) may be extended, on a case-by-case basis, for a period of an additional 12 months subject to the limitation described in clause (iv)(I). 
‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), in 
no case may an eligible professional be granted an exemption under this subparagraph for more than 5 years. 
‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not 
apply to an exemption by reason of clause (ii) to the extent necessary to satisfy clause (iii)(I).’’. 
(iii) F
URTHER APPLICATION .—Section 1848(o)(2) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4(o)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) H
ARDSHIP EXEMPTION IN CASE OF DECER -
TIFIED EHR .—In the case of certified EHR tech-
nology used by an eligible professional that is decertified under section 3001(c)(5)(C), during the first payment year with respect to the first EHR reporting period to which such decertifica-tion applies, the Secretary shall not treat the professional as not being a meaningful EHR user solely because the technology used by such professional was so decertified. The treatment of a professional under the previous sentence shall be for a period of at least 12 months and may, on a case-by-case basis, be for a period of an ad-ditional 12 months.’’. 
(B) E
LIGIBLE HOSPITALS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Section 1886(n)(3)(A) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(n)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing new clause: 
‘‘(iv) I
NTEROPERABILITY .—With respect to 
EHR reporting periods for payment years begin-ning with 2020, the hospital demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary, in accordance with subparagraph (C)(i), that during such period the hospital has not taken any action described in subsection (a)(2) of section 3010A of the Pub-lic Health Service Act, with respect to the use of 
any certified EHR technology.’’. 
(ii) H
ARDSHIP EXEMPTION IN CASE OF DECERTI -
FIED EHR .—Subclause (II) of section 
1886(b)(3)(B)(ix) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(B)(ix)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(II)(aa) The Secretary may, on a case-by- 
case basis, exempt a subsection (d) hospital from the application of subclause (I) with respect to a fiscal year if the Secretary determines, subject to annual renewal, that requiring such hospital to be a meaningful EHR user during such fiscal year would result in a significant hardship, such as in the case of a hospital in a rural area without sufficient Internet access. 
‘‘(bb) The Secretary shall exempt a subsection 
(d) hospital from the application of subclause (I) with respect to a fiscal year if the Secretary de-termines that such hospital was determined to not be a meaningful EHR user because the cer-tified EHR technology used by such hospital is decertified under section 3001(c)(5)(C) of the Public Health Service Act. An exemption under the previous sentence may be applied to a sub-section (d) hospital only, subject to items (cc) and (dd), during the first payment year with re-spect to the first EHR reporting period to which such decertification applies. 
‘‘(cc) Notwithstanding item (ee), in no case 
shall an exemption by reason of item (bb) be for a period of less than 12 months. 
‘‘(dd) An exemption under item (bb) may, on 
a case-by-case basis, be extended for a period of an additional 12 months subject to the limitation described in item (ee). 
‘‘(ee) Subject to item (ff), in no case may a 
hospital be granted an exemption under this subclause for more than 5 years. 
‘‘(ff) Item (ee) shall not apply to an exemption 
by reason of item (bb) to the extent necessary to satisfy item (cc).’’. 
(C) D
EMONSTRATION REQUIRED FOR MEANING -
FUL EHR USE UNDER MEDICAID .—Section 
1903(t)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(t)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An eligible professional shall not qualify as a Medicaid provider under this sub-section, with respect to a year beginning with 2020, unless such provider demonstrates to the Secretary, through means such as an attesta-tion, that the provider has not taken any action described in subsection (a)(2) of section 3010A of the Public Health Service Act, with respect to the use of any certified EHR technology.’’. 
(5) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than January 1, 
2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall issue guidance to further the vol-untary transition of health care providers be-tween different certified EHR technology (as de-fined in section 3000(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj(1)) by removing dis-incentives to such transition, which may include applying to instances of such a transition the hardship exemption authority under section 1848(a)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(a)(7)), section 1886(b)(3)(B)(ix) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(B)(ix)), and other provisions of law in existence as of the date of the enactment of this Act. In developing such guidance, the Secretary may consult with the relevant Federal agencies. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) C ERTIFIED EHR TECHNOLOGY .—Paragraph 
(1) of section 3000 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1) C
ERTIFIED EHR TECHNOLOGY .—The term 
‘certified EHR technology’ means a qualified electronic health record that is certified pursu-ant to section 3001(c)(5) as meeting the certifi-cation criteria defined in subparagraph (B) of such section that are applicable to the type of record involved (as determined by the Secretary, such as an ambulatory electronic health record for office-based physicians or an inpatient hos-pital electronic health record for hospitals) in-cluding, beginning January 1, 2018, with respect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5063 July 10, 2015 
to which the vendor or other entity offering 
such technology is in compliance with the re-quirements under section 3001(c)(5)(C)(i).’’. 
(2) W
IDESPREAD INTEROPERABILITY .—Section 
3000 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(15) W
IDESPREAD INTEROPERABILITY .—The 
term ‘widespread interoperability’ means that, on a nationwide basis— 
‘‘(A) health information technology is inter-
operable, in accordance with section 3010; and 
‘‘(B) such technology is employed by meaning-
ful EHR users under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act and by other clinicians and health care pro-viders.’’. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) V OLUNTARY USE OF STANDARDS .—Section 
3006 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–16) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding an interoperability standard or imple-mentation specification, with respect to such interoperability standard, adopted under such section’’ after ‘‘section 3004’’. 
(B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, including 
the interoperability standards and implementa-tion specifications, with respect to such inter-operability standards, adopted under such sec-tion’’ after ‘‘section 3004’’. 
(2) HIPAA 
PRIVACY AND SECURITY LAW DEFINI -
TION CORRECTION .—Section 3009(a)(2)(A) of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj– 19(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘title IV’’ and inserting ‘‘title XIII’’. 
(3) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL ACTIVITIES .— 
Section 13111 of the HITECH Act is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘(and, begin-ning on January 1, 2018, that are also interoper-able under section 3010 of such Act and in com-pliance with interoperability standards and im-plementation specifications, with respect to such interoperability standards, adopted under sec-tion 3004 of such Act )’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘(and, be-
ginning on January 1, 2018, including an inter-operability standard or implementation speci-fication, with respect to such interoperability standard, adopted under section 3004 of such Act)’’ before ‘‘the President’’. 
(4) A
PPLICATION TO PRIVATE ENTITIES .—Sec-
tion 13112 of the HITECH Act is amended by in-serting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(and, beginning on January 1, 2018, that are also interoperable under section 3010 of such Act and in compliance with interoper-ability standards and implementation specifica-tions, with respect to such interoperability standards, adopted under section 3004 of such Act)’’. 
(5) NIST 
TESTING .—Section 13201 of the 
HITECH Act (42 U.S.C. 17911) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(or, begin-
ning January 1, 2018, in coordination with the entities with contracts under section 3003A, with respect to standards, and implementation speci-fications under section 3004)’’ before ‘‘, the Di-rector’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘(or, begin-
ning January 1, 2018, in coordination with the entities with contracts under section 3003A, with respect to standards and implementation speci-fications under section 3004)’’ before ‘‘, the Di-rector’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING .—For purposes of carrying out 
this section, in addition to any other funds made available to carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $15,000,000, to re-main available until expended.’’. 
(6) C
OORDINATION WITH RECOMMENDATIONS  
FOR ACHIEVING WIDESPREAD EHR INTEROPER -
ABILITY .—Section 106 of the Medicare Access 
and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10) is amended by striking subsection 
(b).’’. 
(h) P ATIENT ENGAGEMENT AND EMPOWER -
MENT .—It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) if the strategic goals that Congress set 
forth in the HITECH Act are to be achieved, interoperability is best achieved with individ-uals and authorized representatives having equal access to the health information of such individuals in electronic format; 
(2) patients have the right to the entirety of 
the health information of such individuals, in-cluding such information contained in an elec-tronic health record of such individuals; 
(3) such right extends to both structured and 
unstructured data; 
(4) such right extends to authorized represent-
atives of the individual involved, such as care takers of such individual, family members of such individual, and guardians of such indi-vidual; and 
(5) to further facilitate access of an individual 
to health information of such individual— 
(A) health care providers should not have the 
ability to deny a request of the individual for access to the entirety of such health information of such individual; 
(B) health care providers do not need the con-
sent of individuals to share personal health in-formation of such individuals with other cov-ered entities, in compliance with the HIPAA pri-vacy regulations promulgated pursuant to sec-tion 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 for the purposes of supporting patient care, except in situations where consent is specifically required under such regulations, such as in cases related to the psychiatric records of the individual involved; 
(C) mechanisms should be utilized that allow 
for the bidirectional exchange of information through such mechanisms as web portals, ap-pointments, and prescription refills, for the pur-pose of patients partnering with providers to as-sist in managing health and care; 
(D) mechanisms described in subparagraph 
(C) should allow for connecting individuals across the continuum of care; 
(E) an individual has the right to access the 
health information of the individual without cost to the individual; 
(F) mechanisms described in subparagraph (C) 
should allow for data of an individual gen-erated by the individual to be integrated into such platforms as electronic health records; 
(G) such access should be timely, in accord-
ance with the HIPAA privacy regulations de-scribed in subparagraph (B), and take into ac-count communications preferences of the indi-vidual involved; 
(H) an individual should have the right to be 
confident that the data in the electronic health record of the individual pertains to such indi-vidual; and 
(I) the right described in subparagraph (H) 
will promote safety and care coordination for individuals. 
Subtitle B—Telehealth 
SEC. 3021. TELEHEALTH SERVICES UNDER THE 
MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION BY CENTERS  
FOR MEDICARE & M EDICAID SERVICES .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services shall provide to the committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate information on the following: 
(1) The populations of Medicare beneficiaries, 
such as those who are dually eligible for the Medicare program under title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) and those with chronic conditions, whose care may be improved most in terms of quality and efficiency by the expan-sion, in a manner that meets or exceeds the ex-isting in-person standard of care under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act, 
of telehealth services under section 1834(m)(4) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)(4)). 
(2) Activities by the Center for Medicare and 
Medicaid Innovation which examine the use of telehealth services in models, projects, or initia-tives funded through section 1115A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a). 
(3) The types of high volume services (and re-
lated diagnoses) under such title XVIII which might be suitable to the furnishing of services via telehealth. 
(4) Barriers that might prevent the expansion 
of telehealth services under section 1834(m)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)(4)) beyond such services that are in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION BY  
MEDPAC.—Not later than March 15, 2017, the 
Medicare Payment Advisory Commission estab-lished under section 1805 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–6) shall, using quantitative and qualitative research methods, provide infor-mation to the committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate that identifies— 
(1) the telehealth services for which payment 
can be made, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, under the fee-for-service program under parts A and B of title XVIII of such Act; 
(2) the telehealth services for which payment 
can be made, as of such date, under private health insurance plans; 
(3) with respect to services identified under 
paragraph (2) but not under paragraph (1), ways in which payment for such services might be incorporated into such fee-for-service pro-gram (including any recommendations for ways to accomplish this incorporation). 
(c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) eligible originating sites should be ex-
panded beyond those originating sites described in section 1834(m)(4)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)(4)(C)); and 
(2) any expansion of telehealth services under 
the Medicare program should— 
(A) recognize that telemedicine is the delivery 
of safe, effective, quality health care services, by a health care provider, using technology as the mode of care delivery; 
(B) meet or exceed the conditions of coverage 
and payment with respect to the Medicare pro-gram under title XVIII unless specifically ad-dress in subsequent statute, of such Act if the service were furnished in person, including standards of care; and 
(C) involve clinically appropriate means to 
furnish such services. 
Subtitle C—Encouraging Continuing Medical 
Education for Physicians 
SEC. 3041. EXEMPTING FROM MANUFACTURER 
TRANSPARENCY REPORTING CER-TAIN TRANSFERS USED FOR EDU-CATIONAL PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1128G(e)(10)(B) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a– 7h(e)(10)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘, including 
peer-reviewed journals, journal reprints, journal supplements, medical conference reports, and medical textbooks’’ after ‘‘patient use’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(xiii) In the case of a covered recipient who 
is a physician, an indirect payment or transfer of value to the covered recipient— 
‘‘(I) for speaking at, or preparing educational 
materials for, an educational event for physi-cians or other health care professionals that does not commercially promote a covered drug, device, biological, or medical supply; or 
‘‘(II) that serves the sole purpose of providing 
the covered recipient with medical education, such as by providing the covered recipient with the tuition required to attend an educational event or with materials provided to physicians at an educational event.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5064 July 10, 2015 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply with respect to trans-fers of value made on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
Subtitle D—Disposable Medical Technologies 
SEC. 3061. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN ITEMS AND 
DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1834 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(r) P
AYMENT FOR CERTAIN DISPOSABLE DE-
VICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
separate payment in the amount established under paragraph (3) to a home health agency for a device described in paragraph (2) when furnished to an individual who receives home health services for which payment is made under section 1895(b). 
‘‘(2) D
EVICE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of 
paragraph (1), a device described in this para-graph is a disposable device for which, as of January 1, 2015, there is— 
‘‘(A) a Level I Healthcare Common Procedure 
Coding System (HCPCS) code for which the de-scription for a professional service includes the furnishing of such device; and 
‘‘(B) a separate Level I HCPCS code for a pro-
fessional service that uses durable medical equipment instead of such device. 
‘‘(3) P
AYMENT AMOUNT .—The Secretary shall 
establish the separate payment amount for such a device such that such amount does not exceed the payment that would be made for the HCPCS code described in paragraph (2)(A) under sec-tion 1833(t) (relating to payment for covered OPD services).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1861(m)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(m)(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and de-vices described in section 1834(r)(2)’’ after ‘‘du-rable medical equipment’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to devices furnished on or after January 1, 2017. 
Subtitle E—Local Coverage Decision Reforms 
SEC. 3081. IMPROVEMENTS IN THE MEDICARE 
LOCAL COVERAGE DETERMINATION (LCD) PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1862(l)(5) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(l)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) L
OCAL COVERAGE DETERMINATIONS .—The 
Secretary shall require each medicare adminis-trative contractor that develops a local coverage determination to make available on the website of such contractor and on the Medicare website, at least 45 days before the effective date of such determination, the following information: 
‘‘(i) Such determination in its entirety. ‘‘(ii) Where and when the proposed deter-
mination was first made public. 
‘‘(iii) Hyperlinks to the proposed determina-
tion and a response to comments submitted to the contractor with respect to such proposed de-termination. 
‘‘(iv) A summary of evidence that was consid-
ered by the contractor during the development of such determination and a list of the sources of such evidence. 
‘‘(v) An explanation of the rationale that sup-
ports such determination.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to local coverage determinations that are proposed or revised on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle F—Medicare Pharmaceutical and 
Technology Ombudsman 
SEC. 3101. MEDICARE PHARMACEUTICAL AND 
TECHNOLOGY OMBUDSMAN. 
Section 1808(c) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395b–9(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) P
HARMACEUTICAL AND TECHNOLOGY OM -
BUDSMAN .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the 
Secretary shall provide for a pharmaceutical and technology ombudsman within the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services who shall re-ceive and respond to complaints, grievances, and requests that— 
‘‘(A) are from entities that manufacture phar-
maceutical, biotechnology, medical device, or di-agnostic products that are covered or for which coverage is being sought under this title; and 
‘‘(B) are with respect to coverage, coding, or 
payment under this title for such products. 
The second sentence of paragraph (2) shall 
apply to this paragraph in the same manner as such sentence applies to paragraph (2).’’. 
Subtitle G—Medicare Site-of-Service Price 
Transparency 
SEC. 3121. MEDICARE SITE-OF-SERVICE PRICE 
TRANSPARENCY. 
Section 1834 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395m), as amended by section 3061, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(s) S
ITE-OF-SERVICE PRICE TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to facilitate price 
transparency with respect to items and services for which payment may be made either to a hos-pital outpatient department or to an ambulatory surgical center under this title, the Secretary shall, for 2017 and each year thereafter, make available to the public via a searchable website, with respect to an appropriate number of such items and services— 
‘‘(A) the estimated payment amount for the 
item or service under the outpatient department fee schedule under subsection (t) of section 1833 and the ambulatory surgical center payment system under subsection (i) of such section; and 
‘‘(B) the estimated amount of beneficiary li-
ability applicable to the item or service. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION OF ESTIMATED BENEFICIARY  
LIABILITY .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(B), 
the estimated amount of beneficiary liability, with respect to an item or service, is the amount for such item or service for which an individual who does not have coverage under a medicare supplemental policy certified under section 1882 or any other supplemental insurance coverage is responsible. 
‘‘(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—In carrying out this 
subsection, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall include in the notice described in 
section 1804(a) a notification of the availability of the estimated amounts made available under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) may utilize mechanisms in existence on 
the date of the enactment of this subsection, such as the portion of the website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services on which in-formation comparing physician performance is posted (commonly referred to as the Physician Compare website), to make available such esti-mated amounts under such paragraph. 
‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—For purposes of implementing 
this subsection, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Supplemental Medical In-surance Trust Fund under section 1841 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Pro-gram Management Account, of $6,000,000 for fis-cal year 2015, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
Subtitle H—Medicare Part D Patient Safety 
and Drug Abuse Prevention 
SEC. 3141. PROGRAMS TO PREVENT PRESCRIP-
TION DRUG ABUSE UNDER MEDI-CARE PARTS C AND D. 
(a) D RUG MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR AT- 
RISKBENEFICIARIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1860D–4(c) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–10(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) D
RUG MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR AT - 
RISK BENEFICIARIES .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH .—A PDP spon-
sor may establish a drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries under which, subject to subparagraph (B), the PDP sponsor may, in the case of an at-risk beneficiary for prescription 
drug abuse who is an enrollee in a prescription drug plan of such PDP sponsor, limit such bene-ficiary’s access to coverage for frequently abused drugs under such plan to frequently abused drugs that are prescribed for such bene-ficiary by one or more prescribers selected under subparagraph (D), and dispensed for such bene-ficiary by one or more pharmacies selected under such subparagraph. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR NOTICES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A PDP sponsor may not 
limit the access of an at-risk beneficiary for pre-scription drug abuse to coverage for frequently abused drugs under a prescription drug plan until such sponsor— 
‘‘(I) provides to the beneficiary an initial no-
tice described in clause (ii) and a second notice described in clause (iii); and 
‘‘(II) verifies with the providers of the bene-
ficiary that the beneficiary is an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse. 
‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL NOTICE .—An initial notice de-
scribed in this clause is a notice that provides to the beneficiary— 
‘‘(I) notice that the PDP sponsor has identi-
fied the beneficiary as potentially being an at- risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse; 
‘‘(II) information describing all State and 
Federal public health resources that are de-signed to address prescription drug abuse to which the beneficiary has access, including mental health services and other counseling services; 
‘‘(III) notice of, and information about, the 
right of the beneficiary to appeal such identi-fication under subsection (h) and the option of an automatic escalation to external review; 
‘‘(IV) a request for the beneficiary to submit 
to the PDP sponsor preferences for which pre-scribers and pharmacies the beneficiary would prefer the PDP sponsor to select under subpara-graph (D) in the case that the beneficiary is identified as an at-risk beneficiary for prescrip-tion drug abuse as described in clause (iii)(I); 
‘‘(V) an explanation of the meaning and con-
sequences of the identification of the beneficiary as potentially being an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse, including an expla-nation of the drug management program estab-lished by the PDP sponsor pursuant to subpara-graph (A); 
‘‘(VI) clear instructions that explain how the 
beneficiary can contact the PDP sponsor in order to submit to the PDP sponsor the pref-erences described in subclause (IV) and any other communications relating to the drug man-agement program for at-risk beneficiaries estab-lished by the PDP sponsor; and 
‘‘(VII) contact information for other organiza-
tions that can provide the beneficiary with as-sistance regarding such drug management pro-gram (similar to the information provided by the Secretary in other standardized notices provided to part D eligible individuals enrolled in pre-scription drug plans under this part). 
‘‘(iii) S
ECOND NOTICE .—A second notice de-
scribed in this clause is a notice that provides to the beneficiary notice— 
‘‘(I) that the PDP sponsor has identified the 
beneficiary as an at-risk beneficiary for pre-scription drug abuse; 
‘‘(II) that such beneficiary is subject to the re-
quirements of the drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries established by such PDP sponsor for such plan; 
‘‘(III) of the prescriber (or prescribers) and 
pharmacy (or pharmacies) selected for such in-dividual under subparagraph (D); 
‘‘(IV) of, and information about, the bene-
ficiary’s right to appeal such identification under subsection (h) and the option of an auto-matic escalation to external review; 
‘‘(V) that the beneficiary can, in the case that 
the beneficiary has not previously submitted to the PDP sponsor preferences for which pre-scribers and pharmacies the beneficiary would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5065 July 10, 2015 
prefer the PDP sponsor select under subpara-
graph (D), submit such preferences to the PDP sponsor; and 
‘‘(VI) that includes clear instructions that ex-
plain how the beneficiary can contact the PDP sponsor. 
‘‘(iv) T
IMING OF NOTICES .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), a 
second notice described in clause (iii) shall be provided to the beneficiary on a date that is not less than 60 days after an initial notice de-scribed in clause (ii) is provided to the bene-ficiary. 
‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—In the case that the PDP 
sponsor, in conjunction with the Secretary, de-termines that concerns identified through rule-making by the Secretary regarding the health or safety of the beneficiary or regarding significant drug diversion activities require the PDP spon-sor to provide a second notice described in clause (iii) to the beneficiary on a date that is earlier than the date described in subclause (I), the PDP sponsor may provide such second no-tice on such earlier date. 
‘‘(C) A
T-RISK BENEFICIARY FOR PRESCRIPTION  
DRUG ABUSE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-
graph, the term ‘at-risk beneficiary for prescrip-tion drug abuse’ means a part D eligible indi-vidual who is not an exempted individual de-scribed in clause (ii) and— 
‘‘(I) who is identified as such an at-risk bene-
ficiary through the use of clinical guidelines de-veloped by the Secretary in consultation with PDP sponsors and other stakeholders described in section 3141(f)(2)(A) of the 21st Century Cures Act; or 
‘‘(II) with respect to whom the PDP sponsor 
of a prescription drug plan, upon enrolling such individual in such plan, received notice from the Secretary that such individual was identified under this paragraph to be an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse under the prescription drug plan in which such individual was most recently previously enrolled and such identification has not been terminated under subparagraph (F). 
‘‘(ii) E
XEMPTED INDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An 
exempted individual described in this clause is an individual who— 
‘‘(I) receives hospice care under this title; ‘‘(II) is a resident of a long-term care facility, 
of an intermediate care facility for the mentally retarded, or of another facility for which fre-quently abused drugs are dispensed for residents through a contract with a single pharmacy; or 
‘‘(III) the Secretary elects to treat as an ex-
empted individual for purposes of clause (i). 
‘‘(D) S
ELECTION OF PRESCRIBERS AND PHAR -
MACIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—With respect to each at-risk 
beneficiary for prescription drug abuse enrolled in a prescription drug plan offered by such sponsor, a PDP sponsor shall, based on the pref-erences submitted to the PDP sponsor by the beneficiary pursuant to clauses (ii)(IV) and (iii)(V) of subparagraph (B) (except as otherwise provided in this subparagraph), select— 
‘‘(I) one or more individuals who are author-
ized to prescribe frequently abused drugs (re-ferred to in this paragraph as ‘prescribers’) who may write prescriptions for such drugs for such beneficiary; and 
‘‘(II) one or more pharmacies that may dis-
pense such drugs to such beneficiary. 
‘‘(ii) R
EASONABLE ACCESS .—In making the se-
lections under this subparagraph— 
‘‘(I) a PDP sponsor shall ensure that the ben-
eficiary continues to have reasonable access to frequently abused drugs (as defined in subpara-graph (G)), taking into account geographic lo-cation, beneficiary preference, impact on costsharing, and reasonable travel time; and 
‘‘(II) a PDP sponsor shall ensure such access 
(including access to prescribers and pharmacies with respect to frequently abused drugs) in the case of individuals with multiple residences and in the case of natural disasters and similar emergency situations. ‘‘(iii) B
ENEFICIARY PREFERENCES .—If an at- 
risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse sub-mits preferences for which in-network pre-scribers and pharmacies the beneficiary would prefer the PDP sponsor select in response to a notice under subparagraph (B), the PDP spon-sor shall— 
‘‘(I) review such preferences; ‘‘(II) select or change the selection of pre-
scribers and pharmacies for the beneficiary based on such preferences; and 
‘‘(III) inform the beneficiary of such selection 
or change of selection. 
‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTION REGARDING BENEFICIARY  
PREFERENCES .—In the case that the PDP spon-
sor determines that a change to the selection of prescriber or pharmacy under clause (iii)(II) by the PDP sponsor is contributing or would con-tribute to prescription drug abuse or drug diver-sion by the beneficiary, the PDP sponsor may change the selection of prescriber or pharmacy for the beneficiary without regard to the pref-erences of the beneficiary described in clause (iii). 
‘‘(v) C
ONFIRMATION .—Before selecting a pre-
scriber (or prescribers) or pharmacy (or phar-macies) under this subparagraph, a PDP spon-sor must request and receive confirmation from such a prescriber or pharmacy acknowledging and accepting that the beneficiary involved is in the drug management program for at-risk bene-ficiaries. 
‘‘(E) T
ERMINATIONS AND APPEALS .—The iden-
tification of an individual as an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse under this paragraph, a coverage determination made under a drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries, and the selection of prescriber or pharmacy under subparagraph (D) with respect to such individual shall be subject to reconsider-ation and appeal under subsection (h) and the option of an automatic escalation to external re-view to the extent provided by the Secretary. 
‘‘(F) T
ERMINATION OF IDENTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop 
standards for the termination of identification of an individual as an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse under this paragraph. Under such standards such identification shall terminate as of the earlier of— 
‘‘(I) the date the individual demonstrates that 
the individual is no longer likely, in the absence of the restrictions under this paragraph, to be an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse described in subparagraph (C)(i); and 
‘‘(II) the end of such maximum period of iden-
tification as the Secretary may specify. 
‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
clause (i) shall be construed as preventing a plan from identifying an individual as an at- risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse under subparagraph (C)(i) after such termi-nation on the basis of additional information on drug use occurring after the date of notice of such termination. 
‘‘(G) F
REQUENTLY ABUSED DRUG .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘frequently abused drug’ means a drug that is a controlled substance that the Secretary determines to be frequently abused or diverted. 
‘‘(H) D
ATA DISCLOSURE .—In the case of an at- 
risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse whose access to coverage for frequently abused drugs under a prescription drug plan has been limited by a PDP sponsor under this paragraph, such PDP sponsor shall disclose data, including any necessary individually identifiable health information, in a form and manner specified by the Secretary, about the decision to impose such limitations and the limitations imposed by the sponsor under this part to other PDP sponsors that request such data. 
‘‘(I) E
DUCATION .—The Secretary shall provide 
education to enrollees in prescription drug plans of PDP sponsors and providers regarding the drug management program for at-risk bene-ficiaries described in this paragraph, including education— ‘‘(i) provided by medicare administrative con-
tractors through the improper payment outreach and education program described in section 1874A(h); and 
‘‘(ii) through current education efforts (such 
as State health insurance assistance programs described in subsection (a)(1)(A) of section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 1395b–3 note)) and materials directed toward such enrollees. 
‘‘(J) A
PPLICATION UNDER MA –PD PLANS .—Pur-
suant to section 1860D—21(c)(1), the provisions of this paragraph apply under part D to MA or-ganizations offering MA–PD plans to MA eligi-ble individuals in the same manner as such pro-visions apply under this part to a PDP sponsor offering a prescription drug plan to a part D eli-gible individual.’’. 
(2) I
NFORMATION FOR CONSUMERS .—Section 
1860D–4(a)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(a)(1)(B)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(v) The drug management program for at- 
risk beneficiaries under subsection (c)(5).’’. 
(b) U
TILIZATION MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS .— 
Section 1860D–4(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)), as amended by subsection (a)(1), is further amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after sub-
paragraph (D) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) A utilization management tool to prevent 
drug abuse (as described in paragraph (6)(A)).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6) U
TILIZATION MANAGEMENT TOOL TO PRE -
VENT DRUG ABUSE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A tool described in this 
paragraph is any of the following: 
‘‘(i) A utilization tool designed to prevent the 
abuse of frequently abused drugs by individuals and to prevent the diversion of such drugs at pharmacies. 
‘‘(ii) Retrospective utilization review to iden-
tify— 
‘‘(I) individuals that receive frequently abused 
drugs at a frequency or in amounts that are not clinically appropriate; and 
‘‘(II) providers of services or suppliers that 
may facilitate the abuse or diversion of fre-quently abused drugs by beneficiaries. 
‘‘(iii) Consultation with the contractor de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) to verify if an indi-vidual enrolling in a prescription drug plan of-fered by a PDP sponsor has been previously identified by another PDP sponsor as an indi-vidual described in clause (ii)(I). 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—A PDP sponsor offering a 
prescription drug plan (and an MA organization offering an MA–PD plan) in a State shall sub-mit to the Secretary and the Medicare drug in-tegrity contractor with which the Secretary has entered into a contract under section 1893 with respect to such State a report, on a monthly basis, containing information on— 
‘‘(i) any provider of services or supplier de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) that is iden-tified by such plan sponsor (or organization) during the 30-day period before such report is submitted; and 
‘‘(ii) the name and prescription records of in-
dividuals described in paragraph (5)(C).’’. 
(c) E
XPANDING ACTIVITIES OF MEDICARE DRUG 
INTEGRITY CONTRACTORS (MEDIC S).— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1893 of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) E
XPANDING ACTIVITIES OF MEDICARE  
DRUGINTEGRITY CONTRACTORS (MEDIC S).— 
‘‘(1) A CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Under con-
tracts entered into under this section with Medi-care drug integrity contractors (including any successor entity to a Medicare drug integrity contractor), the Secretary shall authorize such contractors to directly accept prescription and necessary medical records from entities such as pharmacies, prescription drug plans, MA–PD plans, and physicians with respect to an indi-vidual in order for such contractors to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5066 July 10, 2015 
information relevant to the determination of 
whether such individual is an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse, as defined in section 1860D–4(c)(5)(C). 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF  
REFERRALS .—If a PDP sponsor or MA organiza-
tion refers information to a contractor described in paragraph (1) in order for such contractor to assist in the determination described in such paragraph, the contractor shall— 
‘‘(A) acknowledge to the sponsor or organiza-
tion receipt of the referral; and 
‘‘(B) in the case that any PDP sponsor or MA 
organization contacts the contractor requesting to know the determination by the contractor of whether or not an individual has been deter-mined to be an individual described such para-graph, shall inform such sponsor or organiza-tion of such determination on a date that is not later than 15 days after the date on which the sponsor or organization contacts the contractor. 
‘‘(3) M
AKING DATA AVAILABLE TO OTHER ENTI -
TIES.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of carrying 
out this subsection, subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall authorize MEDICs to re-spond to requests for information from PDP sponsors and MA organizations, State prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs, and other enti-ties delegated by such sponsors or organizations using available programs and systems in the ef-fort to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse. 
‘‘(B) HIPAA 
COMPLIANT INFORMATION ONLY .— 
Information may only be disclosed by a MEDIC under subparagraph (A) if the disclosure of such information is permitted under the Federal regulations (concerning the privacy of individ-ually identifiable health information) promul-gated under section 264(c) of the Health Insur-ance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note).’’. 
(2) OIG 
STUDY AND REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS  
OF MEDICS .— 
(A) S TUDY .—The Inspector General of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of Medicare drug integrity contractors with which the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services has en-tered into a contract under section 1893 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd) in iden-tifying, combating, and preventing fraud under the Medicare program, including under the au-thority provided under section 1893(j) of the So-cial Security Act, added by paragraph (1). 
(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subparagraph (A). Such report shall include such recommendations for improvements in the effectiveness of such con-tractors as the Inspector General determines ap-propriate. 
(d) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPLAINTS FOR  
PURPOSES OF QUALITY OR PERFORMANCE AS-
SESSMENT .—Section 1860D–42 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–152) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPLAINTS FOR  
PURPOSES OF QUALITY OR PERFORMANCE AS-
SESSMENT .—In conducting a quality or perform-
ance assessment of a PDP sponsor, the Sec-retary shall develop or utilize existing screening methods for reviewing and considering com-plaints that are received from enrollees in a pre-scription drug plan offered by such PDP spon-sor and that are complaints regarding the lack of access by the individual to prescription drugs due to a drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries.’’. 
(e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING USE OF  
TECHNOLOGY TOOLS TOCOMBAT FRAUD .—It is 
the sense of Congress that MA organizations and PDP sponsors should consider using e-pre-scribing and other health information tech-nology tools to support combating fraud under MA–PD plans and prescription drug plans under parts C and D of the Medicare program. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall apply to prescription drug plans (and MA–PD plans) for plan years begin-ning more than 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(2) S
TAKEHOLDER MEETINGS PRIOR TO EFFEC -
TIVE DATE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall convene stakeholders, including indi-viduals entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title of such Act, advocacy groups representing such individuals, physi-cians, pharmacists, and other clinicians, retail pharmacies, plan sponsors, entities delegated by plan sponsors, and biopharmaceutical manufac-turers for input regarding the topics described in subparagraph (B). 
(B) T
OPICS DESCRIBED .—The topics described 
in this subparagraph are the topics of— 
(i) the anticipated impact of drug management 
programs for at-risk beneficiaries under para-graph (5) of section 1860D–4(c) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)) on cost-shar-ing and ensuring accessibility to prescription drugs for enrollees in prescription drug plans of PDP sponsors, and enrollees in MA–PD plans, who are at-risk beneficiaries for prescription drug abuse (as defined in subparagraph (C) of such paragraph); 
(ii) the use of an expedited appeals process 
under which such an enrollee may appeal an identification of such enrollee as an at-risk ben-eficiary for prescription drug abuse under such paragraph (similar to the processes established under the Medicare Advantage program under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act that allow an automatic escalation to external review of claims submitted under such part); 
(iii) the types of enrollees that should be treat-
ed as exempted individuals, as described in sub-paragraph (C)(ii) of such paragraph; 
(iv) the manner in which terms and defini-
tions in such paragraph should be applied, such as the use of clinical appropriateness in deter-mining whether an enrollee is an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse as defined in subparagraph (C) of such paragraph; 
(v) the information to be included in the no-
tices described in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph and the standardization of such no-tices; and 
(vi) with respect to a PDP sponsor (or Medi-
care Advantage organization) that establishes a drug management program for at-risk bene-ficiaries under such paragraph, the responsibil-ities of such PDP sponsor (or organization) with respect to the implementation of such program. 
(g) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall promulgate regula-tions based on the input gathered pursuant to subsection (f)(2)(A). 
TITLE IV—MEDICAID, MEDICARE, AND 
OTHER REFORMS 
Subtitle A—Medicaid and Medicare Reforms 
SEC. 4001. LIMITING FEDERAL MEDICAID REIM-
BURSEMENT TO STATES FOR DURA-BLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT (DME) TO MEDICARE PAYMENT RATES. 
(a) M EDICAID REIMBURSEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1903(i) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(i)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (25), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in paragraph (26), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (26) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(27) with respect to any amounts expended 
by the State on the basis of a fee schedule for items described in section 1861(n), as determined in the aggregate with respect to each class of such items as defined by the Secretary, in excess of the aggregate amount, if any, that would be paid for such items within such class on a fee- for-service basis under the program under part B of title XVIII, including, as applicable, under 
a competitive acquisition program under section 1847 in an area of the State.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
by this subsection shall be effective with respect to payments for items furnished on or after Jan-uary 1, 2020. 
(b) M
EDICARE OMBUDSMAN .—Section 1808(c) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b(c)), as amended by section 3101, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) M
ONITORING DME REIMBURSEMENT UNDER  
MEDICAID .—The ombudsmen under each of 
paragraphs (1) and (4) shall evaluate the impact of the competitive acquisition program under section 1847, including as applied under section 1903(i)(27), on beneficiary health status and health outcomes.’’. 
SEC. 4002. EXCLUDING AUTHORIZED GENERICS 
FROM CALCULATION OF AVERAGE MANUFACTURER PRICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of section 
1927(k)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(k)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in the subparagraph heading, by striking 
‘‘I
NCLUSION ’’ and inserting ‘‘E XCLUSION ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘a new drug application’’ and 
inserting ‘‘the manufacturer’s new drug appli-cation’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘inclusive’’ and inserting ‘‘ex-
clusive’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section take effect on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 4003. MEDICARE PAYMENT INCENTIVE FOR 
THE TRANSITION FROM TRADI-TIONAL X-RAY IMAGING TO DIGITAL RADIOGRAPHY AND OTHER MEDI-CARE IMAGING PAYMENT PROVI-SION. 
(a) P HYSICIAN FEESCHEDULE .— 
(1) P AYMENT INCENTIVE FOR TRANSITION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1848(b) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(9) S
PECIAL RULE TO INCENTIVIZE TRANSITION  
FROM TRADITIONAL X -RAY IMAGING TO DIGITAL  
RADIOGRAPHY .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR FILM X -RAY 
IMAGING SERVICES .—In the case of an imaging 
service (including the imaging portion of a serv-ice) that is an X-ray taken using film and that is furnished during 2017 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for the technical compo-nent (including the technical component portion of a global service) of such service that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and be-fore application of any other adjustment under this section) for such year shall be reduced by 20 percent. 
‘‘(B) P
HASED -IN LIMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR  
COMPUTED RADIOGRAPHY IMAGING SERVICES .—In 
the case of an imaging service (including the im-aging portion of a service) that is an X-ray taken using computed radiography technology— 
‘‘(i) in the case of such a service furnished 
during 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, the pay-ment amount for the technical component (in-cluding the technical component portion of a global service) of such service that would other-wise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before appli-cation of any other adjustment under this sec-tion) for such year shall be reduced by 7 per-cent; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of such a service furnished 
during 2023 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for the technical component (including the technical component portion of a global service) of such service that would otherwise be determined under this section (without applica-tion of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this section) for such year shall be reduced by 10 percent. 
‘‘(C) C
OMPUTED RADIOGRAPHY TECHNOLOGY  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the 
term ‘computed radiography technology’ means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5067 July 10, 2015 
cassette-based imaging which utilizes an imag-
ing plate to create the image involved. 
‘‘(D) I MPLEMENTATION .—In order to imple-
ment this paragraph, the Secretary shall adopt appropriate mechanisms which may include use of modifiers.’’. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM BUDGET NEUTRALITY .— 
Section 1848(c)(2)(B)(v) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(c)(2)(B)(v)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-clause: 
‘‘(X) R
EDUCED EXPENDITURES ATTRIBUTABLE  
TO INCENTIVES TO TRANSITION TO DIGITAL RADI -
OGRAPHY .—Effective for fee schedules estab-
lished beginning with 2017, reduced expendi-tures attributable to subparagraph (A) of sub-section (b)(9) and effective for fee schedules es-tablished beginning with 2018, reduced expendi-tures attributable to subparagraph (B) of such subsection.’’. 
(2) E
LIMINATION OF APPLICATION OF MULTIPLE  
PROCEDURE PAYMENT REDUCTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1848(b)(4) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(b)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) E
LIMINATION OF APPLICATION OF MUL -
TIPLE PROCEDURE PAYMENT REDUCTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For services furnished on or 
after January 1, 2017, the Secretary shall not apply a multiple procedure payment reduction to the professional component of imaging serv-ices unless the Secretary has published as part of a Medicare Physician Fee Schedule Proposed Rule the empirical analysis described in clause (ii) with tables made available on the website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. 
‘‘(ii) E
MPIRICAL ANALYSIS DESCRIBED .—The 
empirical analysis described in this clause is an analysis of the Resource-Based Relative Value Scale Data Manager information or other infor-mation that is used to determine what, if any, efficiencies exist within the professional compo-nent of imaging services when two or more stud-ies are furnished to the same individual on the same day. Such empirical analysis shall in-clude— 
‘‘(I) information detailing which physician 
work activities overlap and the reductions appli-cable to such overlap; 
‘‘(II) a discussion of the clinical aspects that 
informed the assignment of the reduction per-centages described in subclause (I); 
‘‘(III) to the extent that such reductions are 
used for proposed payment reductions, an expla-nation of how the percentage reductions for pre- service, intra-service, and post-service work were determined and calculated; 
‘‘(IV) other data used to determine a reduc-
tion; and 
‘‘(V) a demonstration that the Secretary has 
consulted with practicing radiologists to gain knowledge of how radiologists interpret studies of multiple body parts on the same individual on the same day.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 220(i) 
of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4 note) is repealed. 
(b) P
AYMENT INCENTIVE FOR TRANSITION  
UNDER HOSPITAL OUTPATIENT PROSPECTIVE  
PAYMENT SYSTEM .—Section 1833(t)(16) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395(t)(16)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) P
AYMENT INCENTIVE FOR THE TRANSITION  
FROM TRADITIONAL X -RAY IMAGING TO DIGITAL  
RADIOGRAPHY .—Notwithstanding the previous 
provisions of this subsection: 
‘‘(i) L IMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR FILM X -RAY 
IMAGING SERVICES .—In the case of an imaging 
service that is an X-ray taken using film and that is furnished during 2017 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for such service (in-cluding the X-ray component of a packaged service) that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this subsection) for such year shall be reduced by 20 percent. ‘‘(ii) P
HASED -IN LIMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR  
COMPUTED RADIOGRAPHY IMAGING SERVICES .—In 
the case of an imaging service that is an X-ray taken using computed radiography technology (as defined in section 1848(b)(9)(C))— 
‘‘(I) in the case of such a service furnished 
during 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, the pay-ment amount for such service (including the X- ray component of a packaged service) that would otherwise be determined under this sec-tion (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this subsection) for such year shall be re-duced by 7 percent; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of such a service furnished 
during 2023 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for such service (including the X-ray component of a packaged service) that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and be-fore application of any other adjustment under this subsection) for such year shall be reduced by 10 percent. 
‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION WITHOUT REGARD TO BUDG -
ET NEUTRALITY .—The reductions made under 
this paragraph— 
‘‘(I) shall not be considered an adjustment 
under paragraph (2)(E); and 
‘‘(II) shall not be implemented in a budget 
neutral manner. 
‘‘(iv) I MPLEMENTATION .—In order to imple-
ment this subparagraph, the Secretary shall adopt appropriate mechanisms which may in-clude use of modifiers.’’. 
SEC. 4004. TREATMENT OF INFUSION DRUGS FUR-
NISHED THROUGH DURABLE MED-ICAL EQUIPMENT. 
Section 1842(o)(1) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1395u(o)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(and 
including a drug or biological described in sub-paragraph (D)(i) furnished on or after January 1, 2017)’’ after ‘‘2005’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘infusion drugs’’ and inserting 
‘‘infusion drugs or biologicals’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(B) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘2004’’ and inserting ‘‘2004, and 
before January 1, 2017’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘for such drug’’. 
SEC. 4005. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF PRIOR 
AUTHORIZATION FOR POWER MOBIL-ITY DEVICES (PMDS) AND ACCES-SORIES AND PRIOR AUTHORIZATION AUDIT LIMITATIONS. 
Section 1834(a) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395m(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (15), by adding at the end 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) L IMITATION ON AUDITS AFTER ADVANCE  
DETERMINATION .—A claim for an item that has 
received a provisional affirmation under an ad-vance determination under this paragraph or a prior authorization under paragraph (23) shall not be subject to review under section 1893(h) but may be subject to audits for potential fraud, inappropriate utilization, changes in billing pat-terns, or information that could not have been considered during the advance determination (such as proof of item delivery).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(23) P
RIOR AUTHORIZATION FOR POWER MO -
BILITY DEVICES (PMDS) AND ACCESSORIES .—Not 
later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall, using funds provided under paragraph (2) of section 402(a) of the Social Security Amend-ments of 1967 and other funds available to the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) extend at least through August 31, 2018, 
the PMD Prior Authorization Demonstration (being conducted under paragraph (1)(J) of such section); 
‘‘(B) begin to expand, as appropriate, such 
demonstration to include additional power mo-bility devices and accessories as part of initial claims for payment under this part for such de-
vices; and 
‘‘(C) begin to expand such demonstration to 
such additional States or geographic areas as may be appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 4006. CIVIL MONETARY PENALTIES FOR VIO-
LATIONS RELATED TO GRANTS, CON-TRACTS, AND OTHER AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1128A of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(o) Any person (including an organization, 
agency, or other entity, but excluding a program beneficiary, as defined in subsection (r)(4)) that, with respect to a grant, contract, or other agree-ment for which the Secretary of Health and Human Services provides funding— 
‘‘(1) knowingly presents or causes to be pre-
sented a specified claim (as defined in sub-section (r)(6)) under such grant, contract, or other agreement that the person knows or should know is false or fraudulent; 
‘‘(2) knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be 
made or used any false statement, omission, or misrepresentation of a material fact in any ap-plication, proposal, bid, progress report, or other document that is required to be submitted in order to directly or indirectly receive or retain funds provided in whole or in part by such Sec-retary pursuant to such grant, contract, or other agreement; 
‘‘(3) knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be 
made or used, a false record or statement mate-rial to a false or fraudulent specified claim under such grant, contract, or other agreement; 
‘‘(4) knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be 
made or used, a false record or statement mate-rial to an obligation to pay or transmit funds or property to such Secretary with respect to such grant, contract, or other agreement, or know-ingly conceals or knowingly and improperly avoids or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit funds or property to such Secretary with respect to such grant, contract, or other agreement; or 
‘‘(5) fails to grant timely access, upon reason-
able request (as defined by such Secretary in regulations), to the Inspector General of the De-partment, for the purpose of audits, investiga-tions, evaluations, or other statutory functions of such Inspector General in matters involving such grants, contracts, or other agreements; 
shall be subject, in addition to any other pen-
alties that may be prescribed by law, to a civil money penalty in cases under paragraph (1), of not more than $10,000 for each specified claim; in cases under paragraph (2), not more than $50,000 for each false statement, omission, or misrepresentation of a material fact; in cases under paragraph (3), not more than $50,000 for each false record or statement; in cases under paragraph (4), not more than $50,000 for each false record or statement or $10,000 for each day that the person knowingly conceals or know-ingly and improperly avoids or decreases an ob-ligation to pay; or in cases under paragraph (5), not more than $15,000 for each day of the failure described in such paragraph. In addition, in cases under paragraphs (1) and (3), such a per-son shall be subject to an assessment of not more than 3 times the amount claimed in the specified claim described in such paragraph in lieu of damages sustained by the United States or a specified State agency because of such specified claim, and in cases under paragraphs (2) and (4), such a person shall be subject to an assess-ment of not more than 3 times the total amount of the funds described in paragraph (2) or (4), respectively (or, in the case of an obligation to transmit property to the Secretary Health and Human Services described in paragraph (4), of the value of the property described in such paragraph) in lieu of damages sustained by the United States or a specified State agency be-cause of such case. In addition, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may make a deter-mination in the same proceeding to exclude the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5068 July 10, 2015 
person from participation in the Federal health 
care programs (as defined in section 1128B(f)(1)) and to direct the appropriate State agency to ex-clude the person from participation in any State health care program. 
‘‘(p) The provisions of subsections (c), (d), and 
(g) shall apply to a civil money penalty or as-sessment under subsection (o) in the same man-ner as such provisions apply to a penalty, as-sessment, or proceeding under subsection (a). 
‘‘(q) With respect to a penalty or assessment 
under subsection (o), the Inspector General of the Department is authorized to receive, and to retain for current use, such amounts of such penalty or assessment as are necessary to pro-vide reimbursement for the costs of conducting investigations and audits with respect to such subsection and for monitoring compliance plans with respect to such subsection when such pen-alty or assessment is ordered by a court, volun-tarily agreed to by the payor, or otherwise. Funds received by such Inspector General as re-imbursement under the preceding sentence shall be deposited to the credit of the appropriations from which initially paid, or to appropriations for similar purposes currently available at the time of deposit, and shall remain available for obligation for 1 year from the date of the deposit of such funds. 
‘‘(r) For purposes of this subsection and sub-
sections (o), (p), and (q): 
‘‘(1) The term ‘Department’ means the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘material’ means having a nat-
ural tendency to influence, or be capable of in-fluencing, the payment or receipt of money or property. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘other agreement’ includes a co-
operative agreement, scholarship, fellowship, loan, subsidy, payment for a specified use, do-nation agreement, award, or sub-award (regard-less of whether one or more of the persons enter-ing into the agreement is a contractor or sub- contractor). 
‘‘(4) The term ‘program beneficiary’ means, in 
the case of a grant, contract, or other agreement designed to accomplish the objective of award-ing or otherwise furnishing benefits or assist-ance to individuals and for which the Secretary of Health and Human Services provides fund-ing, an individual who applies for, or who re-ceives, such benefits or assistance from such grant, contract, or other agreement. Such term does not include, with respect to such grant, contract, or other agreement, an officer, em-ployee, or agent of a person or entity that re-ceives such grant or that enters into such con-tract or other agreement. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘recipient’ includes a sub-recipi-
ent or subcontractor. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘specified claim’ means any ap-
plication, request, or demand under a grant, contract, or other agreement for money or prop-erty, whether or not the United States or a spec-ified State agency has title to the money or property, that is not a claim (as defined in sub-section (i)(2)) and that— 
‘‘(A) is presented or caused to be presented to 
an officer, employee, or agent of the Department or agency thereof, or of any specified State agency; or 
‘‘(B) is made to a contractor, grantee, or any 
other recipient if the money or property is to be spent or used on the Department’s behalf or to advance a Department program or interest, and if the Department— 
‘‘(i) provides or has provided any portion of 
the money or property requested or demanded; or 
‘‘(ii) will reimburse such contractor, grantee 
or other recipient for any portion of the money or property which is requested or demanded. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘specified State agency’ means 
an agency of a State government established or designated to administer or supervise the admin-istration of a grant, contract, or other agree-ment funded in whole or in part by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(s) For purposes of subsection (o), the term 
‘obligation’ means an established duty, whether or not fixed, arising from an express or implied contractual, grantor-grantee, or licensor-li-censee relationship, for a fee-based or similar re-lationship, from statute or regulation, or from the retention of any overpayment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1128A 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or speci-
fied claims’’ after ‘‘claims’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or speci-
fied claims’’ after ‘‘claims’’; 
(2) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘or specified 
claim’’ after ‘‘claim’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or specified claim (as de-
fined in subsection (r)(6))’’ after ‘‘district where the claim’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to a person 
described in subsection (o), the person)’’ after ‘‘claimant’’; 
(C) by inserting ‘‘that are not received by the 
Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services under subsection (q) as re-imbursement’’ after ‘‘amounts recovered’’; and 
(D) by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of a penalty 
or assessment under subsection (o), by a speci-fied State agency (as defined in subsection (r)(7))’’ after ‘‘or a State agency’’. 
Subtitle B—Other Reforms 
SEC. 4041. SPR DRAWDOWN. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.—Notwithstanding 
section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b) the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell— 
(1) 4,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the Stra-
tegic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2018; 
(2) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the Stra-
tegic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2019; 
(3) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the Stra-
tegic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2020; 
(4) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the Stra-
tegic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2021; 
(5) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2022; 
(6) 15,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2023; 
(7) 15,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2024; and 
(8) 15,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2025. 
Amounts received for a sale under this sub-
section shall be deposited in the General Fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. 
(b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary 
shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in amounts that would result in a Strategic Petroleum Reserve that contains an in-ventory of petroleum products representing less than 90 days of emergency reserves, based on the average daily level of net imports of crude oil and petroleum products in the previous cal-endar year. 
(c) P
ROCEEDS .—Proceeds from a sale under 
this section shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury of the United States. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 4061. LYME DISEASE AND OTHER TICK- 
BORNE DISEASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART W—LYME DISEASE AND OTHER 
TICK-BORNE DISEASES 
‘‘SEC. 399OO. RESEARCH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct or support epidemiological, basic, translational, and clinical research regarding 
Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases. 
‘‘(b) B IENNIAL REPORTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that each biennial report under section 403 includes information on actions undertaken by the National Institutes of Health to carry out subsection (a) with respect to Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases, including an assess-ment of the progress made in improving the out-comes of Lyme disease and such other tick-borne diseases. 
‘‘SEC. 399OO–1. WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a permanent working group, to be known as the Interagency Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Working Group (in this section and sec-tion 399OO–2 referred to as the ‘Working Group’), to review all efforts within the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services concerning Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases to ensure interagency coordination, minimize over-lap, and examine research priorities. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Working Group 
shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than 24 months after the date of 
enactment of this part, and every 24 months thereafter, develop or update a summary of— 
‘‘(A) ongoing Lyme disease and other tick- 
borne disease research related to causes, preven-tion, treatment, surveillance, diagnosis, diagnostics, duration of illness, intervention, and access to services and supports for individ-uals with Lyme disease or other tick-borne dis-eases; 
‘‘(B) advances made pursuant to such re-
search; 
‘‘(C) the engagement of the Department of 
Health and Human Services with persons that participate at the public meetings required by paragraph (5); and 
‘‘(D) the comments received by the Working 
Group at such public meetings and the Sec-retary’s response to such comments; 
‘‘(2) ensure that a broad spectrum of scientific 
viewpoints is represented in each such summary; 
‘‘(3) monitor Federal activities with respect to 
Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases; 
‘‘(4) make recommendations to the Secretary 
regarding any appropriate changes to such ac-tivities; and 
‘‘(5) ensure public input by holding annual 
public meetings that address scientific advances, research questions, surveillance activities, and emerging strains in species of pathogenic orga-nisms. 
‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall 
be composed of a total of 14 members as follows: 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL MEMBERS .—Seven Federal mem-
bers, consisting of one or more representatives of each of— 
‘‘(i) the Office of the Assistant Secretary for 
Health; 
‘‘(ii) the Food and Drug Administration; ‘‘(iii) the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention; 
‘‘(iv) the National Institutes of Health; and ‘‘(v) such other agencies and offices of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL PUBLIC MEMBERS .—Seven 
non-Federal public members, consisting of rep-resentatives of the following categories: 
‘‘(i) Physicians and other medical providers 
with experience in diagnosing and treating Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases. 
‘‘(ii) Scientists or researchers with expertise. 
‘‘(iii) Patients and their family members. ‘‘(iv) Nonprofit organizations that advocate 
for patients with respect to Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases. 
‘‘(v) Other individuals whose expertise is de-
termined by the Secretary to be beneficial to the functioning of the Working Group. 
‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—The members of the 
Working Group shall be appointed by the Sec-retary, except that of the non-Federal public members under paragraph (1)(B)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5069 July 10, 2015 
‘‘(A) one shall be appointed by the Speaker of 
the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) one shall be appointed by the majority 
leader of the Senate. 
‘‘(3) D IVERSITY OF SCIENTIFIC PERSPECTIVES .— 
In making appointments under paragraph (2), the Secretary, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the majority leader of the Sen-ate shall ensure that the non-Federal public members of the Working Group represent a di-versity of scientific perspectives. 
‘‘(4) T
ERMS .—The non-Federal public members 
of the Working Group shall each be appointed to serve a 4-year term and may be reappointed at the end of such term. 
‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .—The Working Group shall 
meet as often as necessary, as determined by the Secretary, but not less than twice each year. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Working 
Group shall be treated as an advisory committee subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 24 months 
after the date of enactment of this part, and every 24 months thereafter, the Working Group— 
‘‘(1) shall submit a report on its activities, in-
cluding an up-to-date summary under sub-section (b)(1) and any recommendations under subsection (b)(4), to the Secretary, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate; 
‘‘(2) shall make each such report publicly 
available on the website of the Department of Health and Human Services; and 
‘‘(3) shall allow any member of the Working 
Group to include in any such report minority views. 
‘‘SEC. 399OO–2. STRATEGIC PLAN. 
‘‘Not later than 3 years after the date of en-
actment of this section, and every 5 years there-after, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a strategic plan, informed by the most recent summary under section 399OO–1(b)(1), for the conduct and support of Lyme disease and tick- borne disease research, including— 
‘‘(1) proposed budgetary requirements; ‘‘(2) a plan for improving outcomes of Lyme 
disease and other tick-borne diseases, including progress related to chronic or persistent symp-toms and chronic or persistent infection and co- infections; 
‘‘(3) a plan for improving diagnosis, treat-
ment, and prevention; 
‘‘(4) appropriate benchmarks to measure 
progress on achieving the improvements de-scribed in paragraphs (2) and (3); and 
‘‘(5) a plan to disseminate each summary 
under section 399OO–1(b)(1) and other relevant information developed by the Working Group to the public, including health care providers, pub-lic health departments, and other relevant med-ical groups.’’. 
(b) N
OADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS .—No additional funds are author-
ized to be appropriated for the purpose of car-rying out this section and the amendment made by this section, and this section and such amendment shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–193. Each such fur-ther amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, beginning on line 6, strike para-
graph (1) and insert the following: 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund $1,860,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
Page 13, beginning on line 3, strike sub-
section (f). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Chair, I yield my-
self 2 minutes. 
I rise to support my amendment 
against the creation of a new manda-tory program. 
Some on the other side have called 
my amendment a poison pill. I consider that a compliment. A poison pill was reserved for the man who brought human reason to Greece. I similarly would like to bring a bit of reason to bear on the budget process of the United States. 
We are currently $127 trillion light on 
mandatory spending at present. This means by 2027, all Federal revenues will be spent on only mandatory pro-grams. This is a disaster. 
My children right now are 13 and 16. 
By the time they are about 30, we will have zero dollars for running the gov-ernment because all dollars will be spent on these mandatory programs. 
We all want cures, and I am for the 
underlying bill—make no mistake—but in economics, rationality requires that we rank our preferences in order and fund the best programs. This is one of them. 
There is no issue finding $2 billion 
out of a $3.5 trillion budget, but cur-rently, there is no discipline up here in this city. We just fund everything and hand the bill to the next generation. 
Every mandatory program starts off 
with high hopes, but go to the trustee reports on the major mandatory pro-grams today, and you will find that they are all insolvent by around 2030 as well. 
Today, you will hear all sorts of 
fancy terminology about pay-fors and oil reserves and deficits, but don’t be fooled. Our annual deficit spending is about $500 billion right now and on its way to a trillion in a few more years. 
We are off course on every front. We 
always talk about the children, but at present, we are handing our children $18 trillion in debt and another $127 trillion in mandatory programs. 
You want the truth? The children are 
the only group up here on Capitol Hill without a lobbyist, and that is why 
they are getting trashed. 
If you want a cure, go to a doctor; 
but if you want to clean up the U.S. 
economy, please consult an economist or two. The numbers in the story I have given are not in dispute. The only issue is whether we have the resolve to balance our budgets and leave our chil-dren a brighter day. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
Madam Chair, I strongly oppose this 
amendment because making this fund-ing discretionary and subject to later appropriations is critically short-sighted for two reasons. 
We thought that this might be a pla-
cebo amendment, but yes, it really is a poison pill that would undermine the victories the Republicans secured in 21st Century Cures, including trans-formative regulatory reforms at FDA and permanent entitlement savings in both Medicare and Medicaid. 
Second, supporting the amendment 
means voting against the critical bal-ance that we found to pay for these in-vestments using mandatory savings in a way that reduces the deficit in work-ing with the Appropriations Com-mittee. 
According to the CBO, this bill will 
reduce the deficit by some $500-plus million over the first 10 years, and we conservatively estimate that it cuts $7 billion in the second decade. 
Third, more than 100 organizations 
have joined together to oppose this amendment. They represent a cross- section of organizations, including pa-tient groups, universities, veterans, innovators, and medical providers. 
I would ask my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no’’ on the Brat amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair, the 
greatest danger facing our country is a national debt that now exceeds our en-tire economy. This year, we spent $230 billion just to pay interest on that debt. 
The CBO warns that, on our current 
trajectory, interest payments will ex-ceed our entire defense budget just 8 years from now. Behold the chaos in Greece, and consider that our Nation is not far behind. 
Congress has labored mightily to 
enact a budget that saves us from this dismal future, but having set that course, we must stay that course. The underlying bill makes many worthy changes in law, but it evades the dis-cipline the budget requires to save our country from the fate of Greece. 
Mr. B
RAT’s amendment places this 
bill back within the boundaries of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.001 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5070 July 10, 2015 
budget without budget gimmickry and 
can be easily accommodated by cutting lower priority spending. The question before us is whether we will fund our priorities responsibly or follow Greece to ruin. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), my friend and 
the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chairwoman, 
if we want to speed the pace of innova-tion and development of new treatment and cures, we must increase funding to NIH. 
We all know the numbers. NIH has 
$8.2 billion less to spend in fiscal year 2015 than it had in fiscal year 2003, when adjusted for inflation. That fund-ing erosion has reduced the application success rate, leaving promising re-search ideas to languish due to lack of funding. It has also left many young and midcareer scientists wondering whether they can support themselves through a career in biomedical re-search. 
The NIH and Cures innovation fund 
aims to reverse that trajectory by pro-viding $8.7 in mandatory funding over a 5-year period. Providing mandatory funding through the innovation fund would ensure that NIH has increased funding to make critical investments in research that will help us deliver on the promise of the 21st Century Cures Act, to accelerate the pace of scientific advancement that leads to life-improv-ing and lifesaving treatments and cures. 
Madam Chairwoman, without this 
funding stream, H.R. 6, I think, will be ineffective; and I urge Members to re-ject the Brat amendment. 
I am in strong opposition to the Brat 
amendment. 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Chair, I support 
the 21st Century Cures Act underlying text, and I thank the chairman. It has been masterful work. 
And who wouldn’t? Who doesn’t want 
to do something in Congress about these horrific, debilitating diseases that plague our families? We all do, but targeting additional NIH funding for cures remains critical. We absolutely all support it, but I don’t support how we are paying for it—because we are not. 
Many of us who preach about the 
problems associated with mandatory spending have used the same board I use in my townhall meetings. People have seen this, and they know where we are headed. It is the biggest driver of future debt. 
We are creating more mandatory 
spending as we speak, and we are plac-ing the burden of paying for it on peo-ple that aren’t even alive yet. It is in-credible. 
I have championed the need for pro-
viding a cure for rare diseases and the things that plague members of our citi-zenry since I have been here. One thing 
missing from this bill is the legaliza-tion of CBD. This act seems to forget about children with epilepsy and their desperate need for a cure. 
I ask for support of this amendment 
simply to shift the money from manda-tory to discretionary and force us to make the tough decisions we came here to make. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), the ranking member 
on the Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Madam 
Chair, I thank the chair of the com-mittee for yielding. 
If you like how we are doing research 
right now, then you need to support the Brat amendment because we are not funding research adequately. Ev-erybody says that. That is why there are so many supporters in the private sector and also 230 cosponsors of this bill. 
The sponsor of the amendment called 
it a poison pill. I don’t think there is anything more appropriate than that for this amendment, because this bill is intended to save people’s lives and to make people have a better lifestyle. When you take a poison pill, you die. That is what will happen if we do not do mandatory spending in this bill. 
This bill is paid for. You can rail 
against mandatory spending, but there are cuts in other parts of the Federal budget that will pay for this. Don’t let anybody delude themselves into think-ing that this is increasing spending. 
We are cutting spending while we are 
trying to redirect it to the NIH and FDA to have these new therapies and also get them through the approval process. 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. I
SSA). 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, in this short 
1 minute, I will close by reminding peo-ple that Ronald Reagan so notably said: ‘‘Nothing lasts longer than a tem-porary government program.’’ 
This is a permanent program that is 
only paid for in offsets at one-quarter what it costs, and that is an estimate. If the cost goes up, it will spend even more. 
Understand that we are selling the 
strategic petroleum reserves to pay for the vast majority of this 5-year pro-gram, and then we are taking 10 years to pay for the remainder. 
This is a gimmick. It is not paid for. 
Do not be fooled. If you are a fiscal conservative, you must consider this not a permanent entitlement and vote for the Brat amendment because, if you don’t, what you are doing is unfairly adding to this debt. 
I would vote for this if it was paid 
for. Madam Chair, it is not paid for. It is a fraudulent pay-for by any possible means of this body. 
Please, vote for the Brat amendment 
because this is not a pay-for entitle-ment. 
Mr. BRAT. I yield back the balance 
of my time. b0930 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Members are re-
minded to refrain from trafficking the well while another Member is under recognition. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield to 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ) for a unanimous consent re-
quest. 
(Mr. FATTAH asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I rise in 
favor of the underlying bill and in op-position to this poison-pill amendment. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chairman, let 
me just say to the gentleman from California, it is paid for. CBO has cer-tified that all of it is paid for. 
Madam Chair, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentlewoman from In-diana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), a member of the 
committee. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Madam 
Chairman, I rise today to voice my un-wavering support for 21st Century Cures and vehement opposition to the amendment before us. 
What the authors of this specific 
amendment fail to grasp is that 21st Century Cures will actually advance real conservative reforms to the enti-tlement system that will reduce the deficit and save our Nation billions of dollars. 
There are real cuts in this bill. CBO 
has scored it. And since when are we ignoring CBO? 
These reforms didn’t happen over-
night. This legislation is the result of well over a year of thoughtful and pur-poseful negotiations. 
Unfortunately, the backers of this 
amendment cannot see the forest for the trees. Contrary to the misinforma-tion that led them to craft it, the inno-vation fund is not forever on autopilot. It sunsets after 5 years. Those are 5 solid years where we can recruit the top minds to investigate cures that will change and save lives, yes, the lives of our children and the next gen-eration. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with 
me in opposition, in addition to the over 100 groups who are opposed to the Brat amendment, groups of patient groups, universities, veterans, innovators, medical providers. Every one of these groups urges Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Brat amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.007 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5071 July 10, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
INDIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 6, line 19, strike ‘‘409K’’ and insert 
‘‘409L’’. 
Page 15, after line 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 1002. PRIZE COMPETITIONS. 
Part B of title IV of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 409K. PRIZE COMPETITIONS FOR IMPROV-
ING HEALTH OUTCOMES AND RE-DUCING FEDERAL EXPENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT ; GOALS .—The Director 
of NIH shall establish and implement an In-novation Prizes Program for one or both of the following goals: 
‘‘(1) Identifying and funding areas of bio-
medical science that could realize significant advancements through the creation of a prize competition. 
‘‘(2) Improving health outcomes, particu-
larly with respect to human diseases and conditions for which public and private in-vestment in research is disproportionately small relative to Federal Government ex-penditures on prevention and treatment ac-tivities, thereby reducing Federal expendi-tures on health programs. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGN OF PRIZE COMPETITIONS .—Not 
later than 6 months after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Director of NIH shall— 
‘‘(1) design prize competitions— ‘‘(A) to cooperate with competitors to real-
ize innovations to identify and address areas of biomedical science that could realize sig-nificant advancements through the creation of a prize competition; and 
‘‘(B) to award one or more prizes— ‘‘(i) if appropriate, at the beginning of or 
during the competitions, to the competitors whose innovations are most promising or demonstrate progress; and 
‘‘(ii) at the end of the competitions, to the 
competitors whose innovations prove to be the best solutions; 
‘‘(2) ensure that the design of such com-
petitions— 
‘‘(A) is realistic, given the amount of funds 
to be awarded as prizes; 
‘‘(B) does not reflect any bias concerning 
the type of innovations which will prove to be the best solutions; and 
‘‘(C) allows any person to participate as a 
competitor without regard to the person’s place of incorporation, primary place of busi-ness, citizenship, and residency, as applica-ble; and 
‘‘(3) submit to the Congress a report on the 
design of such competitions. 
‘‘(c) I
NNOVATION PRIZES ADVISORY BOARD .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of NIH 
shall establish and maintain a board, to be known as the I-Prize Board, to advise and as-sist the Director of NIH in carrying out this section. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION ; TERMS .— 
‘‘(A) C OMPOSITION .—The I-Prize Board shall 
be composed of 9 voting members as follows: 
‘‘(i) The Director of NIH (or the Director’s 
designee). 
‘‘(ii) Four members appointed by the Direc-
tor of NIH. 
‘‘(iii) One member appointed by the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(iv) One member appointed by the major-
ity leader of the Senate. ‘‘(v) One member appointed by the minor-
ity leader of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(vi) One member appointed by the minor-
ity leader in the Senate. 
‘‘(B) I NCLUSION OF CERTAIN EXPERTS .—The 
members of the I-Prize Board appointed under clauses (ii) through (vi) of subpara-graph (A) shall, collectively, include med-ical, economic, budgetary, innovation, or venture capital experts from for-profit and not-for-profit private sector entities with ex-perience in awarding prizes similar to the prizes under this section. 
‘‘(C) T
ERMS .—The appointed members of 
the I-Prize Board shall each be appointed for a term of 5 years. 
‘‘(D) A
PPOINTMENT OF INITIAL MEMBERS .— 
The initial appointed members of the I-Prize Board shall be appointed not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The I-Prize Board 
shall be responsible for advising the Director of NIH by— 
‘‘(A) identifying areas of biomedical 
science that could realize significant ad-vancements through the creation of a prize competition; 
‘‘(B) making recommendations on estab-
lishing the criteria for prize competitions under this section; 
‘‘(C) making recommendations on which 
business organizations or other entities have successfully met the criteria established for the prize competition; and 
‘‘(D) gaining insight from researchers, 
health economists, academia, and industry on how to conduct prize competitions. 
‘‘(d) R
ESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) N O FINANCIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— 
Any member of the I-Prize Board, and any officer or employee of the National Insti-tutes of Health responsible for carrying out this section, may not personally or substan-tially participate in the consideration or de-termination by the I-Board of any matter that would directly or predictably effect any financial interest of— 
‘‘(A) the individual or a relative (as such 
term is defined in section 109(16) of the Eth-ics in Government Act of 1978) of the indi-vidual; or 
‘‘(B) of any business organization or other 
entity— 
‘‘(i) of which the individual is an officer or 
employee; 
‘‘(ii) with respect to which the individual is 
negotiating for employment; or 
‘‘(iii) in which the individual has any other 
financial interest. 
‘‘(2) N
O AWARDS TO COMPETITORS LIKELY TO  
REAP FINANCIAL BENEFIT FROM INNOVATION .— 
The Director of NIH may not, with respect to an innovation, award a prize under this sec-tion to any individual or entity that has a vested financial interest in any product or procedure that is likely to be developed or marketed because of such innovation. 
‘‘(e) P
ROCESS OF AWARD .—The full mone-
tary amount of any prize awarded under this section shall be made available to the prize winner not later than 90 days after the date of such award. 
‘‘(f) S
IMULATION .—The Director of NIH 
may— 
‘‘(1) award one or more contracts— ‘‘(A) to perform a simulation of the prize 
competitions to be conducted under this sec-tion, based on the designs developed under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(B) to use the simulation to assess the ef-
fectiveness of the design; and 
‘‘(2) not later than 4 months after awarding 
such one or more contracts, submit to the Congress a report on the results of the sim-ulation and assessment. 
‘‘(g) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PRIZE COMPETI -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of NIH may 
enter into an agreement with one or more entities described in section 501(c), and ex-empt from tax under section 501(a), of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to implement prize competitions based on the designs de-veloped under subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE FOR PRIZES .—If 
the Director of NIH enters into an agreement under paragraph (1) to provide funds or other assistance (including in-kind contributions and testing or other technical support) to an entity to implement a prize competition under this section— 
‘‘(A) not more than 15 percent of such as-
sistance shall be for administration of the prize competition; and 
‘‘(B) not less than 85 percent of such assist-
ance shall be for activities in direct support of competitors such as demonstration, test-ing, education, and prize awards. 
‘‘(h) T
RACKING ; REPORTING .—The Director 
of NIH shall— 
‘‘(1) collect information on— ‘‘(A) the medical efficacy of innovations 
funded through the prize competitions under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the actual and potential effect of the 
innovations on Federal expenditures; and 
‘‘(2) not later than one year after the con-
clusion of the prize competitions under this section, and not later than the end of each of the 4 succeeding years, submit to the Con-gress a report on the information collected under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(i) I
NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION ON THE GOVERNMENT AC -
QUIRING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS .— 
The Federal Government may not gain an in-terest in intellectual property developed by a participant in a prize competition under this section without the written consent of the participant. 
‘‘(2) L
ICENSES .—The Federal Government 
may negotiate a license for the use of intel-lectual property developed by a participant in a prize competition under this section.’’. 
Page 26, line 11, insert ‘‘, as amended by 
section 1002 of this Act,’’ after ‘‘et seq.)’’ 
Page 26, line 13, strike ‘‘ 409K ’’ and insert 
‘‘409L’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I want to thank Mr. U
PTON for 
his work on the 21st Century Cures Act, finally making medical break-throughs a national priority. With this bill, we will extend the longevity and improve the lives of millions of Ameri-cans now and in the future. And in the process, we will dramatically reduce the taxpayer money we spend to treat sick Americans. 
With all that in mind, I want to high-
light an amendment that my thought-ful and hard-working colleague, Dr. H
ARRIS of Maryland, and I have worked 
on, and I urge my colleagues’ support. This amendment would create within NIH a structure for a medical prize pro-gram. 
The United States is currently spend-
ing $632 billion per year through just one program, Medicare, to cover health services of qualified beneficiaries. To help lower taxpayer costs as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.010 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5072 July 10, 2015 
improve patient outcomes, this amend-
ment will offer modest monetary re-wards to those outside of government who can develop significant medical breakthroughs. 
The medical prize program will en-
courage scientists and entrepreneurs, especially those that don’t typically receive NIH grants, to develop cost- saving, life-improving cures for some of the most debilitating diseases that af-flict our young and old. 
With those thoughts in mind, I urge 
your support of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, while I 
appreciate the efforts of the amend-ment’s sponsors, I cannot support the Young-Harris amendment. 
As currently drafted, the amendment 
threatens to undermine the inde-pendent peer review process that is the bedrock of NIH funding by injecting politics into the development and im-plementation of the prize competition. 
The amendment would create an in-
novation prize advisory board to assist the NIH Director in carrying out the prize competition that is composed of nine members, four of which are politi-cally appointed. It would also take away resources from existing research grant programs and other research ef-forts at NIH. 
It would require NIH to put money on 
reserve for the prize competition, money that would go back into the Treasury instead of funding research if the prize is not won in a given fiscal year. 
While I am not opposed to the poten-
tial of setting up a prize-like system— in fact, NIH already has such author-ity—I would prefer to work with the sponsors on the language to find a more appropriate way to accomplish their goals. Therefore, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. I would just like to say 
as chairman of the committee that I look forward to working with the gen-tleman on the language. I think this is an important amendment. I am going to speak in favor of it on Mr. Y
OUNG ’s 
time in a moment. 
But I just want to pledge that we will 
work with you on language that cer-tainly we can all accept, knowing that the goal is a very good one. 
Mr. PALLONE. I appreciate that. 
Thank you. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I would just add that the pur-pose of this amendment, obviously, well received on both sides of the aisle—perhaps there are particulars we can work on—is to catalyze more inno-vation among the thousands, tens of thousands of entrepreneurs and 
innovators around this country, really around the world. 
If we can get more minds collectively 
thinking about medical breakthroughs, about actually curing diseases, as a preventative measure, we can save sig-nificant amounts of money in the long term. We can dramatically improve lives in the shorter term. 
This is a model that opens up Federal 
Government funding as a reward for these innovations to our Nation’s innovators, our entrepreneurs, our doers. 
Right now, the NIH grant process is 
suboptimal for a lot of these individ-uals. I can speak to one individual. He used to be my neighbor, Fazni Aziz, of Bloomington, Indiana. He is a Thomas Edison-like figure, and he used to have a workshop right next to his house. He developed medical devices on his own and sold them off to larger companies. 
Fazni Aziz would not receive an NIH 
grant. He will never apply for one. He doesn’t have time to apply for one. Would he target a medical innovation on account of a prize that is offered? Indeed. We have consulted with him. 
So for the people like Fazni Aziz 
around the world that can help Ameri-cans, we have developed this prize pro-gram. 
Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), 
the chairman. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I do rise 
in support of this important amend-ment that, with Mr. Y
OUNG and Dr. 
HARRIS , would authorize the NIH to 
conduct a prize program. The intent of the amendment is, in fact, to incentivize health innovation by offer-ing competitors the chance to win a prize for developing breakthroughs. We ought to be encouraging that. 
Importantly, individuals who win the 
prize competition would keep all of the intellectual property rights. I think that is very important. 
So I would ask my colleagues to sup-
port the amendment. I look forward to working with both sides of the aisle to make sure that we can, in fact, perfect it as we get to the end of the cycle and, ultimately, to the President’s desk. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 13, strike lines 8 through 13 (and 
make such conforming changes as may be necessary). The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I am very 
pleased to offer this amendment with my colleagues, two great women, Rep-resentative J
ANSCHAKOWSKY and Rep-
resentative Y VETTE CLARKE . 
Our amendment is very simple. It 
would strike a provision in this bill that applies to any policy riders in-cluded in the annual Labor, Health and Human Services and Agricultural ap-propriations bills to the new National Institutes of Health funds and the Fed-eral Drug Administration funds in-cluded in H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
This provision reiterates the current 
law restrictions on appropriations bills, like the Hyde amendment, which is restrictive and discriminatory against low-income women to make their own reproductive healthcare deci-sions. Now this would apply to this new fund created for the NIH in this bill. 
Let’s be clear what this is really 
about. It is yet another attempt to in-sert abortion restrictions and other in-appropriate riders into an unrelated bill. 
This is a bill to increase biomedical 
innovative research. The 21st Century Cures Act should have been a non-controversial, bipartisan effort. But anti-choice leaders could not help but add this to the bill after—mind you, after—it had passed out of committee on a bipartisan vote. It is really out-rageous and part of a larger effort to force the inclusion of these harmful Hyde restrictions in multiple and unre-lated bills. 
We know that these dangerous poli-
cies disproportionately affect low-in-come women and women of color. So our amendment is about removing these inappropriate and consistent at-tacks on a woman’s right to make her own healthcare decisions. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ to 
protecting a woman’s right to choose. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ITTS), the chairman of 
the Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the Lee amendment. If passed, this amendment would allow the National Institutes of Health to use taxpayer dollars to conduct experi-ments involving abortion or to hone abortion techniques. 
Let me be clear. The underlying bill 
simply applies current Federal health policies that have been approved by both Republican and Democrat majori-ties for decades to new funds appro-priated in the Cures bill. It is nothing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.011 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5073 July 10, 2015 
more than the status quo applied to 
new funding. 
There is a reason why these policies 
are the status quo. Americans do not want their tax dollars used to destroy unborn lives. A poll conducted just this January showed 68 percent of Ameri-cans oppose taxpayer funding for abor-tion. 
H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, is 
about finding cures and protecting the health and well-being of Americans. It would be a terrible injustice if a bill designed to save lives were to become a conduit for the destruction of the most vulnerable, the voiceless unborn who are still too young to be heard crying out for help. 
I urge all Members to oppose this 
amendment. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), a cosponsor of 
this amendment. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chair, I 
am proud to join Congresswoman L EE 
and Congresswoman C LARKE in offering 
this amendment. 
Our amendment would strike the pol-
icy riders that were added to the 21st Century Cures Act after it passed unanimously the Energy and Com-merce Committee, 51–0. 
b0945 
Most notably, our amendment would 
remove the unnecessary addition of the Hyde amendment. The Hyde amend-ment is a discriminatory policy that denies millions of women the full range of healthcare choices, and it has no business being included in this legisla-tion. 
It is time for us to stop using these 
bills as a way to discriminate against women. Going forward, as far as I am concerned, I will not support any bill that adds such language. 
It is time for us to stop taking away 
health services from low-income women, from women serving in the military, from Federal employees, and from every woman who relies on the Federal Government for her health in-surance. All women, regardless of their incomes and what insurance they have, deserve to make their own health choices. 
This harmful provision is unrelated 
to the goals of this otherwise bipar-tisan landmark legislation, and I ask that Members vote in favor of our amendment. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), the vice 
chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Chair-
man, I do rise in opposition to this amendment. I think it is important to realize a couple of things. 
The American people have spoken 
out on this issue. Sixty-eight percent of all Americans oppose taxpayer dol-lars being used for abortions. Seventy- one percent of all millennials oppose this. What the Lee amendment would do is 
strip away bipartisan agreements that we use in appropriations bills. This is not something that is new. It is not language that is new. 
The Hyde amendment and the Hyde 
language has been around for a very long time. The Lee amendment would reverse important limitations to pro-tect these taxpayer dollars. 
I have mentioned the opposition to 
abortion. There is also prohibition for the use of public funds to advocate for gun control, limit Federal grants from being awarded to tax cheats. Do we really want tax cheats being able to get Federal dollars? 
It limits extravagant conference 
spending for public employees. Do we really want them to be able to waste these dollars? Of course not. Of course not. 
That is why this language is in the 
bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote against the Lee amendment. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ), another cosponsor 
of this amendment. 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Madam 
Chair, today I rise in support of the Lee-Schakowsky-Clarke amendment, and I thank them for their leadership in advancing this amendment. 
H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, 
which received unanimous support from members of the Energy and Com-merce Committee, demonstrates that Democrats and Republicans can work together in an effort to develop medi-cines, treatments, and cures that will save lives. 
Unfortunately, our bipartisan con-
sensus has been undermined by a last- minute inclusion of an antichoice pro-vision in this bill. This new provision, which is a cynical poison pill and lacks germaneness to the underlying bill, would place restrictions on women’s ability to access health services. 
It fails to respect the personal dig-
nity of women by limiting their healthcare options. It interferes with the private relationship between a woman and her doctor, and it denies women what I believe is their funda-mental right to have control over their own bodies. 
I am deeply concerned that this new 
provision will only serve as confirma-tion for the skeptics, who believe that Members of Congress are simply unable to work with each other in the public interest. 
We have the opportunity to disprove 
the skeptic by voting for this amend-ment and stripping out this provision. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, could I 
ask how much time is remaining on each side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan has 2 minutes remain-ing, and the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, I do rise in opposition 
to the Lee amendment. The Lee amendment would strip dozens of im-
portant limitations and restrictions that routinely apply to funding appro-priated by Congress with bipartisan support and through the normal appro-priation process. 
For example, this amendment would 
strike limitations that, as has been noted, would prevent taxpayer dollars from being used to destroy life. And, frankly, they have been in place since the seventies, going back to the Henry Hyde days in the House. 
The Lee amendment would also 
strike other commonsense protections that normally apply to appropriated funds. This includes restrictions that prevent Federal grants from being awarded to tax cheats. 
The Lee amendment would be a vote, 
should it pass, to allow abuse of tax-payer funds. So I would urge the House to reject this amendment. 
We carefully wrote provisions that 
the riders that are in place would apply to each of the years of the NIH funds. And I think that that is appropriate, that the Lee amendment would under-mine that. 
So I would urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. I yield 1 minute to the gen-
tlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ), a leader of this bill and 
sponsor. 
Ms. D EGETTE. Madam Chair, I rise 
in strong support of the Lee amend-ment, which removes completely un-necessary and intrusive policy riders attached to the funding provisions of the underlying bill after its unanimous passage from our committee. 
At best, these policy riders are im-
material provisions that have no effect on the policies and activities of the NIH or FDA. Many of them interfere with researchers and the scientific un-derstanding that can make us all safer and healthier. 
The inclusion of the Hyde amend-
ment, among these riders, is especially offensive. The last I heard, neither the NIH or the FDA ever performed abor-tions. And so Hyde’s restrictions re-mind us that even bipartisan efforts are not immune from political attacks. 
Women consist of more than half the 
patients in America, and their healthcare needs should not be insulted and restricted by this Congress. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Con-
gresswomen L
EE, S CHAKOWSKY , and 
CLARKE , for introducing this amend-
ment. We should remove these policy riders and keep 21st Century Cures’ focus on the great potential to do more for patients. 
Ms. LEE. I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.013 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5074 July 10, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Chair, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 32, line 8, insert before the period the 
following: ‘‘, including underrepresented in-dividuals in the sciences, such as women and other minorities’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Chair, 
I thank Chairman U PTON , Ranking 
Member P ALLONE , and also Congress-
woman D EGETTE for their work on this 
bill. 
My amendment seeks to ensure that, 
when the NIH reports on its retention of young scientists, it includes data specifically related to women and other underrepresented minority popu-lations in the scientific community. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition, although I do not oppose this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, we sup-
port this amendment. I think that it is important. It would include underrep-resented individuals in the sciences in the NIH report on efforts to attract, re-tain, and develop emerging scientists. 
It is important to ensure that the 
NIH is indeed focused on including all qualified individuals dedicated to find-ing cures. 
I know no one that is opposed to this 
amendment. We support it. I appreciate your hard work on this and look for-ward to having it be part of the process as it moves forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Chair, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the ranking 
member. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chairwoman, 
this amendment would require the NIH to report on their specific efforts to at-tract more women and racial and eth-nic minorities into the biomedical workforce. 
It is clear that we must reverse the 
harmful trend of limited participation by women and racial and ethnic mi-norities in the biomedical workforce. 
To remain the world’s leader in re-
search, we must encourage the best and brightest from all populations to pur-sue biomedical research careers. Without robust participation by 
women and ethnic minorities, we risk losing our position as having the best biomedical workforce in the world. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, this 
gives me an opportunity to not only thank the gentleman for his very as-tute amendment, but to thank the sponsors of this bill, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. 
GREEN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. U PTON , for 
all the work that has been done. 
Having served a number of years on 
the House Science Committee, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas be-cause all we heard very often was the value of investing in minorities and women as the new cutting edge of sci-entific research. 
We know that this bill is expansive, 
but we are delighted with your empha-sis on the recruiting of women and mi-norities, particularly for the young emerging scientists, and primarily be-cause they begin to fuel the next gen-eration of research and the next gen-eration of the solving of problems, which is the American Cures Act. 
So I rise to support the gentleman’s 
amendment and say to you that the documentation is long, that these indi-viduals will then fill the laboratories of America and begin to do cutting-edge research to be able to create a better life for all of us. 
I thank the gentleman. I support his 
amendment. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
thank Chairman U
PTON and the Repub-
licans for their cooperation on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ILL). The 
question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
AS-
TRO). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . SLAUGHTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 152, insert after line 9 the following 
new subsection: 
(c) S TUDY AND REPORT ON THE IMPACT OF  
ADDITIONAL MEDICARE PAYMENT FOR DIS-
ARM D RUGS ON USAGE PRACTICES AND DEVEL -
OPMENT OF RESISTANCE .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Director of the Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention shall con-duct a study to examine the effects of the ad-ditional payment for DISARM drugs under the Medicare program provided under sub-paragraph (M) of section 1886(d)(5) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)), as added by subsection (a), on— 
(A) the usage of DISARM drugs (as defined 
by clause (iii) of such subparagraph) by sub-section (d) hospitals (as defined in section 1886(d)(1)(B) of such Act); and 
(B) the development of resistance by indi-
viduals to such DISARM drugs. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than three years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, such Director shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New York. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today in support of my amendment which directs the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control, to study whether incentivizing the use of new anti-biotics, which the underlying bill does, will lead to antibiotic resistance and cause these lifesaving drugs to be less effective. 
Section 2123 of the 21st Century 
Cures Act authorizes additional pay-ments to hospitals for using newly de-veloped antibiotics. 
b1000 
Of course, the reason we need new 
antibiotics is that we have frittered away one of the greatest medical achievements of the 21st century by overusing the ones that we already have and hastening the development of bacterial resistance. 
I fear that paying hospitals more to 
use a new generation of antibiotics will just repeat the cycle of overuse and de-velop more drug-resistant superbugs. Quite simply, the taxpayers should not foot the bill for practices that are mak-ing antibiotics less effective. 
This amendment directs the CDC to 
study the effect the bill would have on drugs that are part of the foundation of modern medicine. I urge my col-leagues, many of whom have expressed their alarm at the rise of antibiotic re-sistance, to support the amendment. 
I am certainly not alone in my con-
cern about this section of the bill. I know there are several Members, my-self included, who will feel safer if sec-tion 2123 was removed entirely. 
A recent report from the United 
Kingdom review on antimicrobial re-sistance, led by brilliant economist Jim O’Neill, noted that increasing re-imbursements for new antibiotics risks undermining ‘‘good infection control and antibiotic stewardship practices within hospitals.’’ The study required by this amendment will provide valu-able data on the link between efforts to incentivize development of new anti-biotics and the development of resist-ance to make sure we don’t repeat the cycle. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to be clear 
about what is at stake here. World-wide, antibiotic-resistant infections al-ready kill 700,000 people every year. If we don’t act now, by the year 2050, ac-cording to Mr. O’Neill’s study, the an-nual death toll will rise to 10 million a year, and the costs will be $100 trillion. 
The World Health Organization has 
told us that the very future of medi-cine is at stake. Without antibiotics, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.015 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5075 July 10, 2015 
modern medical advances such as joint 
replacements and organ transplants would be impossible, and even the rou-tine procedures such as dental work and caesarean sections would be too risky to perform. 
We have to remember that our ur-
gent need for new antibiotics is due to our widespread misuse and overuse of the current antibiotics that led to the crisis of antibiotic resistance. We have to cure that before we use new anti-biotics. 
Mr. Chairman, 30 to 50 percent of the 
antibiotics prescribed to humans are unnecessary, but 80 percent of the anti-biotics produced in the United States are used on industrial farms where they are routinely fed to healthy ani-mals. It is an absolute recipe for cre-ating antibiotic resistance. We can’t afford to keep using such precious, live-saving resources so thoughtlessly. The changes in how our current anti-biotics are used are desperately needed. 
Unfortunately, my amendment 
doesn’t do what I would really like to do, which would be to protect eight classes of antibiotics just for use in human health by not allowing their use on the farm except for sick animals. 
Remember, as I said before, these 
antibiotics, 80 percent, are fed to well animals every single day. However, the amendment will ensure that we can know whether incentives to develop new antibiotics continue the problem of resistance. Having effective anti-biotic for humans is too important not to get this right. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support the amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, although 
I am not in opposition to the amend-ment, I claim the time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, we 
strongly support this amendment, and I congratulate the gentlewoman for of-fering it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
AR-
TON), the former chairman, ranking 
member, subcommittee chair, ranking member, and now chairman emeritus and former deputy whip. 
(Mr. BARTON asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman. 
Mr. Chairman, if you look up here at 
the podium right behind me on the Re-publican side, what do you see? Carved into the balustrade is the word ‘‘lib-erty.’’ If you look on the Democratic side, what do you see? You see the word ‘‘justice.’’ If you look straight down the center aisle right between them, what do you see? It is ‘‘tolerance.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, the bill that is before 
us today is a culmination of 4 years of hard work between both political par-ties and both leaderships of the Energy and Commerce Committee on both 
sides of the aisle in which a lot of tol-erance has been exhibited. 
Conservatives on the Republican side 
haven’t gotten everything that we want in this bill, and liberals on the Democratic side haven’t gotten every-thing they want on this bill, but the work product is a culmination of an open process that Chairman U
PTON and 
subcommittee Chairman P ITTS have 
put together. 
Every member of the committee has 
been invited to numerous working groups—probably 10, 15, I don’t know— and have been given every opportunity to have input into what they want and what they don’t want. 
This bill would become law, and it 
will stay law. It will become law, and it will unite the medical research com-munity. There are things in this bill that I have worked on for 10 years that will help find cures sooner rather than later. 
Mr. Chairman, I had a woman in my 
office in Texas 4 days ago. Her son has autism, and he is 11 years old. He is her only child. They literally don’t know what to do. He speaks one word at a time. He becomes violent. 
She has almost given up hope, but we 
are doing amazing research in autism. This bill will facilitate and expedite that. I am tired of telling parents of children: I don’t know. I can’t help you. 
I want to say: Here is what we are 
doing. 
This bill does that. Now, Mr. Chairman, there is a $2 bil-
lion mandatory program for 5 years called the innovation fund. Some of my conservative friends have said: Oh, we can’t vote for the bill because of that program. 
What was Medicare part D? It was a 
mandatory program—$40 billion that was not offset. Every Republican in the House voted for that—I might point out every Democrat voted against it— and that was voluntary. The people could participate or not participate, but it was mandatory that the Federal Government had to spend the money. 
Last year, we voted on a program for 
veterans, $10 billion. Every Republican in the House voted for that. It wasn’t offset. 
Now, I would rather that we have ev-
erything discretionary. I wish the whole Federal budget was discre-tionary except for Social Security, but it is not. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 15 sec-onds. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, let’s 
come together. Let’s vote for some-thing that we can all be proud of so that we can tell the parents of children with autism that there is hope and there is a future. 
Vote ‘‘yes.’’ Please vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
very much want to thank Mr. U
PTON  for his graciousness in accepting this, 
and I look forward to working with him further on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentleman from Texas, Congressman G
ENEGREEN . 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member on the Rules Committee for bringing up this amendment. I support the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill also includes 
some great provisions in there for the next generation of research on anti-biotics. Congressman J
OHN SHIMKUS  
and I worked on it this session, and previously, over the last two sessions, Congressman Phil Gingrey and I worked on it. 
What this amendment addresses is it 
is not just a new generation, but we also need to not overuse what we have. That is a problem in our country. As I say, I have sinus infections, but those antibiotics won’t help it. We need to make sure we don’t overuse. 
Mr. Chairman, I am glad our col-
league has come up with the amend-ment, and I support her amendment. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), a 
member of the important Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Chairman 
U
PTON . 
Mr. Chairman, my DISARM Act is 
part of this H.R. 6 Cures Act, and I thank Chairman U
PTON and his staff 
for including it. It is a focal point of a lot of discussion on both sides of the aisle as it relates to antibiotics. 
Mr. Chairman, there is an incredible 
health threat that has manifested itself interestingly and sadly in two important ways near my constituency in the Chicago area. 
Back in December of 2013, 44 patients 
at Lutheran General Hospital cultured positive for CRE, which is known as the nightmare bacteria. To put this in perspective, previously, only 96 cases had been reported to the CDC before. Nearby, in Algonquin, Illinois, two cases of an ostensibly drug-resistant tuberculosis were also diagnosed. Now, according to the CDC, 23,000 patients die annually from this. 
What the DISARM Act does—which 
is embedded in Cures, H.R. 6—is it gets researchers and scientists back in the business of antibiotic research and de-velopment by modernizing how Medi-care views treatments for infections that are considered to be unmet med-ical needs. 
It reimburses target antibiotics at 
cost to ensure a functioning market-place where the right treatment is used at the right time for the right patient helping to reinvigorate the pipeline of drugs and development, and it is a crit-ical piece of the drug resistance puzzle. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of 
Cures, H.R. 6, and I thank Chairman U
PTON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.019 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5076 July 10, 2015 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGH -
TER). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 235, after line 2, insert the following: 
Subtitle R—Other Provisions 
SEC. 2321. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that record-
ing unique device identifiers at the point-of- care in electronic health record systems could significantly enhance the availability of medical device data for postmarket sur-veillance purposes. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) 
and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, first, I want to ex-
press my deep appreciation to Chair-man U
PTON and Ranking Member 
DEGETTE on this bill. The funding and 
these innovative reforms will save lives, and that is something that every-one in this Chamber should be proud of. There are a lot of wonderful provisions in this bill, and we should see those provisions through. 
I am a member, Mr. Chairman, of the 
Rare Disease Caucus. Like most of us here, I have met with constituents with incredible stories of courage and stories of their battle with diseases without treatments. It would be easy to fall victim to despair, but they don’t. 
They remain beacons of hope, hope 
for a treatment and hope for a world where no one else has to go through what they did. They look to us to sup-port them and to fight alongside them for these treatments in lifesaving re-search, and I am proud to stand with them and to fight for them. 
There is a part of this bill that I be-
lieve will do more harm than good, and that is the part that deals with easing medical device safety regulations. While we bring our research and treat-ments into the 21st century, I think it is equally important we bring our med-ical device safety regulations into the 21st century as well. 
As part of a 21st century approach to 
medical devices, the FDA has estab-lished a unique device identification system to adequately identify medical devices through their distribution and use. These codes can significantly im-prove safety and help track down dan-
gerous recalled products. 
Currently, these UDIs are not incor-
porated into all electronic health records, which make it difficult to fully achieve the benefits to patient safety. For example, a claim form might list a procedure like a routine surgery to remove uterine fibroids, but not note the make or model of the de-vice used, such as the laparoscopic power morcellator, a device that the FDA placed a black box warning on, some manufacturers have recalled, and some insurance companies have stopped covering as a result of its dev-astatingly adverse effects on women’s health. 
It is this tragedy surrounding the 
power morcellator that has driven me to action, and it is why I offered eight amendments to the Rules Committee which would strengthen our safety laws. 
This week, I have heard from dozens 
of these individuals affected by com-plications from power morcellation. One doctor from California sent me a note about how her sister died 9 months after a routine surgery with a power morcellator. A woman from Mas-sachusetts described her battle with the cancer that was spread by the morcellator. These constituents wrote their letters to Members of Congress and copied my office. 
Another constituent in New York 
lost her sister to cancer spread by the morcellator and described her sister’s tragedy as ‘‘a routine surgery ending with a death sentence.’’ A constituent of mine, a doctor and a mother of six children, is courageously fighting an aggressive cancer that was spread by the blades of the device. 
What happened, Mr. Chairman, with 
the power morcellator should never be allowed to happen again, and I think that we missed an opportunity with this bill to tackle this problem head- on. 
In 2011, the Institute of Medicine 
found the current, four-decade-old medical device safety process known as 510(k) inadequate, noting ‘‘510(k) proc-ess lacks the legal basis to be a reliable premarket screen of the safety and ef-fectiveness of moderate-risk devices.’’ 
I wish the bill had addressed this gap 
that allowed the power morcellator to slip through and cause unnecessary harm to way too many families. 
b1015 
It is time we take our medical device 
safety regulations into the 21st cen-tury. I ask my colleagues to join me in this effort and to support this amend-ment of mine today, which is a small but important step. 
I am proud to stand for patient safe-
ty. I urge my colleagues to stand with me and the thousands of others who have been injured or killed by unsafe medical devices. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS). 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
support of the amendment offered by Representative F
ITZPATRICK . The Fitzpatrick amendment would 
put forward a sense of Congress that our healthcare system should find ways to incorporate information from med-ical devices into the care of our Na-tion’s patients. 
I believe that such information can 
prove a valuable tool advancing quality health care in this country, but it must be done carefully to ensure that the value to patients, healthcare providers, industry, and the government is real-ized. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition, although I do want to speak in favor of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, the amendment of-
fered today by Congressman F
ITZPATRICK expresses a sense of Con-
gress that recording unique device identifiers within electronic health records could significantly enhance the availability of medical device data for purposes of postmarket surveillance. 
I have long supported the use of 
UDIs. In the Food and Drug Adminis-tration Amendment Act of 2007, we re-quired FDA to establish a unique de-vice identification system; and in the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012, we required FDA to promulgate final implementing regulations on how UDIs should be used. 
Better integrating the use of UDIs 
into our health system will lead to im-proved medical devices and care across our healthcare system that will mod-ernize how FDA monitors the safety of 
medical devices after they have been approved or cleared, and it will enable FDA and providers to identify medical devices with a history of safety issues. It also will facilitate recalls and make it easier for patients to learn when their medical device, such as a knee implant, is subject to a recall. 
The unique device identifier is one 
more tool that can help FDA and our healthcare system improve their moni-toring of the safety of medical devices. Incorporating UDIs into electronic health records will take time, but it is a worthy goal, and one that I support. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment offered by Congressman F
ITZPATRICK . 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Ranking Member P
ALLONE and Chairman P ITTS for their 
support of this amendment. 
This amendment will, as I said, take 
a small step toward improving medical device safety in the United States. 
As I said earlier in my remarks, I 
have seven amendments that did not make it out of Rules Committee, and I hope to be able to work with the chair-man and the ranking member on those issues as well. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.020 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5077 July 10, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
support of the Fitzpatrick Amendment. 
The unique device identifier (UDI) is an ex-
tremely important patient-safety tool, and can help identify safety concerns with devices more quickly or disprove a suspected problem. I support the inclusion of UDI in electronic health records, as this amendment encour-ages. But I have also been working in the Ways and Means Committee to include the UDI in Medicare claims. 
As is the case with any new medical tech-
nology, not all adverse events are detected in the product’s market approval or clearance processes. However, we can mitigate the im-pact on patients with a robust post-market sur-veillance program. 
In 2013 and 2014 alone, the FDA recalled 
more than 120 medical devices, but in many cases, the recall occurs only after the devices have been implanted in or used by hundreds or thousands of patients. This can result in ex-tensive revision surgeries, severe pain or other medical problems, and in some cases, even death. In a 2001 device recall case, Sweden’s post-market surveillance program successfully identified the faulty device after it had been implanted in 30 patients. By con-trast, the same device was implanted into 3,000 U.S. patients before the gravity of the problem was recognized. 
The FDA’s Sentinel Initiative, which has 
been very successful in tracking and evalu-ating adverse events linked to the use of phar-maceuticals, relies primarily on data from health insurance claims. Because claims cur-rently lack information on the specific devices used in patients’ care, Sentinel cannot be ex-panded to include medical devices as Con-gress has directed FDA to do. This is a missed opportunity. 
Patients deserve access to innovative new 
devices that improve their health and their lives. And a vote for this amendment tells pa-tients that we owe it to them and to be able to quickly identify problems with devices when they arise. 
I urge my colleagues to support this amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 235, insert after line 2 the following 
new subtitle: 
Subtitle R—Other Provisions 
SEC. 2321. STUDY ON TWO-TIERED APPROVAL 
PROCESS FOR DEVICES BY FDA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report assessing the feasibility, benefits, and risks associated with establishing an expedited, two-tiered approval process for devices (as defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)) that would en-able devices to be lawfully marketed as of the date on which the device has been shown to be safe— 
(1) regardless of whether the device has 
been shown to be effective; and 
(2) so long as the person submitting the ap-
plication for approval of the device has made no false claims with respect to whether the device is safe or effective. 
(b) I
NCLUDED ELEMENTS OF REPORT .—The 
report described in subsection (a) shall in-clude— 
(1) an analysis of the impact of such a 
process on survival rates and quality of life measures for seniors and individuals with disabilities; 
(2) an analysis of the impact of such a 
process on survival rates and quality of life measures of individuals suffering from life- threatening or irreversibly debilitating human diseases or conditions; 
(3) an estimation of the impact such a 
process would have on national health care costs; 
(4) an analysis of the extent to which such 
a process could be designed so as to guar-antee that patient safety is not com-promised; 
(5) an analysis of the extent to which 
fraudulent or ineffective devices could be marketed to patients under such a process and how such risks could be successfully mitigated; 
(6) proposals for providing device manufac-
turers with incentives to show the effective-ness of devices after the Secretary of Health and Human Services has approved such de-vices to be lawfully marketed under such a system, such as— 
(A) by permitting only limited marketing 
of a device, the effectiveness of which has not yet been shown; or 
(B) by revoking approval of any device, the 
effectiveness of which has not been shown within a specified timeframe; and 
(7) recommendations for whether such a 
process should be applicable to all devices or to only devices that have been granted spe-cific designations by the Secretary or been determined eligible to be approved under specific approval programs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to start by commending Chairman U
PTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. G REEN , and so many oth-
ers. I am proud to join as a cosponsor for the 21st Century Cures Act, which is really a first step to updating our ap-proval process to help countless Ameri-cans gain access to lifesaving drugs and devices. 
This bill will save lives. I am proud 
to support it and send a strong message that we need to move forward with re-form. 
But at the same time we are passing 
this bill, we should start thinking about what the next step is. Passage of this bill should not foreclose additional opportunities in the future to improve access to lifesaving medical device products and lifesaving drugs. Most importantly, this body can 
move forward with the next generation and start the process to help people get access to medical technology that can help keep people healthy, independent, save lives, and save money. 
It is in that spirit that I put forward 
my amendment, which would look at a two-tiered approval process for medical devices, that would allow devices to come to market once they have dem-onstrated safety while the FDA is still reviewing them for efficacy. 
This solves a real problem in the 
world. In the U.S., the cost of bringing a medical device to market through the approval process is $30 million to $100 million. Those are costs that are then added to consumers of the medical device. That makes it even more dif-ficult for niche medical devices that may help rare and unusual conditions because they are priced prohibitively. 
In addition, there is the aspect of the 
timeline. In the European market, for instance, if somebody creates a new de-vice to prevent blood clots, it reaches the market in 7 to 11 months. In the U.S. market, they are looking at a timeline of 2
1⁄2to 4 years. Think of how 
many sufferers might die or have addi-tional health problems simply because our own government is keeping that lifesaving product off the market, even though it has been demonstrated as safe. 
An additional result is that some 
medical technology companies are by-passing the U.S. market altogether when they develop new devices, which can result in years-long delays for ac-cess to U.S. patients and, in some cases, companies who view the U.S. ap-proval system as too expensive market their devices exclusively in other na-tions. 
I think it is important to talk about 
what comes next. I think that with both devices and drugs, we need to look at the potential for a two-tiered proc-ess that allows a provisional approval and access to the U.S. market. That doesn’t mean that insurance will cover it. That doesn’t mean, clearly, that they can make any health claims with regard to the efficacy of their product. That is in existing law. But with re-gard to the safety being demonstrated, the provisional marketing of the prod-uct in America can save lives and will save lives. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise not necessarily in op-position to the amendment, but con-cerning the amendment offered by my colleague, Congressman P
OLIS. 
I want to thank the Congressman for 
his efforts to advance medical device 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.010 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5078 July 10, 2015 
development and would like to work 
with him on the legislation to enhance patient access to therapies. 
However, I am concerned this amend-
ment as drafted would lower the ap-proval standard for medical devices and suggest that patients should be ex-posed to products that are not proven effective. 
The FDA approval is a global gold 
standard for safety and effectiveness. While I support efforts to modernize and improve the standard, safety can-not be evaluated in a vacuum, and pa-tients should not be offered treatments that have not been studied or proven useful to their care. 
I have great respect for my colleague, 
Congressman P
OLIS, and appreciate his 
commitment to improving our healthcare system. I would like to work with him forward on that because he was correct in his statement, this doesn’t mean it will be reimbursed. So we are proving a device is safe but it is not effective. I think there is a way, maybe, we can still make sure that not only we want it to be safe, but we want also to solve the problem or have a cure for whatever particular illness. 
Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I yield 
to the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to give my commitment, too. I would like to work with the gentleman from Colorado. This is an important issue. I believe it has got merit, but we have got to make sure that it is de-signed just the right way. 
I want to say it is probably the late-
ness of the timing of the amendment when it came forward. It is my under-standing the gentleman may withdraw the amendment—I would appreciate that—and allow us some time to really get together and see if there might be another day. 
Mr. PALLONE. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I yield 
to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to join with my other colleagues, Mr. G
REEN and also the chairman, that 
we do understand the purpose of the Polis amendment, but we do have prob-lems with it at the same time. We would like to have a conversation with Mr. P
OLIS about it. I understand he is 
going to withdraw it. Then we would follow up and have a conversation and perhaps a meeting with the FDA as well. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
both the chair and the ranking mem-ber. 
This is a very important discussion 
to have, both with regard to devices and also with regard to drugs. 
We know that there are treatments 
that are available overseas. I represent a district with, by the way, one of the largest veterinary hospitals in our country, Colorado State University 
Veterinary Teaching Hospital, and I can tell you that there are actually treatments, advance treatments avail-able today for animals with cancer, like horses, that are not yet approved for humans and are lifesaving. 
If we can provide access in a short-
ened timeframe—I understand that while medical devices might cost $30 million to $100 million to bring to mar-ket, drugs often cost over $1 billion to bring to market. 
There are additional opportunities, 
by the way, in making sure that, as part of this provisional process, at least with regard to drugs, the data can be gathered, too. So it can serve a dual function and might, at the same time complying with some of the needs or an updating of the needs of some of the phases of FDA efficacy trials, it can ac-tually be available through a market- oriented plan where people, consumers who are fully informed and, of course, to whom no health claims have been made, can choose to purchase the prod-uct, just as they can today, by the way, but they have to buy it overseas and import it for their own personal use. I have constituents who do that. But I think we can facilitate that process. 
I deeply appreciate working with the 
chair and the ranking member of the committee and the subcommittee with regard to helping to bring access to lifesaving medical devices and pharma-ceutical products to our shore. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. POLIS. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
was actually going to rise in opposition to the amendment, although now it is being withdrawn I see an opportunity here for, perhaps, us to work together on the medical device safety issue. 
I was going to object and vote 
against the amendment because it is my concern that the amendment would actually loosen medical device safety regulations and permit safe but ineffec-tive devices to get to the market. I know that this sort of came late in the process. I would have objected because I had seven amendments before the committee to strengthen medical de-vice regulations. But since the amend-ment is being withdrawn, I would see an opportunity for us perhaps to work together, take a step back and look at all the FDA regulations on medical de-vice safety. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 352, after line 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 4062. OUTREACH TO HISTORICALLY BLACK 
COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices shall conduct outreach to historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic- serving institutions, Native American col-leges, and rural colleges to ensure that health professionals from underrepresented populations are aware of research opportuni-ties under this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me add my appreciation to Mr. U
PTON , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
PALLONE , and Mr. G REEN , and I ask the 
simple question: When have we had a historic opportunity on the floor of the House to have such a major invest-ment—major investment—in the lives and health of Americans, quality in-vestment involving a mandatory fund that will open America’s labs and put more people in labs and be able to give people relief on some of the issues that we have heard discussed today? 
I thank Mr. B
ARTON for raising the 
sadness that comes of parents that can-not find answers. Many of them are my constituency who have children with sickle cell, as we have been attempting to research this disease for many, many years; or the lupus that took ad-vantage of a very active civic leader and caused the hospitalization for months; or this issue of triple negative breast cancer that many people are not aware of. 
The amendment I have today is to 
emphasize the importance of outreach to our Historically Black Colleges, His-panic-Serving, Indian, Native Amer-ican, and rural colleges. 
Let me explain for a brief moment 
the importance of this particular mes-sage. 
Physicians are a gateway to the pa-
tient. In short, the Jackson Lee amendment seeks to open up the physi-cian gateway for patients and to re-searchers. It is to emphasize STEM education. It is to talk about the dif-ferent medical illnesses and how im-portant it is to reach out to these par-ticular institutions to produce more medical professionals. 
According to the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, sickle cell trait is common among African Ameri-cans and occurs in about 1 in 12. Addi-
tionally, race and ethnicity have also been shown to affect the effectiveness in response to certain drugs. 
We need these students from these 
colleges to be in our labs, to be physi-cians, and to welcome minorities into the clinical labs; because we have evi-dence to show of the short numbers of individuals who volunteer for clinicals, and minorities are at the low end. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.025 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5079 July 10, 2015 
b1030 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
the Jackson Lee amendment. Open the doors of research and patient care through doctors, and open the doors of solving some of these very difficult dis-eases. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I sup-port the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 2 minutes. 
I appreciate this amendment. It is a 
good amendment, and it builds on what a member of our committee, B
OBBY  
RUSH, did in the full committee mark-
up. 
It directs the Secretary of HHS to 
perform outreach to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, to Hispanic- serving institutions, Native American colleges, and rural colleges to ensure health professionals from unrepre-sented areas are, in fact, aware of re-search opportunities under this act. It is a real complement to what was done before. 
Mr. R
USH, as I remember, grabbed me 
on the House floor literally during our 
markup process and was very sup-portive of a number of amendments through the night. In fact, we worked on those amendments and included them in the manager’s amendment. I offered them the very next morning, and they were accepted on a voice vote. This is clearly a bipartisan amend-ment. It is essential that we include everyone as we find cures for all. 
Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand I have worked 
together on a number of health-related issues over the years, on date rape drugs and other issues that really strike to the heart. So I appreciate her value in adding this amendment, and I very strongly support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, this is a 
special day. This is probably the first day that I would have preferred to have been a member of the chairman’s com-mittee rather than of the Appropria-tions Committee. The committee should be congratulated for its great work on this bill, and I am happy to be an original cosponsor. 
I rise in support of the amendment. 
It is critically important that we have serious outreach to all of our univer-sities and medical centers, including African American, Hispanic, Native American universities, and those in the most rural parts of our country. 
I thank the gentleman and D
IANA 
DEGETTE and all of those who worked 
on this great piece of legislation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 21⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am delighted to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AL-
LONE ), the distinguished ranking mem-
ber of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to urge support for this amend-ment. 
We need to make sure that emerging 
scientists from all populations under-stand Congress’ commitment to ensur-ing that the funding is there to support our biomedical workforce. 
Requiring the Secretary to do out-
reach to colleges and universities that educate large numbers of students from underrepresented groups will ensure that all groups know of our commit-ment to making sure that funding is not a barrier to a career in biomedical research. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the S
HEILA JACKSON LEEamend-
ment. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. In reclaiming 
my time, Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. U
PTON . I certainly thank Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. P ALLONE , and, again, my dear 
friend from Texas (Mr. G REEN ) for his 
great leadership. 
Let me indicate that certain medical 
illnesses have been known to have a higher prevalence amongst certain de-mographic groups, including type 2 dia-betes, lupus, sickle cell anemia, triple- negative breast cancer, and many other forms of diseases impacting our chil-dren, ones with early birth. 
So I ask my colleagues again to sup-
port this because increased diversity in research trials could help researchers find better, more precise ways to fight diseases that disproportionately im-pact certain populations and may be important for the safe and effective use of therapies. 
Again, I think this is a historic day, 
and I join with Mr. U
PTON to say that 
we have been friends. We started with the first bill together, and all of these Members have come together to put a historic mark on this Nation to say that we will not take a back step to any nation on research and on improv-ing the quality of life for all of our citi-zens. 
I must say that this is a historic day 
as well for minorities. I thank Mr. R
USH for his constant service, and I 
take note of the fact that increased in this is the ability to raise the FDA loans that people might get to $50,000, which will help many minorities. I hold this chart to show that minorities don’t volunteer for clinicals without the outreach. 
Finally, I am delighted to have a let-
ter from United Negro College Fund President Michael Lomax, who indi-cates that 25 percent of African Amer-ican graduates with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and math come from our Historically Black Col-leges. 
They are waiting in line to be a part 
of these clinicals, to be doctors and re-searchers, and we must give them that opportunity. It is a historic day. UNITED NEGRO COLLEGE FUND, INC., 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. S HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE JACKSON LEE: On 
behalf of UNCF (the United Negro College Fund), our 37 member private historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and the students we serve, I write to express our strong support for your amendment to H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, which would 
require the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to increase its outreach to underrepresented health professionals and researchers regarding federal research oppor-tunities. 
As you know, Historically Black Colleges 
and Universities (HBCUs) are making strong contributions to the nation’s scientific, tech-nological, and research workforce. HBCUs enroll 10 percent of African American under-graduates, but produce 25 percent of African American graduates with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields. According to the National Science Foundation (NSF), ten of the top eleven baccalaureate institutions producing African American STEM doctorate recipi-ents are HBCUs. Four HBCU medical institu-tions supply over 50 percent of African Amer-icans who receive doctoral degrees in medi-cine, dentistry, and the biomedical sciences each year. 
Despite these contributions, federal efforts 
to tap into this talent pool in the dissemina-tion of federal research grants at the Na-tional Institutes of Health, the NSF, and other federal science agencies continues to lag behind. Your amendment will help draw greater attention to the disproportionately low representation of minority researchers in U.S. Department of Health and Human Services-supported biomedical and behav-ioral research. 
We are grateful for your recognition of the 
vital need to diversify and strengthen the nation’s scientific and research workforce and thank you for your ongoing advocacy to drive improvement. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL L. L OMAX , PH.D., 
President and CEO, UNCF. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I cannot con-
clude my remarks without saying that just a few minutes ago, by video, I wit-nessed the flag of South Carolina—the rebel flag—being taken down. 
I would only say that it is a unifying 
factor. This bill is a unifying factor, and it is going to help all of us. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the 
desk. It is listed in the Rule as Jackson Lee #8. 
I wish to thank the Chair and Ranking Mem-
ber of the Committee on Rules for making the Jackson Lee Amendment in order. 
I thank Energy and Commerce Committee 
Chairman U
PTON and Ranking Member P AL-
LONE for their collaborative effort that resulted 
in this bipartisan legislation being reported fa-vorably to the House by a vote of 51–0. 
I thank them all for this opportunity to ex-
plain the Jackson Lee Amendment, which makes a good bill even better by ensuring that the national goals of finding and bringing more cures and treatments to patients and strength-ening the biomedical innovation ecosystem in the United States is aided by an expanding pool of diverse and talented medical research-ers. 
Specifically, the Jackson Lee Amendment 
provides: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.029 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5080 July 10, 2015 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices shall conduct outreach to historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic-serv-ing institutions, Native American colleges, and rural colleges to ensure that health profes-sionals from underrepresented populations are aware of research opportunities under this Act. 
Many racial health disparities stem from lack 
of access to quality healthcare and proper health awareness. 
Unfortunately this means that incidence of 
disease does not always match trial popu-lations. 
For example, consider that: 1. African-Americans represent 12% of the 
U.S. population but only 5% of clinical trial participants. 
2. Hispanics make up 16% of the population 
but only 1% of clinical trial participants. 
3. Sex distribution in cardiovascular device 
trials is 67% male. 
Other significant barriers to diversified clin-
ical trials, which are the key to sound medical research and the foundation for medical cures and breakthroughs, as reported by investiga-tors and coordinators are insurance status, pa-tient inconvenience costs, availability of trans-portation, distance to the study site, and pa-tient and family concerns about risk. 
But the most significant barriers limiting clin-
ical participation are race, age, and sex of par-ticipants: 
1. Women and minority patients are more 
difficult to recruit. 
2. Women and minority physicians have 
less experience and are relatively more costly to engage. 
3. Minority patients with limited English pro-
ficiency can require costly translation services. 
The first step in engaging women and mi-
norities in clinical trials is finding them. 
Research has shown that minority patients 
seek physicians of their own race, so bringing these doctors into trials is critical. 
‘‘Physicians are the gateway to the patient’’. There are disturbing statistics on the num-
ber of African Americans, Hispanics and Na-tive Americans pursuing academic qualification and participating in scientific research. 
Many barriers exist that account for the low 
rate of participation among diverse commu-nities, including patient fear of experimentation and lack of understanding or education with regard to the importance of clinical trials in creating new treatments and cures. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment is intended to 
aid in the necessary effort to diversify the pool of doctors and medical researchers conducting clinical trials, and thereby helping to diversify the participants in the clinical trials. 
In short, the Jackson Lee Amendment 
seeks to open the ‘‘physician gateway’’ to the patient. 
The Journal on STEM Education reported in 
2011 that only 8.34% of the STEM doctorates awarded in 2006 were given to URMs, despite making up approximately 28% of the U.S. population. 
Furthermore, GAO noted that while the per-
centage of underrepresented minorities nation-wide increased from 13% to 19% from 1994 to 2003, the total number of STEM doctorates awarded to the same group dropped during this period from 8,335 to 7,310. 
In response, the National Institute of Gen-
eral Medical Sciences (NIGMS) created the Minority Opportunities in Research (MORE) Division and similar academic intervention pro-grams. The MORE programs are comprised of four 
primary components: research experience, mentoring and advisement, supplemental in-struction and workshops, and financial sup-port. 
In 2007, NIGMS’ annual budget was $1.9 
billion, of which nearly $126 million was spent on its MORE programs. 
This amount includes the Minority Bio-
medical Research Support–Research Initiative for Scientific Enhancement (MBRS–RISE) pro-gram, the Minority Access to Research Ca-reers (MARC), Post-baccalaureate Research Education Program (PREP), and the Bridges to the Baccalaureate and Bridges to the Ph.D. programs. 
The amount of funds dedicated to these 
programs reflects the commitment by the science and research community to the goals of the MORE Division in addressing this prob-lem. 
Certain medical illnesses have been known 
to have higher prevalence in certain demo-graphic groups, including type II diabetes, lupus, sickle cell anemia, and Triple Negative Breast Cancer for which African Americans are more than twice as likely to be diagnosed on average. 
According to the Centers for Disease Con-
trol and Prevention, sickle cell trait is common among African Americans and occurs in about 1 in 12, and sickle cell disease occurs in about 1 out of every 500 African-American births, compared to about 1 out of every 36,000 Hispanic-American births. 
Race and ethnicity have also been shown to 
affect the effectiveness of and response to certain drugs, such as anti-hypertensive thera-pies in the treatment of hypertension in African Americans and anti-depressants in Hispanics. 
Increased diversity in research trials could 
help researchers find better, more precise ways to fight diseases that disproportionately impact certain populations, and may be impor-tant for the safe and effective use of new therapies. 
But before we can engage more women 
and minorities to participate in clinical trials, we must be able to find them. 
And the key to finding minority patients is to 
find more physicians from their racial and eth-nic groups because research has shown that physicians are the gateway to the patient. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment opens that 
gateway. 
I urge support for the Jackson Lee Amend-
ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–193 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. B
RAT of 
Virginia. 
Amendment No. 3 by Ms. L EEof Cali-
fornia. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 141, noes 281, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 431] 
AYES—141 
Abraham 
Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barr Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Crawford Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Grothman Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McClintock Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Newhouse Noem Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—281 
Adams Aguilar Allen Ashford Barletta Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.016 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5081 July 10, 2015 
Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Flores Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed 
Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bass 
DeSaulnier Engel Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez 
Kennedy Lofgren Neugebauer Roe (TN) 
Salmon Sanchez, Loretta 
b1107 
Messrs. RICHMOND, MARINO, 
KNIGHT, HUFFMAN, and RYAN of Ohio changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mrs. WALORSKI and Mr. TROTT 
changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 245, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 432] 
AYES—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Bass DeSaulnier Engel Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez 
Kennedy Lofgren Neugebauer Roe (TN) 
Rooney (FL) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1115 
Mr. GRAYSON changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
further amendments, the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. H ILL, Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.008 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5082 July 10, 2015 
state of the Union, reported that that 
Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other pur-poses, and, pursuant to House Resolu-tion 350, he reported the bill, as amend-ed by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage will be fol-lowed by a 5-minute vote on approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 344, noes 77, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 433] 
AYES—344 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Fattah Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hastings 
Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui 
McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—77 
Amash 
Babin Black Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Carter (TX) Conaway Crawford Culberson DeLauro DesJarlais Duffy Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming 
Forbes Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Grijalva Grothman Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Labrador Lamborn Lee Loudermilk 
Love Lummis Massie McClintock Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nadler Neugebauer Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rokita Sanford Sensenbrenner 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stewart 
Stutzman Tipton Walker Weber (TX) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Williams 
NOT VOTING—12 
Bass 
Bishop (UT) DeSaulnier Engel Graves (MO) 
Gutie´rrez 
Kennedy Lofgren Roe (TN) 
Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Wittman 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1126 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that 
I was unable to vote on Friday, July 10 as I was attending the memorial services of a dear friend in my congressional district. Had I been present, I would have cast the following votes: rollcall No. 431: ‘‘no;’’ rollcall No. 432: ‘‘aye;’’ rollcall No. 433: ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I missed votes on H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. Specifically, I missed an amendment by Rep. D
AVEBRAT(R–VA) (roll-
call No. 431), amendment by Rep. B ARBARA  
LEE(D–CA) (rollcall No. 432), and Final Pas-
sage of H.R. 6 (rollcall No. 433). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the amendment by Rep. D
AVEBRAT(R–VA) (roll-
call No. 431), ‘‘yea’’ on the amendment by Rep. B
ARBARA LEE(D–CA) (rollcall no. 432), 
and ‘‘yea’’ on the Final Passage of H.R. 6 (rollcall No. 433). 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Friday, July 10, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 431, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 432, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 433 in support of H.R. 6—21st Century Cures Act. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 3020, DEPART-
MENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDU-CATION, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–195) on the bill (H.R. 3020) making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.037 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5083 July 10, 2015 
purposes, which was referred to the 
Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
S
TEFANIK ). Pursuant to clause 1, rule 
XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
b1130 
THE VENEZUELA OF YESTERDAY, 
TODAY, AND TOMORROW 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-
er, I urge my colleagues to visit the graphic display that is exhibited right now at the Rayburn foyer called the Venezuela of Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow. 
This exhibit carries the hopes and 
dreams of Venezuelans and Venezuelan Americans who worked hard to restore democracy, freedom, and prosperity to their homeland. 
The Maduro regime has destroyed the 
economy of a once wealthy nation, causing widespread shortages and long lines for consumer goods. 
Innocent men and women who de-
mand the protection of democratic principles are arrested with false charges and tried by kangaroo courts, where their fate is already sealed. 
Madam Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to join the Educational Foun-dation for Democracy and IVAC for a tour of this impressive collection of photos that documents the prosperous democratic past, the oppressive present, and the bright future that awaits Venezuela, for which they are fighting now. 
f 
CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, today 
is a proud day in the State of South Carolina and should be a proud day throughout the South in the United States of America, for the South Caro-lina legislature, under the direction of their Governor, took down the Confed-erate flag that flew on their capitol. 
It should be a proud day for all, for 
the South is much more than the flag, and the South has much to be proud of. But the flag symbolizes things that are not something the South should not be proud of. 
Patterson Hood, a member of a band 
called Drive-by Truckers, wrote a song called The Southern Thing and has a commentary in The New York Times Magazine this week, expressing why he hates hatred and sees the flag as divi-sive and why it should come down. 
It was the right thing to do. And the 
Mississippi State flag should come down, which has the rebel flag as part of its insignia and is in the halls of the Congress. That flag, as has been asked by Representative B
ENNIE THOMPSON of 
Mississippi and Leader P ELOSI , should 
also come down. 
Signs of treason, signs of hate, signs 
of racism have no place in the United States of America’s halls of Congress and should come down. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, I want 
to thank my colleagues today for pass-ing the 21st Century Cures Act to cre-ate a path forward to expedite the de-livery of lifesaving and life-improving cures that will change the lives of mil-lions across this Nation. 
I want to share the story of Arturo 
Solares from my district, who is 7
1⁄2 
years old and lives in Evans, Georgia. Arturo was diagnosed on his fourth birthday with autism. On that day, he had less than 50 words and was consid-ered severely affected. The doctor didn’t give his family much hope for the future. 
Thanks to the dedication of his par-
ents and innovation in our medical community there, today Arturo doesn’t even need speech therapy. However, he still needs medications which are cur-rently caught up in bureaucratic red tape. 
This bill, the 21st Century Cures Act, 
provides a modern healthcare solution that gives hope to so many families like Arturo’s and others across this great country. 
I thank my colleagues for passing 
this legislation today that will improve the lives of future generations. 
f 
TARRANT COUNTY BLACK HISTOR-
ICAL & GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the four surviving char-ter members of the Tarrant County Black Historical & Genealogical Soci-ety, those being Ms. Erma Johnson Hadley, Ms. Opal Lee, Mr. Frank Moss, and Reverend Arthur Slaughter. 
The Tarrant County Black Historical 
& Genealogical Society began as a need for material relating to the Black his-tory that was available to Tarrant County universities and libraries. 
In 1974, the late Ms. Lenora Rolla 
began to collect personal papers, scrap-books, clippings, photographic collec-tions, artwork, and other relevant ma-terials to create this society and, also, what is an incredible archive. 
Following its inception, Ms. Hadley, 
Opal Lee, Frank Moss, and Reverend Slaughter continued the organization’s work to educate Tarrant County resi-dents about its rich African American history, and they will be honored dur-ing this month’s Tarrant County Black Historical & Genealogical Biannual Member Luncheon at the Fort Worth 
Botanic Gardens. 
Today, with the help of these four 
charter members, the society continues to collect, preserve, and enrich our community, and I applaud their efforts. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
(Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, we have all heard the phrase ‘‘if you have your health, you have everything.’’ 
But for many who are suffering from 
debilitating diseases or caring for a family member with one, their ability to pursue life, liberty, and happiness is interrupted. 
Mr. Speaker, the reason entitlement 
spending is so vast in this country is because we have diseases and condi-tions requiring countless dollars. 
We are America, the greatest country 
in the world. We have big ideas, and we want to provide the best future for our children and our grandchildren. 
The 21st Century Cures Act is just 
one of those big ideas that will produce numerous benefits for everyone. And for fiscal conservatives like myself, we should appreciate this bill and its pas-sage with overwhelming support. 
In our healthcare system, we diag-
nose disease, we treat symptoms, and we have thousands of new seniors on Medicare every day that we must take care of. The passage of this 21st Cen-tury Cures Act is a definitive way to take care of every American family. 
Today we waged war on disease. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. NOLAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, Members 
of the House, I rise in support of the ur-gent need to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank. 
I spent the better part of 20 years of 
my life in export trading, and I know what a great benefit it has been to the small business community and the banking community. 
What happens is a small-town bank 
wants to provide financial support for local business people to export their goods and their products, but they don’t know if a sales contract in Tim-buktu or Abu Dhabi or Lagos or wher-ever is a legitimate contract. So they have to rely on some kind of expertise. 
So that is why the local banks, that 
is why the local business community, supports the Ex-Im Bank, because they do that. And they do it for a fee. 
Ironically enough, the Ex-Im Bank 
has generated almost $7 billion in prof-its over the last couple of decades, helping us with our deficit reduction and helping our small- and medium- sized companies to export their goods and services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.039 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5084 July 10, 2015 
I ask all my colleagues to take a look 
at their district and see how many small businesses benefit from that and join me in support. 
There are only a couple of ways to 
generate wealth, and exporting your goods is one of them. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WAYZATA HIGH 
SCHOOL GOLF TEAM 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate the Wayzata High School boys golf team on winning this year’s Minnesota State championship. 
After finishing in the runner-up posi-
tion for the last two seasons, Wayzata broke through and won the State title by three strokes this year. It was a well-balanced performance by the en-tire team that allowed them to take the championship. 
While many think of golf as an indi-
vidual sport, it took strong perform-ances from each and every golfer to bring home the State title. The game of golf, Mr. Speaker, can be very hum-bling, and it takes focus, mental tough-ness, and skill to compete at a very high level. 
I commend these student athletes on 
their commitment and dedication not only to golf, but to their family obliga-tions and their studies as well. The time commitments required to be a top high school athlete are not easy. And their friends, families, and commu-nities are very proud. 
Congratulations again to the 
Wayzata High School boys golf team. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Ms. NORTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, as you 
can see by this chart, the Federal gas user fee, at only $97 a year, buys driv-ers $515 in costs per driver because of bad roads. 
Just released data also shows that up 
to 73 percent of the bridges in some States are deficient. Can you think of any other necessity, except the $97 gas user fee, that has not increased in 22 years? We are getting what we paid for in the hidden costs of bad roads and bridges. 
The congressional response has been 
so disproportionate to the needs of the States that we are told that another short-term extension—that would be the 34th—12 legislative days from now could yield a veto. 
The States say that these short-term 
extensions are useless. Only the next 2 weeks to get a long-term authorization is pushing it. Given the state of our bridges and roads, we have no alter-native. END OF THE MANHUNT 
(Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, as 
Americans across the country know, my district was the unfortunate home of a recent manhunt that captured the attention of our country. 
For more than 3 weeks, two killers 
remained at large in our north country community after escaping from Clin-ton Correctional Facility. During this time period, hundreds and hundreds of brave law enforcement officers worked diligently to find these escaped con-victs and protect our community. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank 
these brave law enforcement officers who risked their safety to protect the families in our neighborhoods, and I rise to thank our local communities for their patience and support during this difficult time. 
Going forward, we must find answers 
as to how this prison break occurred and do what is needed to stop this from ever happening again. But, for now, our north country community can sleep safer, knowing these two killers are no longer at large. 
f 
CHANGE IS NOT BAD 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
think it is important to again note what a historic day this was, with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, which opens the opportunity for bil-lions of dollars to be invested in the Nation’s clinics and laboratories to make America healthy and make America better. 
This bill is from the Energy and 
Commerce Committee. I am very proud to be one of its cosponsors. And I would like to say back to my constituents in Texas, the Texas Medical Center, and all of the research that is being done: Here is an opportunity to work on those unique and special diseases im-pacting children with lupus and other diseases. That is why change is not bad. 
Additionally, I join with the argu-
ments in my district for changing the names of high schools that are not re-flective of the Nation today, those named after confederate generals. The names of these high schools are not re-flective of a unifying America. 
Frankly, I believe that the school 
board should address this question and teach the children that that is the past history that was not a positive history and that we should reflect positively on unifying America and carrying the American flag. 
Lastly, again, I say on the floor what 
a very special day, the solemnity in the way the rebel flag was finally put to rest, put to rest, and taken to a relic museum, where it belongs. And we can stand here under this shining American flag saying that we, too, are Ameri-
cans. 
f 
b1145 
KEEP PATENT SYSTEM STRONG 
(Mr. MASSIE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, when pat-
ent trolls use U.S. patents to game the system for illegitimate financial gain, it is much like counterfeiting because these are official U.S. documents. What would we do if we found a counter-feiter? Would we go after the counter-feiter, or would we devalue our cur-rency to discourage counterfeiters? 
Well, that sounds ridiculous. That 
would wreck our economy just to go after counterfeiters by devaluing the currency. But that is what the Innova-tion Act, H.R. 9, does to patents. It de-values all patents, and it is going to wreck our economy if we pass it. 
Patents are the currency of inven-
tion. If you want invention to be strong in this country, you need to keep the patent system strong. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
H.R. 9. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the overwhelming passage of the 21st Century Cures Act. 
Across central New York, I heard 
from advocates and individuals suf-fering from diseases like Alzheimer’s, ovarian cancer, multiple sclerosis, and epilepsy, to name a few. That is not just something I heard from my col-leagues. Those diseases have stricken those in my family as well. 
We owe it to the people and their 
families to support medical research so that individuals in our communities can live longer, healthier lives. 
Today’s legislation allows research-
ers and scientists to move forward in their efforts to produce lifesaving treatments, therapies, and cures for our loved ones. It will reduce medical uncertainty in the development of new medicine and remove barriers to in-crease research collaboration. 
I dream of a time in a not too distant 
future when I can tell my children that what we did here on the floor of the House today saved lives and prevented them and their children from enduring some of the diseases that we have had to endure in our lifetime. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, moments ago with my support, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.042 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5085 July 10, 2015 
This bipartisan bill will bring our na-
tional healthcare system up to speed in the 21st century by taking advantage of the latest science and expediting the availability of safe and more effective treatments for all Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, today there are more 
than 10,000 known diseases and condi-tions, but the United States of America only has cures and treatments for roughly 500 of them. 
Diseases such as cancer, Parkinson’s, 
and Alzheimer’s will take the lives of roughly 1.8 million people this year in the United States alone. This 21st Cen-tury Cures Act will help change that, and it is an important step toward helping save the lives of our love ones. 
Having served for nearly 30 years in 
the healthcare field, I applaud my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for passing this legislation. 
f 
TRIP FOR FREEDOM 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I want to strongly urge my col-leagues to visit an exhibition hap-pening right now in the Rayburn foyer. 
The graphic display, which includes a 
remarkable collection of photos, is en-titled the Venezuela of Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow. It is a reminder of the hard work being done every day by Venezuelans and Venezuelan Ameri-cans in their pursuit to restore democ-racy in a country ravaged by economic turmoil and a regime filled with cor-rupt leaders who will persecute anyone who voices disagreement. 
It is more important now than ever 
for the United States to remain firm in our support for the people of Ven-ezuela. We must remain strong in soli-darity with the people who fight for a truly democratic Venezuela free from tyranny and the fear of a regime that promotes violence against its own peo-ple. 
Again, I encourage my colleagues to 
take advantage of this opportunity to join the Educational Foundation for Democracy and IVAC in the promotion of a better future for Venezuelans and everyone in our hemisphere. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, another 
deadline has passed, and Iran continues to act like it has leverage. What is worse, by its action, the administra-tion seems to agree. 
Make no mistake about it, Iran des-
perately needs a deal to relieve its crippling sanctions. Given the parade of U.S. concessions over the past 19 months, we are a long way from the starting point of demanding that Iran’s nuclear program be affirmatively and unequivocally dismantled. Mr. Speaker, there should be no wig-
gle room that allows any path to a nu-clear weapon. Yet Iran’s violations of interim agreement have been met with shrugs and painful-to-see justifications by this administration. 
How can we trust Iran to uphold any 
deal when it has clearly proven untrustworthy? 
Why would we give the greatest state 
sponsor of terror another $150 billion that even the administration acknowl-edges may go to fund terrorism against the United States, Israel, other democ-racies, and our allies around the globe? 
It is time to walk away, reestablish 
our leverage, and force Iran back to the table on our terms. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PHILLIP BURR 
(Mr. STEWART asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to take a moment to recognize one of my own constituents, Phillip Burr, from Burrville, Utah. 
Phillip has dedicated his career to 
providing electricity to rural Utah while working for one of my favorite companies, Garkane Energy. He has also spread that passion globally, mak-ing trips to such places as Bolivia and, most recently, Haiti. 
We all know that electricity is a crit-
ical element to improving quality of life and increasing access to basic ne-cessities like healthcare, education, and clean water. After learning Haiti has less than 15 percent of its popu-lation with regular access to elec-tricity, Phillip traveled there to help build a diesel solar hybrid distribution system that will provide safe, afford-able, and reliable power to more than 1,600 consumers. 
This type of service is what makes 
America great. I am honored to recog-nize him for his example of humani-tarian service and to thank him for all the work he has done in his community and around the world. 
Mr. Burr, I salute you. 
f 
125 YEARS OF STATEHOOD FOR 
WYOMING 
(Mrs. LUMMIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, today, 
the great State of Wyoming, the Equal-ity State, is celebrating her 125th anni-versary of statehood. 
Wyoming is a wondrous place, boast-
ing our Nation’s first national park, first national forest, and first national monument. Wyoming’s scenic treasures are second to none in the world. 
Our vast stores of resources—coal, 
uranium, timber, oil, gas, soda ash, and rare earth elements—all provide crit-ical resources for our Nation. 
Wyoming’s freedom-loving, hard- 
working people have a deep sense of place and seamlessly weave the fabric of stewardship into it, inspiring the en-
tire country and, really, the whole world. 
I am proud to call Wyoming Amer-
ica’s 44th star, my love, my life, and my home. I wish her a blessed 125th year of statehood. 
f 
BIRTHDAY WISHES 
(Mr. KELLY of Mississippi asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, today, July 10, I rise to cele-brate my son’s birthday. I also rise in honor of my father’s birthday, which was yesterday, and he would have been 74. 
A representation of the future, I rec-
ognize John Forest Kelly, known to us as JFK. He was born in 1995 and will be 20 today. 
In honor of the past, yesterday was 
my father, big John Kelly’s birthday. He was born July 9, 1941. He was a great man and an inspiration to me. He served in the Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard from 1959 until he turned 60 in 2001 and retired as a first ser-geant. 
f 
THANKING VIETNAM VETERANS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this 
last Wednesday, we took time out here in the Capitol to honor and remember our Vietnam veterans. This week was the 50th anniversary for the first de-ployment of our troops in Vietnam. 
A lot of times, it is a war that wasn’t 
understood by the American people or appreciated. What is wrong about that is that our troops were not always ap-preciated for what they did for us. They did it without complaint, they did it with sacrifice, and they did it with honor. So for us here in the Cap-itol to finally come around to that ideal and honor them was a very good thing. 
For our Vietnam troops, we do appre-
ciate you. We will do all we can to help you as you work through VA, as you work through Agent Orange. We know many of you are suffering these things, and you are not getting enough help from our Federal Government or that recognition. 
So in recognition of what happened 
here this week on the 50th anniversary of the first deployment, we say to our Vietnam veterans: Welcome home, and God bless you. 
f 
SANCTUARY CITIES MUST END 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, the tragic 
killing of Kathryn Steinle at the hands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.044 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5086 July 10, 2015 
of a five-time deported illegal alien and 
a seven-time convicted felon should never have happened. But that is ex-actly what happens when a city ignores immigration laws. 
The consequences of government- 
sanctioned lawlessness are real, and this is another in a long line of tragic wake-up calls that cry out for deport-ing criminal aliens. 
Ms. Steinle’s killer, a wanted crimi-
nal illegal alien, had been in custody but then was put back on the streets by San Francisco officials. 
The Obama administration shares 
blame because they have done nothing to combat sanctuary city policies. In-stead, they have encouraged them. 
We swore an oath to protect the 
American people from enemies, foreign and domestic. This Congress should take action to combat sanctuary city policies and make sure that criminal aliens are deported. 
I rise in strong support of legislation 
that I have cosponsored that would do just that, because it is time to put the safety of American citizens first. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, 
JULY 10, 2015, TO MONDAY, JULY 13, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 13, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour de-bate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
LLEN ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ADDITIONAL 
CONFEREES ON H.R. 1735, NA-TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing additional conferees on H.R. 1735. 
From the Permanent Select Com-
mittee on Intelligence, for consider-ation of matters within the jurisdic-tion of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Messrs. N
UNES , KINGof New 
York, and S CHIFF . 
From the Committee on Education 
and the Workforce, for consideration of sections 571 and 573 of the House bill and sections 561–63 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. R
OKITA , 
BISHOP of Michigan, and S COTT of Vir-
ginia. 
From the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, for consideration of sec-tions 314, 632, 634, 3111–13, 3119, 3133, and 3141 of the House bill and sections 601, 632, 3118, and 3119 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. U
PTON , B ARTON , 
and P ALLONE . 
From the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, for consideration of sections 1011, 1059, 1090, 1092, 1201, 1203–05, 1215, 1221, 1223, 1226, 1234–36, 1247–49, 1253, 1257, 
1263, 1264, 1267, 1270, 1301, 1532, 1541, 1542, 1663, 1668–70, 2802, 3118, and 3119 of the House bill and sections 1011, 1012, 1082, 1201–05, 1207, 1209, 1223, 1225, 1228, 1251, 1252, 1261, 1264, 1265, 1272, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, 1631, 1654, and 1655 of the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. R
OYCE , MARINO , and E NGEL . 
From the Committee on Homeland 
Security, for consideration of sections 589 and 1041 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi. 
From the Committee on the Judici-
ary, for consideration of sections 1040, 1052, 1085, 1216, 1641, and 2862 of the House bill and sections 1032, 1034, 1090, and 1227 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. G
OODLATTE , ISSA, and 
CONYERS . 
From the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, for consideration of sections 312, 632, 634, 2841, 2842, 2851–53, and 2862 of the House bill and sections 313, 601, and 632 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. C
OOK, HARDY , and G RI-
JALVA . 
From the Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform, for consider-ation of sections 602, 631, 634, 838, 854, 855, 866, 871, 1069, and 1101–05 of the House bill and sections 592, 593, 631, 806, 830, 861, 1090, 1101, 1102, 1104, 1105, 1107– 09, 1111, 1112, 1114, and 1115 of the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. H
URD 
of Texas, R USSELL , and C UMMINGS . 
From the Committee on Rules, for 
consideration of section 1032 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. Ses-sions, B
YRNE , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
From the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology, for consider-ation of section 3136 of the House bill and section 1613 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. L
UCAS , KNIGHT , and 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
From the Committee on Small Busi-
ness, for consideration of sections 831– 34, 839, 840, 842–46, 854, and 871 of the House bill and sections 828, 831, 882, 883, and 885 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. C
HABOT , HANNA , and 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
From the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure, for consider-ation of sections 302, 562, 569, 570a, 591, 1060a, 1073, 2811, and 3501 of the House bill and sections 601, 642, 1613, 3504, and 3505 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. G
RAVES of Louisiana, 
CURBELO of Florida, and Ms. E DWARDS . 
From the Committee on Veterans’ 
Affairs, for consideration of sections 565, 566, 592, 652, 701, 721, 722, 1105, and 1431 of the House bill and sections 539, 605, 633, 719, 1083, 1084, 1089, 1091, and 1411 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-
ference: Messrs. R
OEof Tennessee, 
BILIRAKIS , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Senate will be notified of the addi-tional conferees. 
f 
b1200 
HONORING JOHN DAVID CROW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor one of my constituents, John David Crow, of College Station, Texas, who passed away on June 17. 
To say that John David Crow is a 
Texas football legend is an understate-ment. He was a Heisman Trophy win-ner, a four-time NFL Pro Bowl selec-tion, a college football coach, and an administrator for the Texas A&M Uni-versity Athletic Department. 
John David was born on July 8, 1935, 
in Marion, Louisiana. When he was born, the umbilical cord was wrapped around his neck, causing nerve damage and permanently paralyzing the left half of his face. John David, however, never let that hardship hold him back. 
As a junior at Springhill High 
School, he led the football team to win the Class 1A State championship in 1952. As a senior, he led the basketball team to win the Class 1A State cham-pionship in 1954. 
After graduating from high school, 
John David married his high school sweetheart, Carolyn Gilliam, on July 2, 1954. Earlier that year, John David had committed to play football at Texas A&M University for legendary coach Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant; so, in the fall of 1954, John David and Carolyn moved to College Station. 
During his time at Texas A&M, John 
David would play running back, defen-sive positions, and special teams as a kick returner. He truly was the com-plete collegiate football package. 
In 1956, he led the Aggies to their 
first ever road victory against archrival, the University of Texas, at Memorial Stadium in Austin. He also led the Aggies to a number one ranking during the 1957 season. 
Some of the accolades that John 
David received as an Aggie included being named twice to the Southwest Conference all-conference team in 1956 and 1957. He also received all of the fol-lowing recognitions in 1957: a con-sensus All-American, the Walter Camp Memorial Trophy, the Southwesterner of the Year and Amateur Athlete of the Year, the Chick Harley Award, the United Press Player of the Year, the United Press Back of the Year, and the Heisman Trophy. 
John David was Texas A&M Univer-
sity’s first Heisman Trophy winner and the only Heisman Trophy winner to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.046 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5087 July 10, 2015 
ever be coached by the legendary Bear 
Bryant. When Bear Bryant retired from coaching, he was quoted as saying: ‘‘John David Crow was the finest play-er I ever coached. Watching film on him was like watching a grown man play with boys.’’ 
John David would graduate from 
Texas A&M with a degree in business administration and was named to the Scholastic All-American team. He was also recognized as a Who’s Who in American Colleges and Universities. 
John David would go on to play in 
the NFL after being drafted in the first round to play for the then Chicago Car-dinals, in Chicago and St. Louis, and playing for the San Francisco 49ers. He was named to the Pro Bowl four times and named to the NFL’s 1960 All-Dec-ade Team. 
After retiring from the NFL, John 
David began his football coaching ca-reer, starting as an assistant for his former coach Bear Bryant at Alabama. He continued his career as an assistant coach in the NFL for the Cleveland Browns and the San Diego Chargers. In 1976, he was named athletic director and head football coach of Northeast Louisiana University. 
In 1981, John David would leave 
Northeast Louisiana University to work for a private business for a couple of years. In 1983, he returned to his alma mater, Texas A&M University, first as associate athletic director, later as athletic director, and finally, as director of athletic development. 
During this time, he was at the fore-
front of collegiate athletic gender eq-uity as he helped expand women’s ath-letics at Texas A&M to the powerhouse that it is today. In 2001, John David would retire from A&M, but he still maintained a presence on campus and in the Bryan/College Station commu-nity. 
John David Crow was a great athlete, 
coach, and athletic administrator. He was inducted into the Texas A&M Uni-versity Hall of Fame in 1968 and the Louisiana Hall of Fame in 1976. He was named to the National Football Foun-dation Hall of Fame in 1976 and the Texas Sports Hall of Fame in 1982. He was named a Distinguished Alumnus by Texas A&M University in 2004 and was honored during the Aggies’ first year in the Southeastern Conference as an SEC Legend at the 2012 SEC Cham-pionship Game. 
While John David was dedicated to 
his career, he was also very much dedi-cated to his wife, Carolyn, and to their family. He and Carolyn had three chil-dren: John, Jr., Annalisa, and Jeannie. They were also blessed with seven grandchildren. 
John David was forever thankful for 
everything Carolyn did for their fam-ily. He was once quoted as saying: ‘‘Whatever credit I get for doing any-thing, she deserves a lot more than I do. She has been the stabilizer for our family and very, very good to me.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, John David Crow was a 
humble, kind, generous, and an all- around great man. The greatness that 
he evoked reached far beyond the foot-ball field. He truly embodied the core values of Texas A&M University—re-spect, integrity, leadership, excellence, loyalty, and selfless service. 
He will be greatly missed and will 
long be remembered as a great athlete, coach, and athletic administrator. More importantly, he will be remem-bered as a loving husband, a father, a grandfather, and as a friend. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to Carolyn and to the Crow family. We also lift up the family and friends of John David Crow in our thoughts and in our pray-ers. 
Also, as I close this conversation 
about John David Crow, I ask that all Americans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
HONORING JACK GILLEY  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Jack Calvin Gilley of Stratford, Texas, who passed away on May 9, 2015. 
As a teacher and principal for 34 
years, Mr. Gilley touched the lives of hundreds of students and schools throughout Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle. I was fortunate enough to have Mr. Gilley as a principal during my time at Stratford Middle School. 
Jack Gilley was born in Dawson 
County, Texas, in 1924. He proudly served in the United States Navy dur-ing World War II as a torpedoman on the USS Stockdale. He attended Pan-handle A&M College on basketball and baseball scholarships. Additionally, he received his master’s in education from West Texas State University in 1963. 
In 1951, Jack married Donna Mal 
Oldaker. They were married for nearly 59 years, until her passing in 2010. Donna and Jack had four daughters and were blessed with one grand-daughter. 
After retiring from teaching, Jack 
began his secondary profession of painting houses, refinishing furniture, and carpentry. He was a member of the First United Methodist Church of Stratford, as well as a member of the American Legion Post 262. He loved hunting pheasant and quail; eating breakfast and drinking coffee with his friends at the local cafe; and all things rodeo and all things sports, especially Duke basketball. 
Mr. Speaker, Jack Gilley impacted 
many lives, including mine, as an edu-cator and as a mentor. He will be greatly missed and long remembered as a loving husband, a father, a grand-father, and a friend. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to the Gilley family, and we lift up the family and friends of Jack Gilley in our prayers. 
Mr. Speaker, as I close, I ask that all 
Americans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders 
who protect us here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 12 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 13, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2130. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Accessible Emergency Information, and Apparatus Requirements for Emergency Information and Video Description: Imple-mentation of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010 [MB Docket No.: 12-107] received July 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2131. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of a proposed lease of defense arti-cles to the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan (Transmittal No.: 06-15), pursuant to Sec. 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2132. A letter from the Chairman, National 
Transportation Safety Board, transmitting a list of the Board’s 2015 commercial and in-herently governmental commercial activi-ties inventory, pursuant to the Federal Ac-tivities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-270; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
2133. A letter from the ICE Regulatory Co-
ordinator, ICE Office of Policy, Regulatory Division, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Change to Existing Regulation Concerning the Interest Rate Paid on Cash Deposited to Secure Immigration Bonds [DHS Docket No.: ICEB-2013-0002] (RIN: 1653-AA66) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2134. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, 
Department of Defense, transmitting a cer-tification that other countries have contrib-uted an amount not less than 40 percent of the $1.618 billion appropriated for the Iraq Train and Equip Fund, pursuant to Pub. L. 113-291, Sec. 1236; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Armed Services. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. COLE: Committee on Appropriations. 
H.R. 3020. A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–195). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JY7.048 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5088 July 10, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 1155. A bill to provide for the es-tablishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–196, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia): 
H.R. 3018. A bill to provide for a safe harbor 
period for the transition from the ICD-9 to the ICD-10 standard for health care claims; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, and Mr. H IMES): 
H.R. 3019. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish, at the request of an eligible veteran, nursing home care and hos-pital care at State licensed or certified resi-dential care facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. 
M
ULLIN , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. 
MEEKS ): 
H.R. 3021. A bill to amend the Natural Gas 
Act to allow the use of aerial survey data for certain applications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
S
CALISE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. G RAVES  
of Louisiana): 
H.R. 3022. A bill to require that Grambling 
State University be eligible to receive funds under the Act of August 30, 1890; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 3023. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competi-tive service and the Senior Executive Serv-ice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself and 
Mr. L
EWIS): 
H.R. 3024. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to permit review of cer-tain Medicare payment determinations for disproportionate share hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3025. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for launching drones that interfere with fighting wildfires affecting Federal property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3026. A bill to amend part A of title IV 
of the Social Security Act to clarify the au-thority of tribal governments in regard to the Temporary Assistance for Needy Fami-lies program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. S ALMON , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
GALLEGO , and Ms. M CSALLY ): 
H.R. 3027. A bill to authorize the convey-
ance of four small parcels of land within the boundaries of the Imperial National Wildlife 
Refuge for the purposes of addressing a long- term boundary discrepancy; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mrs. 
L
AWRENCE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
BASS, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California): 
H.R. 3028. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide that the Attorney General may give preferential consideration for grants under part Q of title I of that Act to applications from jurisdictions which have in place laws or ordinances to make available to the pub-lic grand jury transcripts and other records considered by grand juries, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. B EYER , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
and Mr. C UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 3029. A bill to require the Office of 
Personnel Management to provide com-plimentary, comprehensive identity protec-tion coverage to all individuals whose per-sonally identifiable information was com-promised during recent data breaches at Fed-eral agencies; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. PETERSON: 
H.R. 3030. A bill to direct the Commandant 
of the Coast Guard to convey certain prop-erty from the United States to the City of Baudette, Minnesota; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3031. A bill to prohibit funding to the 
Voice of America; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. 
H
URTof Virginia): 
H.R. 3032. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal a certain re-porting requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself 
and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York): 
H. Con. Res. 60. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that female athletes be paid the same as their male coun-terparts and organizers of world class com-petitions actively take part in combating the wage gap; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H. Res. 357. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need to eliminate partisan redis-tricting and gerrymandering; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. H URD of 
Texas): 
H. Res. 358. A resolution welcoming the 
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Her-itage Committee’s inscription of the San An-tonio Missions to the World Heritage list, recognizing the San Antonio Missions as having universal historical and cultural sig-nificance, and congratulating the people of San Antonio for their years of hard work to make this designation a reality; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. Y OHO, 
and Mr. G OHMERT ): 
H. Res. 359. A resolution providing that the 
House of Representatives disagrees with the majority opinion in Obergefell et al. v. Hodges, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENISHEK , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
BOUSTANY , and Mr. C OLE): 
H. Res. 360. A resolution recognizing the 
50th anniversary of the National Collegiate Honors Council; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 3018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 3019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 3020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific con-
stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 3021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 3022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 3023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 3024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—Business/ 
Labor Regulation—The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.004 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5089 July 10, 2015 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 3027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-
erty Clause). Under this clause, Congress has the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-tory or other property belonging to the United States. By virtue of this enumerated power, Congress has governing authority over the lands, terroritories, or other prop-erty of the United States- and with this au-thority Congress is vested with the power to all owners in fee, the ability to sell, lease, dispose, exchange, convey, or simply pre-serve land. The Supreme Court has described this enumerated grant as one ‘‘without limi-tation’’ Kleppe v New Mexico, 426 U.S. 529, 542–543 (1976) (‘‘And while the furthest reaches of the power granted by the Property Clause have not been definitely resolved, we have repeatedly observed that the power over the public land thus entrusted to Con-gress is without limitation.’’) 
Historically, the the federal government 
transferred ownership of federal property to either private ownership or the states in order to pay off large Revolutionary War debts and to assist with the development of infrastructure. The transfers to private and state ownership by this legislation are constituional and necessary to resolve a long-term boundary discrepancy and to en-sure private property owners are able to uti-lize and control their private property 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 3028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
US Const. Art. II, Sec. 3, Cl. 3 (‘‘[The Presi-
dent] shall take Care that the Laws be faith-fully executed[.]’’); and US Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 18 (‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution . . . all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’). This bill would instruct the Attorney General to give preferential treatment to police forces that meet certain criteria when distributing grant money, therefore this bill is a valid ex-ercise of Congressional authority per the Necessary and Proper Clause provided the Attorney General’s duties, as an agent of the President, to enforce federal law and punish criminal wrongdoing. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PETERSON: 
H.R. 3030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, Clause 2: The Con-
gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Ms. SINEMA: 
H.R. 3032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 223: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 244: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 292: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 358: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 402: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 448: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 540: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 546: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 578: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 592: Mr. C OLE and Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 612: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 702: Mr. C OOPER , Mr. W EBSTER of Flor-
ida, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia, Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 721: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. 
COHEN . 
H.R. 766: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 775: Ms. M OORE , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-
gan, Ms. M CSALLY , and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 816: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 828: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 829: Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 845: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 879: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 921: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 928: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 973: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. 
McCollum, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . 
H.R. 997: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 999: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. W ELCH , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. R EEDand Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. B LUM and Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 1354: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1439: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1486: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 1492: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1568: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S PEIER , and 
Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. F OSTER , 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K LINE, Mr. B OUSTANY , and 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G RAVES  
of Louisiana, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. 
SIMPSON . 
H.R. 1670: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1714: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1745: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. K IND, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1784: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1818: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1875: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2030: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. H.R. 2061: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2068: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 2121: Mr. U PTON , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
GRIFFITH , and Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 2141: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 2192: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. W ALZ, and 
Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2213: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Mr. J ONES , and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2244: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 2302: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 2303: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2362: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2384: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2410: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2464: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2535: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2551: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2607: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 2678: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. V ELAZ -
QUEZ . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. G OWDY . 
H.R. 2725: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2734: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. 
COOPER . 
H.R. 2765: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2793: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. 
WAGNER , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 2861: Ms. T SONGAS and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2867: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. B LUM, Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 2902: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2905: Mr. O LSON , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and 
Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 2908: Mr. K LINE and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2911: Mr. C ROWLEY and Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas. 
H.R. 2916: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2918: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H.R. 2922: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2942: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2972: Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2976: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2977: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2978: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 2984: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 3002: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama. 
H.R. 3011: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. A BRA-
HAM. 
H.J. Res. 13: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Con. Res. 30: Ms. K USTER . 
H. Res. 32: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
KILDEE , and Mr. H OLDING . 
H. Res. 230: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H. Res. 251: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H. Res. 325: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY7.022 H10JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1031 July 10, 2015 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2015 HIGH 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CERE-MONY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize 25 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic ac-complishments and for their admirable deci-sion to enlist in the United States Air Force. I also express my appreciation to Our Commu-nity Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was contacted by one of the founding parents who upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 stu-dents; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
With graduation season upon us, thousands 
of young people in my community, and mil-lions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distin-
guished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting pos-sess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in con-gratulating and commending the following graduates on their enlistment in the United States Air Force: 
John Ainslie, Philip Baitinger, Merrilee Card-
er, Valeria Catacora, Brian Daley, Nikhil Deo, Gary Dixon, John Forsythe, Maximino Gabino, Patrick Hailey, Jazlyn Keating, Jun Pyo Kim, Edward Kowalski, Kellen Lovan, Lane Renner, Tran Robinson, Alexa Rolph, Kelsea Ross, Demay Thong, Robinson Tran, Henry Tran, Justin Von Feldt, Shawn Von Feldt, James Wayne, and Logan Wood. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and re-sources of the U.S. Congress and the Amer-ican people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense our nation’s free-dom. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHARLES W. BOUSTANY, JR. 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, I rise today to 
express opposition to H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
As a doctor, I strongly support medical inno-
vation and research. Over the course of my 30 years practicing medicine, I saw tremendous leaps and bounds in treatment that saved lives. I appreciate the hard work put into cre-atively attempting to modernize the health- care innovation infrastructure, specifically ef-forts to incorporate a patient perspective into the drug and device approval process, support advances in personalized medicine, and streamline clinical trials. However, I cannot support the sale of 64 million barrels of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve being used to pay for these changes. 
Over the past year, the price of oil has 
dropped from above $100 per barrel to below $50. Although the price of oil is currently at $54 a barrel on the global markets, this is far from stable. I do not understand why Con-gress would agree to sell 64 million barrels from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve when the price is low, flooding the global oil market-place, and likely causing the price to drop even further. This has the potential to cause havoc for our own domestic oil and gas indus-try. 
The decline in oil prices is hurting the states 
that had benefited from the domestic oil-pro-duction boom in recent years. My home state of Louisiana ranked second in the U.S. in oil production and second in natural gas produc-tion in 2013, with more than 64,000 Louisianans employed in extraction, pipeline and refining industries. This industry matters to everyone in Louisiana. 
According to the American Petroleum Insti-
tute the U.S. oil and natural gas industry sup-ports more than 9 million jobs nationwide, sup-ports over 7% of GDP, and contributes more than $86 million to the Federal Treasury every day. Since oil prices began to drop, it has been widely reported that the oil and gas in-dustry have been struggling to keep their em-ployees on payroll. In April, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics announced that Louisiana suf-
fered a 3,300 job loss in the mining and log-ging sector. In June we saw two consecutive week losses in mining employment—that’s the category that includes many oil and gas explo-ration and extraction jobs—have slipped below 100 in Louisiana. 
I will not accept the false choice between 
supporting medical innovation and Louisiana oil and gas jobs. I believe it’s irresponsible to flood the global market for petroleum with more product while Louisiana families are ex-periencing layoffs because of low global prices. 
Many of my colleagues have stated that 
given the remarkable expansion of North American oil production, a reduction in the size of the reserve could be seen as respon-sible cost-effective public policy. I would dis-agree. Research shows that price spikes in transportation fuels is highly regressive, with most of the cost disproportionately hitting mid-dle class and low-income groups. This vulner-ability remains even though our work shows that the U.S. and much of the Western hemi-sphere will largely separate from physical trade flows with Middle East producers in the next few years. 
According to the U.S. Energy Information 
Agency (EIA), the U.S. economy will continue to rely upon petroleum for many years, and work by EPRINC and many other research groups demonstrates that we will remain vul-nerable to severe economic damage from dis-ruptions in petroleum supplies in the world oil market. The SPR remains an important stra-tegic asset for protecting the U.S. economy and security interests from this vulnerability. 
Selling barrels from the Strategic Petroleum 
Reserve should be done in a thoughtful and strategic manner when global prices are high, not as another coffer for Congress to raid at its convenience and at the expense of Louisi-ana’s oil & gas industry. 
f 
HONORING JAMES FORNI 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of James Forni of Petaluma, who passed away on June 28, 2015 at the age of 36. A beloved husband, basketball coach, and friend to all, Mr. Forni has left us at too young an age. If there’s any comfort to be found in the pain his family, students, and colleagues are feeling, perhaps it’s the knowledge that James’ legacy of kindness and compassion will remain with us indefinitely. 
Some people are respected. Some people 
are loved. James Forni was both. A Petaluma native and local icon, Mr. Forni every day lived the values he instilled in his students, his friends, and his family: resilience, integrity, and strength. He was the soul at the very cen-ter of Casa Grande High School. Not only did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.001 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1032 July 10, 2015 
he coach football and basketball as well as 
teach physical education for over a decade, he played multiple sports as a member of the 1998 graduating class before continuing on to play football at College of Marin, University of Oregon, and University of Redlands. 
Many people would retreat when faced with 
a fight. Eight years ago Mr. Forni was diag-nosed with melanoma, but he didn’t back down. Even when his energy lagged and his muscles ached, he was there for his team. He attended basketball games and practices throughout his treatment. He battled the dis-ease for nearly a decade and coached through the end, guiding his team until this season’s conclusion. 
James Forni lived for others. He left a per-
manent mark on his school and community for which, years from now, we will continue to be grateful. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to him today and express our heartfelt condolences to his wife Mary, his parents Jim and Jan, and his siblings Jill and Chris. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2015 HIGH 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CERE-MONY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize 55 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic ac-complishments and for their admirable deci-sion to enlist in the United States Marine Corps. I also express my appreciation to Our Community Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was contacted by one of the founding parents who upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 stu-dents; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
With graduation season upon us, thousands 
of young people in my community, and mil-lions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distin-
guished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our 
Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting pos-sess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in con-gratulating and commending the following graduates on their enlistment in the United States Marine Corps: 
Jeremy Ainey, Oscar Ayalafranco, Wesley 
Bacon, Taylor Basnight, Kaelin Bernard, Mat-thew Byvik, Jose Carrillomeja, Briana Chaisone, Grant Collins, Sebastian Crossley, Dominic Dagostino, Tyler Dewalt, Andrew Forbang, Austin Gilley, Jacob Gomez, Joseph Grant, Kaleb Hanson, William Harris, Logan Harvey, Chase Haynes, Sean Heim, Wyatt Helean, Michael Hill, John Hoang, Patrick Johnson, Tyree Johnson, Matthew Jones, Scot Khanna, Joseph Larock, Daniel Lee, Jose Martinez, Mason Matvich, Nash Means, Christopher Meraz, Jacob Miller, Mohamed Mohamed, Aninyou Morkos, Maddison Mozingo, Jose Munoz, Christopher Myers, Mi-chael Odelldye, Joshua Peters, Kimberly Ramos, David Reeves, Alexander Rojas, Canas Rubia, Spicer Sabruno, Nicky Sanchez, William Schouviller, Taylor Terrell, Christian Trujillo, Jacob Vignaroli, Daniel Walton, Mi-chael Wynd, Paul Zandbergen. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and re-sources of the U.S. Congress and the Amer-ican people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense of our nation’s free-dom. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. FRED UPTON 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, the following is my 
statement in its entirety: 
We launched this effort a year-and-a-half 
ago. And with tomorrow’s House vote, we mark an important milestone in our quest for 21st Century Cures—one step closer to the finish line. 
There are so many individuals throughout 
our 18 month journey that helped get us to where we are today. Patients across the coun-try. Advocates. Researchers. Innovators. Ex-perts. Academics. Regulators. Some of the nation’s brightest minds. To all we say thank you. 
Thank you to the staff—on both sides of the 
aisle—who took the meetings, did the re-search, drafted the language, and sat at the negotiating table for countless hours to help us develop this incredible product. Gary An-dres, Joan Hillebrands, Alexa Marrero, Clay Alspach, Paul Edattel, Josh Trent, Robert Horne, John Stone, Carly McWilliams, Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, Graham Pittman, Michelle Rosenberg, Traci Vitek, Sean Bonyun, Noelle Clemente, Macey Sevcik, Mark Ratner, Tom Wilbur, Bits Thomas, Marty Dannenfelser, Tim Pataki, Karen Christian, 
Peter Kielty, Jeff Carroll, Tiffany Guarascio, Lisa Cohen, Rachel Stauffer, Elizabeth Farrar, Matt Inzeo, Cole Leiter and all the Democratic staff, the staff of our members . . . thank you all. Thank you to House legislative counsel and the Congressional Budget Office for your efforts and dedication. Thank you to the mem-bers of both parties who brought their best ideas, partnered with one another to make their case, and delivered so many of the poli-cies we welcome today. 
I’d also like to thank H
ALROGERS and his 
staff. The Appropriations Committee has been a critical partner in this effort, working with us and developing the right approach to achieve our shared goal of helping patients in a fiscally responsible way. 
I especially want to highlight my partner in 
this effort from day one, Ms. D
EGETTE. She 
has been to Michigan, and I have travelled to Colorado—we have been on a number of road trips for Cures and I look forward to the next journey. I also want to thank Mr. P
ITTS, Mr. 
PALLONE , and Mr. G REEN for their partnership. 
We have made great strides but our work con-tinues—and we won’t stop until the ink is dry on the 21st Century Cures Act in the Oval Of-fice. 
I also want to give a hearty thank you to 
Max—a 6-year old ambassador for Cures. Al-though he is faced with the challenge of Noonan syndrome, he has been a little warrior in this effort. He joined us when we had our 51 to zero vote in the committee. And I am delighted Max will be by my side tomorrow on the floor for final passage. 
Helping Max is why we’re here. Helping my 
friends Brooke and Brielle is why we are here. 
With a resounding vote, we will send a sig-
nal to the Senate—loud and clear—that the time is now for Cures 2015. I look forward to working with my Senate counterparts to con-tinue the momentum and get 21st Century Cures to the president’s desk. 
We have a chance to do something big, and 
this is our time. 
Vote yes. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2015 HIGH 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CERE-MONY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize 48 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic ac-complishments and for their admirable deci-sion to enlist in the United States Army. I also express my appreciation to Our Community Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JY8.001 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1033 July 10, 2015 
contacted by one of the founding parents who 
upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 stu-dents; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
With graduation season upon us, thousands 
of young people in my community, and mil-lions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distin-
guished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting pos-sess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in con-gratulating and commending the following graduates on their enlistment in the United States Army: 
Ronell Akwe, Gustabo Arguero, Eleanore 
Awwe, Angela Barfield, Ian Bliss, Tony Britvec, Ciara Carter, Dylan Cate, Robert Compton, Dylan Cook, Karon Cook, Gisel Diaz, Mason Dineen, Andrew Drescher, Ian Dumas, Yeni Dzib, Michael Fowlkes, Cristian Garcia, Adrianna Garner, Tabaria Harris, Kiee Harvey, Hunter Henson, Chase Henson, Nich-olas Hwang, Lane Ingram, Olivia Jackson, Dylan Jeffries, Arielle Kirk, Andriy Kuranov, Daisey Kyaw, Eric Leach, Katelyn Lloyd, Josh-ua Marcano, Juan Martinez, Ofori Nana, Car-los Ortega, Thanh Tu Phung, Jordan Rivera, Julian Rivers, Tia Roush, Brian Steele, Louis Surface, Brian Vaughn, Dillon Welton, Steven Wesley, Donovan Wolford, Timothy Yemelyanov, Aisha Yunus. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and re-sources of the U.S. Congress and the Amer-ican people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense our nation’s free-dom. 
f 
HONORING PRESIDENT HARVEY 
SCHMITT OF THE RALEIGH CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize the distinguished ca-reer of Harvey Schmitt, who recently retired as President and CEO of the Raleigh Chamber of Commerce. In the twenty-one years Harvey has headed the Chamber, he has played an integral role in transforming Raleigh into a thriving city known internationally as one of the best places in America to live, work, and run a business. Harvey has been a tireless promoter of the 
city’s assets, often assuming the role of re-cruiter-in-chief. The enterprises he has helped bring to the Triangle include Red Hat, PNC, and the Carolina Hurricanes. He spearheaded the transformation of downtown Raleigh, cre-ating the Downtown Raleigh Alliance, helping to revitalize Fayetteville Street, and leading the charge to build the downtown Raleigh con-vention center. He also promoted three billion dollars in school construction bonds to ensure that Triangle students learn in first-class facili-ties. 
As Ranking Member of the Transportation, 
Housing and Urban Development Appropria-tions Subcommittee, I particularly appreciate Harvey’s contribution to modernizing transpor-tation in the Research Triangle. He and the Chamber created the Regional Transportation Alliance to advocate for improved highways and transit and a diversified system for the fu-ture. 
Throughout his time at the Chamber, Har-
vey has been an invaluable asset to and a dedicated advocate for the Triangle. His tire-less efforts and winning ways have left a last-ing imprint on his adopted city. He has earned our enduring respect and gratitude, and we wish him the best in retirement. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, today 
I rise in strong opposition to senseless Repub-lican attempts to allow Confederate flags to be displayed and sold in national parks and cemeteries. The Confederate flag throughout history has been a symbol of extreme hatred, deliberate malice, and continued segregation. Any attempt by Congress to uphold and profit from such an image is completely reprehen-sible. 
Recently, states across the country have 
done the right thing and removed the Confed-erate flag from their State Capitol grounds, in-cluding my home state of Alabama. In fact, on July 9th South Carolina lawmakers voted to ensure that this contentious symbol is re-moved from its state capitol grounds. It is un-conscionable to think that while South Caro-lina’s legislature was working until the early hours of the morning fighting for the removal of the Confederate flag, my Republican col-leagues were attempting to undo efforts by the House to prohibit the Confederate flag from being sold and displayed at our national parks and federal cemeteries. 
The Confederate flag is a part of America’s 
past and that is where it should stay. Remov-ing the Confederate flag does not detract from America’s rich history in any way, but instead is recognition of the fact that this flag rep-
resents hatred not heritage, treason not pride. In order for us to come together as a nation, it is necessary to remove the vestiges of the past that connect racism and segregation. 
The preamble to the Constitution reads ‘‘We 
the people’’, making it evident that America is supposed to be one cohesive nation. As Mem-bers of Congress we have the responsibility to ensure that our actions reflect the will of the people. The Confederate flag does nothing but continue to divide this great country. Let’s stand behind our nation’s purpose, that all men are created equal, by prohibiting the sell-ing and displaying of the Confederate flag at national parks and federal cemeteries. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with me and 
reject this amendment. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2015 HIGH 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CERE-MONY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize 5 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic ac-complishments and for their admirable deci-sion to enlist in the United States Navy. I also express my appreciation to Our Community Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to 
each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was contacted by one of the founding parents who upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 stu-dents; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
With graduation season upon us, thousands 
of young people in my community, and mil-lions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distin-
guished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting pos-sess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in con-gratulating and commending the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.004 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1034 July 10, 2015 
graduates on their enlistment in the United 
States Navy: 
Gabriel Berrios, Owen Buzan, Kim Alexan-
dria, Holly Speacht, and Sara Vasquez. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and re-sources of the U.S. Congress and the Amer-ican people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense our nation’s free-dom. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE POMPEO 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
424 I was unable to cast my vote in person due to a previously scheduled engagement. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, Sec-
retary of State John Kerry and partners from the P5+1 will meet in Vienna today to continue negotiations with Iran on that nation’s nuclear activity. Statements from Iranian leaders such as Ayatollah Khamenei that disparage the United States and Israel remind us of the vital role that Congress has in this process. We must remain vigilant. We must ensure that any agreement holds Iran to the highest standards of transparency and accountability. 
The opportunity for the United States to im-
prove our relationship with Iran potentially could lead to greater stability in a region torn apart by war and religious strife. Nevertheless, we must not be naı ¨ve. The prospect of peace 
and stability can be reached only if we are se-cure that Iran will not threaten its neighbors and the world with nuclear aggression. 
Secretary Kerry and his team of negotiators 
know the gravity of their work. I am confident that they want to see a good deal and will ac-cept nothing less than an agreement that can withstand intense scrutiny. They cannot and should not be rushed into a deal. Nor should they cut corners as the deadline in presenting the details to Congress for a 30-day review approaches. 
A good deal means that the international 
community must be permitted to inspect Ira-nian military and research installations to en-sure that no illicit enrichment takes place. In-spectors must have full and unfettered access to be able to determine whether nuclear infra-structure has been dismantled so that its breakout capacity will be measured in years, not weeks. In addition, Iran must adhere to all U.N. Security Council Resolutions that require detailed explanations of previous nuclear ef-forts. 
Until the U.S. Congress is assured that 
these measures have been implemented, sanctions must not be eased. The security of the U.S., Israel, and of our allies demands that we continue to apply pressure on the Aya-
tollah and his regime to ensure that they keep their word now and into the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAULA BELL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Paula Bell of Des Moines, Iowa, for receiving the 2014 Wells Fargo Volunteer of the Year Award for the Central Iowa Region. 
Wells Fargo has been able to create an en-
vironment that fully embraces workplace giv-ing. Last year, they set a company record by pledging $97.7 million to 30,000 nonprofits and schools. Wells Fargo has donated 6.4 mil-lion hours of service since 2011 and steps up in times of need, helping both domestically and abroad. 
Paula Bell was granted this prestigious 
award, as well as $1000 to donate to a non-profit organization of her choosing, for volun-teering 200 of the 111,415 total hours that Wells Fargo team members in the Central Iowa Region logged in 2014. Paula’s hard work and dedication to serving others truly embodies our Iowa values. 
I applaud her for her commitment to giving 
back to the community and service to others. I know my colleagues in the House will join me in congratulating her for receiving this award. I wish her and her family all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERV-
ICE OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL ERIC A. GIVENS, UNITED STATES ARMY RESERVE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure that I rise to recognize the dedicated service of Lieutenant Colonel Eric A. Givens while serving with the Legislative Affairs Division at the Office of the Chief of Army Reserve from May 19, 2014, until March 8, 2015. During that short time, Eric made a lasting and positive impact on the Army Re-serve through his efforts to foster and maintain relationships with Congressional members and staff. 
As lead legislative liaison for military readi-
ness and operations programs, Eric ensured that Army Reserve Soldiers’ interests were clearly communicated to Members of Con-gress and their staffs as they considered the impacts of pending legislation. Additionally, Eric led efforts to draft, refine, and promote Administration-approved legislative proposals designed to ensure the well-being of Army Re-serve Soldiers and to maintain the high-quality force the Nation has come to expect from its Army Reserve. 
Ever the professional Soldier, LTC Givens 
arrived at the Legislative Affairs Division with nearly three decades of Army Reserve service that began with his enlistment in 1985. He re-ceived his commission as an officer in 1990 
and joined the Active Guard and Reserve pro-gram in 1995. His years of experience in the field and as a staff officer at the Pentagon made him an invaluable resource to the Legis-lative Affairs Division, as his well-developed relationships bore fruit on a daily basis. 
LTC Givens’ presence in the office and on 
Capitol Hill brought joy to all who worked with him, and he will no doubt take that same spirit with him wherever his Army Reserve career leads. The Army Reserve’s Legislative Affairs Division will remember him as a tireless pro-ponent of Army Reserve equities, and as a Soldier who represents the best of what Amer-ica has to offer. 
The 11th Congressional District of Virginia 
has one of the highest veteran and military populations in the United States. As Rep-resentative of this district, it is critical that I re-ceive accurate and timely information so that I can best represent the needs of our service members and ensure that they and their fami-lies receive the protections and benefits that they have earned. This would not be possible without the invaluable contributions of men and women like LTC Givens who tirelessly and effectively communicate with our office and advocate for their fellow soldiers. 
On behalf of the United States Congress 
and the residents of the 11th District, I con-gratulate and thank LTC Givens and his wife, Lisa, for their service to our country and wish them the best for continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY 
LIFE OF JUDY STUDEBAKER WARREN 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the life of a beloved friend, Judy Studebaker Warren. Judy, of the famous Studebaker automobile family, was a vibrant, caring, and passionate individual. Her love of life and contagious smile had a rippling effect of positivity on everyone around her. Sadly, after an almost two year battle with cancer, Judy passed away on July 5, 2015. It is my privilege to honor her extraordinary life on the floor of the United States House of Represent-atives. 
A lifelong Hoosier, Judy grew up in Logans-
port, Indiana and graduated from Logansport High School. After high school she earned her bachelor’s degree in sociology from Indiana University, where she was a proud member of the Pi Beta Phi Sorority and later became an active member of the Indiana University Alum-ni Association. She also served as President of the Junior League of Indianapolis, an orga-nization she loved that benefitted from her en-ergy and talents. Whether it was planning a fundraising gala for the Junior League or hosting a tailgate at an Indiana University foot-ball game, Judy was a gracious and amazing hostess who brought joy to everyone around her. 
Judy’s love of community and commitment 
to volunteering extended well beyond the Jun-ior League of Indianapolis. She was the found-ing member of the Indianapolis Chapter of D.A.R.E. in the Pike Township School System 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.006 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1035 July 10, 2015 
and created many inaugural events, including 
ArtSparkle for the Indianapolis Art Center, the Tribute for the Indiana State Museum, and REV to benefit Methodist Health Foundation. 
She also had extensive board participation, 
serving on the boards of the Indianapolis Art Center, Indiana State Museum, Championship Auto Racing Auxiliary, The National Art Mu-seum of Sports, The Oaks Academy, and Bal-let Internationale, to name a few. Her other af-filiations include the Governor’s Residence Commission, St. Margaret’s Hospital Guild, American Cancer Society Guild, Presidents Roundtable, Indiana Children’s Wish Fund’s Ball and Spotlight, and Keep Indianapolis Beautiful. She was cause-oriented and loved a challenge; give her a goal and she was a fundraising machine. But most of all, she al-ways had fun—and made sure everyone else did, too. 
Judy was an innovator and the Hoosier 
community was her beneficiary. She brought so much good to the City of Indianapolis, and her hard work did not go unnoticed. After she completed her Junior League of Indianapolis Presidency Mayor Bart Peterson named June 4, 2003 as Judy Warren Day in the City of In-dianapolis. She also received Governor Dan-iels’ Distinguished Hoosier Award in 2006 and Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard’s Community Achievement Award in 2010. 
Judy was an embodiment of all that is kind 
and generous. Judy is and always will be an inspiration to me. Her grace, bravery, and spir-it will live on through those whose lives she touched. She is survived by her husband, Brick; son, Clay, and his wife Stasha; her mother, Vera; and her beloved grandchildren, Katie and Ethan. She is also survived by her stepson, Ryan, and his wife, Elizabeth; and their children, Elijiah Brick (E.B.), Martha Claire and George Taylor Warren. Judy War-ren is an example of a great American woman who throughout her lifetime served her family, her friends, and community with passion and love. 
f 
H.R. 2999, THE FAIR VA 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
HON. MARK TAKANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
introduce H.R. 2999, the Fair VA Account-ability Act, legislation that will bring real ac-countability to the VA while maintaining con-stitutional due process protections for civil service employees. 
Last year, we were horrified to learn of 
widespread mismanagement at the VA. We all felt outraged that VA employees whose ac-tions may have harmed veterans remained in their jobs or sat at home for months on paid administrative leave. There have been other bills introduced that seek to bring greater flexi-bility to the VA to remove problem employees, but I believe that many do this by destroying the bedrock principles of our civil service, lim-iting due process to an extent that runs counter to the constitutional protections we enjoy. I think these bills have another failing— they likely would result in outcomes far dif-ferent than their sponsors and proponents in-tend. By violating the due process rights of our federal employees, these bills could very well 
ensure that if followed, VA may never be able to effectively remove bad employees when a court finds them unconstitutional. 
The Fair VA Accountability Act increases 
accountability by allowing VA to immediately suspend without pay any employee whose misconduct poses a direct threat to veterans’ 
health and safety. VA currently has the author-ity to fire employees with adequate pre-termi-nation notice—usually 30 days. I agree that VA needs to do a better job of utilizing this au-thority. But the only realistic reason a VA em-ployee should be fired on the spot would be if his or her conduct threatened veterans’ health and safety. 
I believe my bill provides the proper balance 
between the needs of the VA and the rights of VA employees. I also believe it provides suffi-cient due process rights to meet constitutional requirements and provide accused employees with a fair chance to tell their side of the story. Keep in mind that over 30 percent of VA em-ployees are veterans themselves—the largest percentage of veteran employees among civil-ian agencies. I am proud to promote a policy that protects these employees’ constitutional right to due process before losing their federal job. 
In addition to the immediate removal provi-
sion, my bill increases accountability at the VA by addressing the ‘‘revolving door’’ problem, prohibiting senior VA executives from receiv-ing VA contracts for at least a year after they leave the VA. It also limits the use of paid ad-ministrative leave to 14 days, to ensure em-ployees don’t continue to draw paychecks while sitting at home for months. 
Finally, the Fair VA Accountability Act pro-
tects whistleblowers by requiring mandatory back-pay for any employee who proves that dismissal was a result of whistleblower retalia-tion. My bill also requires the IG to report on the percentage of employees fired who claimed whistleblower protections, and retains existing Title 5 protections for VA employees. 
As stated in a letter of support by the Amer-
ican Federation of Government Employees, this language establishes ‘‘highly effective mechanisms for increasing VA accountability while preserving the due process rights of front-line employees so that they can still make lifesaving disclosures about patient harm and other mismanagement without the fear of immediate job loss as at-will employ-ees.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE OLDE FORGE-SUR-REY SQUARE CIVIC ASSOCIATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Olde Forge-Surrey Square on the oc-casion of its 50th anniversary. 
Located in the heart of Fairfax County and 
the 11th Congressional District of Virginia, the Olde Forge-Surrey Square subdivision is set in a beautiful location, surrounded by large parks and streams. The residents take great pride in their community and are willing and eager par-ticipants in the community’s civic association. 
The Olde Forge-Surrey Square Civic Asso-
ciation is dedicated to promoting a high quality of life for all of the residents. There is an ac-
tive Neighborhood Watch program, which helps to ensure the area remains safe and that neighbors stay connected. The Brandy-wine Pool is a local gathering place for all, and there are frequent barbeques and other community events. Recently the civic associa-tion took on a large project to renovate its playground. Through the generous contribu-tions of the residents, as well as support of the local business community, the civic asso-ciation was able to raise enough money to qualify for a grant from Fairfax County for a complete playground renovation. 
As the former president of my own civic as-
sociation, I understand that when residents in-vest their time, care, and energies in their communities, it benefits all. Fairfax County is considered one of the best places in the na-tion in which to work, live, and raise a family, largely because of the willingness of so many to become actively involved. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating the Olde Forge-Surrey Square Civic Association on its 50th anniver-sary and in thanking all of the residents for their tireless efforts and dedication to the com-munity and region. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN REECE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Brian Reece of Osceola, Iowa, on receiving the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathe-matics and Science Teaching (PAEMST). 
This program, administered by the National 
Science Foundation on behalf of the White House Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy, recognizes exemplary teachers for their contributions to the teaching and learning of math and science. Each award recipient will be receiving a certificate signed by the Presi-dent, along with a $10,000 award from the Na-tional Science Foundation. Each recipient will travel to Washington, D.C. for an awards cere-mony at a later date. 
Brian has been teaching mathematics for 
the past 19 years. Nine of those years have been spent at Central Academy, a public high school in Des Moines listed in the top one per-cent of educational programs by the College Board. He has taught in a number of Iowa school districts, as well as at the Des Moines Area Community College. Brian received his B.A. in Mathematics from Central College in Pella, Iowa, and furthered his mathematics 
education with a Master’s of School Mathe-matics from Iowa State University. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Iowans like Brian Reece who display dedica-tion and pride in developing Iowa’s next gen-eration. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating Brian for re-ceiving this prestigious award and wishing him nothing but success in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.011 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1036 July 10, 2015 
WELCOMING CHARLOTTE BETH 
STONE 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, as I rise today, it is 
my pleasure to announce the birth of Charlotte Beth Stone on June 3, 2015 at Virginia Hos-pital Center in Arlington, VA. 
Charlotte is the daughter of Kevan Stone, 
my Special Projects Director, and Alexis Rice. Friends since High School in West Palm Beach, Florida, Alexis and Kevan married years later in Washington, D.C. at the historic Willard Hotel in May of 2014. 
On this happy occasion, I ask my col-
leagues to join me in extending our warmest congratulations and wishes to the Stone and Rice families for continued health and happi-ness. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that 
I was unable to vote on Friday, July 10 as I was attending the memorial services of a dear friend in my congressional district. 
Had I been present, I would have cast my 
vote in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, even though I am disappointed that the Republican Majority included last minute and unnecessary policy riders. I am cosponsor of the underlying bill which would encourage biomedical innovation and the development of new treatments and cures (Roll Call #433). 
I would have also cast my vote in support 
of the amendment introduced by Representa-tives B
ARBARA LEE, JANSCHAKOWSKY , and 
YVETTE CLARKE to H.R. 6, the 21st Century 
Cures Act. This amendment would remove harmful policy riders that aim to undermine women’s access to reproductive health serv-ices from this otherwise noncontroversial, bi-partisan effort. As a longtime supporter of a woman’s right to access comprehensive repro-ductive healthcare, I oppose the inclusion of these unnecessary policy riders in this impor-tant bill (Roll Call #432). 
I would have cast my vote in opposition to 
the Brat/McClintock/Garrett/Stutzman/Perry Amendment to H.R. 6, which would have turned the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund into a discretionary spending program, leading to immense uncertainty which would undercut the Fund’s effectiveness and NIH’s ability to maximize its work (Roll Call #431). 
f 
CONGRATULATING MARY AGEE ON 
HER RETIREMENT FROM NORTH-ERN VIRGINIA FAMILY SERVICE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Mary Agee of Fairfax, Virginia on her retirement after 43 years at Northern 
Virginia Family Service (NVFS). 
Since its founding by community volunteers 
in 1924, NVFS has addressed the growing needs of communities throughout our region. NVFS works to improve the lives of its clients through a variety of programs in five mission initiatives: housing, child and family enrich-ment, health access, emergency assistance, and workforce development. 
Ms. Agee began her career with the organi-
zation as a Family Counselor in 1972 and since 1988 has served as Executive Director and then Chief Executive Officer. Four dec-ades of service to our community cannot be fairly summarized in one statement, but just a few examples illustrate the tremendous impact Ms. Agee’s efforts have had on the lives of Northern Virginia families. 
When she was named Deputy Director in 
1978, NVFS had 11 staff, five of whom were full-time, and a budget of $187,000. Today, the nonprofit organization has 350 employees, approximately 3,600 volunteers, an operating budget of $32 million and offices in Arlington, Fairfax, Prince William and Loudoun counties, as well as the cities of Alexandria, Manassas and Manassas Park. NVFS is now the largest private, nonprofit human service organization in Northern Virginia. Each year, nearly 34,000 individuals and families turn to NVFS to find housing and emergency services, early child-hood programs, health & mental health serv-ices, workforce development programs, legal assistance, anti-hunger programs, and inter-vention and prevention programs. 
Additionally, NVFS has played a role in sta-
bilizing families affected by national crises. After the tragedy of 9/11, NVFS lead the Sur-vivors’ Fund Project, providing direct assist-ance and long-term case management serv-ices to local victims, their families, and first re-sponders. Ms. Agee considers this her proud-est moment. In partnership with the Red Cross, NVFS led the Katrina Project for evac-uees from New Orleans who relocated to our region. The success of this first-ever collabo-ration led the Red Cross to establish similar contracts across the nation. 
Through Ms. Agee, NVFS has earned a rep-
utation as a leader in the community by sup-porting community partnerships, taking a lead-ership role in multi-agency service delivery for clients, and working collaboratively with other human services agencies on advocacy issues. On an individual level, Ms. Agee has served as an inspiration and mentor to many in the human services community. She carefully works with colleagues to develop their strengths and to nurture relationships that benefit the community and people in need, rather than any particular organization. I had the great pleasure of collaborating with Ms. Agee during my 14 years on the Fairfax Coun-ty Board of Supervisors. Her leadership was invaluable when the County launched home-less prevention and affordable housing initia-tives during my tenure as Chairman, and she, along with the entire team at NVFS, was an invaluable partner for the County’s many human service programs to assist our neigh-bors most in need. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking Mary Agee for a lifetime of service to our community and in congratulating her on her retirement. When I was Chairman of the County Board, we often joked when retirement announcements like this were made that we should pass an ordinance not allowing such 
talented and dedicated people to leave public or community service, and I certainly wish that was the case here. I wish Mary and her family all the best in this next chapter of her life. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chair, on a personal 
level, I have family members who have suf-fered with Parkinson’s—I witness this debili-tating disease through them. It is hard to see. Few things in America are truly ubiquitous— diseases, sadly, are one of those things. 
In addition to the struggle chronic and rare 
disease patients face, physicians, researchers, clinicians, and medical device companies (among others) deal with an outdated and overly burdensome regulatory structure. These regulations stifle the development of new cures and treatments, whether they are drugs, biologics, or devices. 
Given the reality, we have to ask: how can 
we get cures and treatments to the people who desperately need them? 
That is the question the 21st Century Cures 
Initiative was created to answer. The 21st Century Cures Initiative is a bipartisan under-taking by members of the Energy and Com-merce Committee to help our healthcare inno-vation infrastructure thrive and deliver more hope for all patients. This is a tremendous un-dertaking, and is much easier said than done. 
It is about finding new ways to drive innova-
tion. In addition to adequate funding and re-sources, we need to think critically about structural changes to streamline and mod-ernize our health care system. We need to rethink what we have been doing and how we are doing it for the 21st Century. 
This is what 21st Century Cures Initiative is 
giving us: an opportunity to address some of the structural barriers to new cures and pro-mote new ways to incentivize developments. The 21st Century Cures Initiative has exam-ined and seeks to accelerate the complete cycle of cures—from discovery to development to delivery and back again to discovery. This has resulted in the 21st Century Cures Act— a culmination of over a year’s worth of engag-ing with patients, researchers, physicians, gov-ernment, and private entities. 
This year included numerous hearings and 
roundtables in Washington D.C. As legislators, we worked tirelessly to engage all stake-holders from across the spectrum. The only way we can answer the question—how do we get better cures and treatments?—is to work with everyone involved in the American health care system. 
I am proud that I was able to have several 
provisions that were included in the final version of the Cures Act. These provisions will help to change the lives of patients in small to larger ways. I want to take a moment and highlight some of the provisions and some of the people that helped shape the policy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.015 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1037 July 10, 2015 
Rare diseases are not a rare problem. Near-
ly 30 million Americans—1 in every 10 peo-ple—are living with a rare disease. 
That is why I introduced the OPEN Act—the 
Orphan Product Extensions Now Act. It was included as a provision of the 21st Century Cures Act. 
My bipartisan bill has the potential to help 
millions of people by incentivizing the testing of mainstream drugs—or repurposing them— to treat rare diseases and pediatric cancers, and it was included as a major provision in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
The OPEN Act would unlock a new world of 
potential treatments—it would put FDA-ap-proved, safe, and effective treatments ‘‘on- label.’’ 
Through the 21st Century Cures Act, Con-
gress has a chance to come together to make a real difference in the lives of the 160 million Americans who suffer from a rare or chronic condition, as well as the family members and friends of all those afflicted. 
The OPEN Act is one provision in the 21st 
Century Cures Act, but it is one I am proud to have authored, and one I believe will make a substantial difference in the lives of a lot of people. 
I want to take this opportunity to thank all 
the people who helped make the OPEN Act a reality, and who fought for this legislation to be in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
Julia Jenkins, Max Bronstein, Andy Russell, 
Harry Sporidis, Tim Perrin, everyone at the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Diseases, and the other 155 rare disease groups that sup-ported the OPEN Act: 
National MPS Society, With Purpose, Na-
tional PKU Alliance, Taylor’s Tale, RASopathies Network USA, Kids v Cancer, Let Them Be Little X2 Inc., Info and Re-sources for Idiopathic Pulmonary Hemo-siderosis (IPH-NET), Noah’s Hope, Mary Payton’s Miracle Foundation, Hope4Bridget Foundation, Batten Disease Support & Re-search Association, Cure Sanfilippo Founda-tion, Beyond Batten Disease Foundation, Drew’s Hope Scientific Research Foundation, International Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foundation (IPPF), Cure AHC, Autoinflammatory Alliance, MLD Founda-tion, Fabry Support & Information Group, Children’s PKU Network, FMD Chat; 
National Tay-Sachs & Allied Diseases As-
sociation (NTSAD), Little Miss Hannah Foundation, Rare Disease United Founda-tion, Global Genes Project, Fibromuscular Dysplasia Society of America (FMDSA), Lymphatic Malformation Institute, Mastocytosis Society, EB Research Partner-ship, BRBN Alliance, Jonah’s Just Begun, Abigail Alliance for Better Access to Devel-opmental Drugs, Hannah’s Hope Fund, GNE Myopathy International, The Ryan Founda-tion, Organic Acidemia Association, Cardio- Facio-Cutaneous International, NGLY1.org, Gwendolyn Strong Foundation, POMC Island One boy an Ocean of friends, Gene Giraffe Project, International FOP Association, Aware of Angels; 
CureCADASIL, GT23 FOUNDATION, 
Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation (DTRF), The Association for Glycogen Stor-age Disease, Gene Spotlight Inc., Amyloi-dosis Foundation, Heriditary Neuropathy Foundation, Relapsing Polychondritis, Klippel-Feil Syndrome Freedom, CureDuchenne, Prader-Willi Syndrome Asso-ciation, Bert’s Big Adventure, Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy, Sarcoma Foun-dation of America, The Nicholas Conor Insti-tute, Luck2Tuck Foundation, Team Sanfilippo Foundation, The Rally Founda-tion for Childhood Cancer Research, CARES 
Foundation, Inc., Help Extinguish Hunter Syndrome, Sephardic Health Organization for Referral & Education, Hunter Syndrome Research Coalition; 
The Kortney Rose Foundation, Saving 
Case & Friends, Phelan-McDermid Syndrome Foundation, The Children’s Medical Re-search Foundation, Inc., Cure SMA, Narco-lepsy Network, Celiac Support Association, Caleb’s Crusade Against Childhood Cancer, International Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia Foundation (IWMF), PKD Foundation, EDSers United Founda-tion, Choroideremia Research Foundation, Inc., Genetic Alliance, The Life Raft Group, The Will Luthcke Foundation, Angioma Alli-ance, Smashing Walnuts Foundation, Castleman Disease Collaborative Network/ Castleman’s Awareness & Research Effort, The GIST Cancer Awareness Foundation, The Truth 365, The Arms Wide Open Child-hood Cancer Foundation, Sophia’s Fund; 
Journey4ACure, Princesses on a Mission, 
Inc., Noah’s Light Foundation, Pediatric Cancer Foundation, West Virginia Kids Can-cer Crusaders, Inc., Bear Necessities Cancer Foundation, A Kids’ Brain Tumor Cure, RARE Science, Inc., ISMRD (the Inter-national Advocate for Glycoprotein Storage Diseases), Hermansky-Pudlak Syndrome Network Inc., Run4Rare, A–T Children’s Project, The Global Foundation for Peroxisomal Disorders, The Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease Research Foun-dation (APBDRF), Alexa Nawrocki Pediatric Cancer Foundation, Beckwith-Wiedemann Children’s Foundation International, The Brooke Healey Foundation, Talia’s Legacy Children’s Cancer Foundation, The Rare Childhood Cancer Advocacy Group, Alex’s Army Childhood Cancer Foundation, The Catherine Elizabeth Blair Memorial Founda-tion, Stillbrave Childhood Cancer Founda-tion; 
Cures Within Reach, ALL4Trey, Team 
Sabrina, Sofia’s Hope, Inc., ALL4Trey, Delainee’s Battle, Joey’s Wings Foundation, The Bozeman 3, Team Ashley Bragg, Cole vs Cancer, Dominick One in a Million, Samuel Szabo Foundation, Wilms Tumor Survivor Group, Aiden’s Army, Sofia’s Hope, Inc., Mikey’s Way Foundation, Team Serena, Sup-porting Our Cancer Kids, The Champ’s Cor-ner, Habitat for Hope, Ali’s Angels Founda-tion, Gold Rush Cure Foundation; 
Sickle Cell Warriors, Inc., The Rare Cancer 
Research Foundation, Carson Leslie Founda-tion, Amyloidosis Research Consortium, Pul-monary Fibrosis Advocates, The Coalition for Pulmonary Fibrosis, Mytonic Dystrophy Foundation, LMSarcoma Direct Research Foundation, BioPontis Alliance for Rare Dis-eases, Foundation for Ichthyosis & Related Skin Types, Inc., 5p-Society, The Santonio 
Holmes III & Long Foundation, National Fragile X Foundation, National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD), OsteoPETrosis Society, Curing Retinal Blindness Founda-tion, The MAGIC Foundation, Cure HHT, DEFY Foundation, Chase After a Cure, DC Outreach Inc., Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation, and the Bridget the Gap— SYNGAP Education and Research Founda-tion. 
These groups’ grassroots efforts were in-
strumental in the effort to get the OPEN Act in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
I would like to thank all the participants of 
the two 21st Century Roundtables I held in my District in August of 2014. Your input was vital in the early stages of drafting the 21st Century Cures Act, and I will be forever appreciative: 
Dr. Wayne Taylor, on behalf of the Leu-
kemia and Lymphoma Society; 
Mrs. Colleen Labbadia, on behalf of the Par-
ent Project for Muscular Dystrophy (PPMD); Ms. Patricia Stanco, MHS, on behalf of the 
ALS Association Florida Chapter; 
Ms. Ashleigh Pike and Ms. Beth Pike— 
dysautonomia patient advocates; 
Dr. Samantha Lindsay, on behalf of the 
Alpha–1 Foundation; 
Ms. Janice Starling, on behalf of the Amer-
ican Association of Kidney Patients; 
Mr. and Mrs. Michael and Gretchen Church, 
on behalf of the Parkinson’s Action Network; 
Dr. Clifton Gooch, FAAN, Professor and 
Chair, Department of Neurology, University of South Florida; 
Dr. Dave Morgan, CEO and Director of 
USF’s Byrd Alzheimer’s Institute; 
Dr. Richard Finkel, Chief Neurologist at Ne-
mour’s Children’s Hospital; 
Mr. Geary A. Havran, President of NDH 
Medical, Inc., and Chairman, Florida Medical Manufacturers Consortium (FMMC); 
Ms. Lisa Novorska, CFO, Rochester Electro- 
Medical, Inc.; 
Dr. Thomas Sellers, MPH., Center Director 
and Executive Vice President for Moffit Cancer Center; 
Dr. Glen Hortin, Clinical Pathology Medical 
Director for the Southeast Region, for Quest Diagnostics. 
Additionally, I want to thank Nick Manetto 
from PPMD and USAgainst Alzheimer’s, Mir-iam O’Day from the Alpha–1 Foundation, John DeMuro from Moffitt, Monica Richter from USF, Jennifer Sheridan from PAN, Gary Dessatti, John Ray from FMMC, and Erin O’Malley and Virginia Biggar from USAgainstAlzheimer’s. 
I would also like to thank Candace Lerman, 
Laura Milford, and Max Schill. They are all rare disease patients and advocates who I have had the pleasure of meeting. Their in- person advocacy and their dedication to im-prove the lives of everyone with a rare dis-ease is admirable. I am truly grateful to their contribution and support of this legislation. 
I also want to recognize Noah Coughlan 
and Jonny Lee Miller. Noah is a young man who ran across the country—over 3,000 miles—three times to raise awareness for rare diseases. This is a feat achieved by very few, and is a tremendous physical feat dem-onstrating his dedication to this cause. Jonny Lee Miller is an actor and advocate who runs ultra-marathons to raise money and aware-ness for rare diseases. 
To everyone else who was involved, sup-
ported the OPEN Act, tweeted about it, posted about it on Facebook, or advocated on behalf of the 30 million Americans with rare diseases, I sincerely thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
Additionally, the 21st Century Cures Act in-
cludes another one of my bills, H.R. 2298, the Patient Safety and Prescription Drug Abuse Prevention Act. I began work on this bill three years ago, after a prescription drug abuse hearing. The problem was apparent, and a fix was desperately needed. 
This provision will create a drug manage-
ment program within Medicare to use the same tools used in Medicaid, TRICARE, and private insurance to deal with the growth in prescription drug abuse. 
The Substance Abuse and Mental Health 
Administration (SAMHSA) estimates that there are 15.3 million Americans over the age of 12 that ‘‘used prescription drugs non-medically in the last year.’’ USA Today reported that in 2012, the average number of seniors misusing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.018 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1038 July 10, 2015 
or dependent on prescription pain relievers in 
the past year grew to an estimated 336,000, up from 132,000 a decade earlier, based on data from SAMHSA. Addiction does not recog-nize age, race, ethnicity, or income. Anyone could be susceptible including seniors. 
The U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services’ Office of the Inspector General has recommended that Medicare have this type of a program. In a hearing, the Center for Medi-care and Medicaid Services’ Principal Deputy Administrator stated that they supported this policy, but needed a statutory change in the law to create such a program. 
A change to the Medicare program is a her-
culean task. I want to thank some of the peo-ple that supported this provision and helped get this legislation over the finish line. Lindsay Berman from the Pew Charitable Trusts, Jerry Steffl, Jonathan Heafitz, Gary Kline, Sergio Santiviago, Richard Hoar, Heather Cutler, Nel-son Bunn from the Major County Sheriffs As-sociation, and Chuck DeWitt from the Major Cities Chiefs Association. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber today because I was at the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals hearing in New Orleans, LA, on President Barack Obama’s immigration execu-tive actions. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 431. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 
432 and in favor of the Lee/Schakowsky/ Clarke Amendment which would have struck from the underlying bill controversial policy rid-ers that will undermine a woman’s right to choose. This amendment would have pro-tected women’s health care choices and was especially vital to low-income and minority women’s health. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 
433 in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 INSTITUTE 
FOR EXCELLENCE IN SALES & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LIFE-TIME ACHIEVEMENT WINNER MARK WEBER 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the recipients of the Lifetime Achieve-ment presented by the Institute for Excellence in Sales & Business Development (IES&BD). The Institute was created to foster excellence in business sales and development practices and to help organizations maximize their ef-forts. This annual award recognizes individ-uals, teams, and organizations throughout the United States who demonstrate exemplary performance through leadership, risk taking, innovation, vision, and customer development. The 2015 IES&BD Lifetime Achievement 
Award honoree is Mark Weber of NetApp, a data management and cloud storage provider based in Vienna, Virginia. With over 30 years of experience in technology sales and engi-neering, Mr. Weber is a proven leader in Infor-mation Technology with particular expertise in serving the public sector. 
Mr. Weber began his career as a federal ac-
count manager for Hewlett-Packard and later joined Sun Microsystems where he managed a diverse portfolio and served in a variety of positions including regional executive director for federal, state, and local government sales. 
At NetApp, as Senior Vice President for the 
Americas, Mr. Weber leads sales, channels, engineering, professional services, business development, finance, operations, and mar-keting across North America, South America, and U.S. Public Sector. Prior to his current role, Mr. Weber served as the President and General Manager of NetApp U.S. Public Sec-tor for ten years. He was responsible for man-aging and developing government business at the federal, state, and local levels in addition to higher education and teaching hospitals. 
Under his leadership, NetApp’s Vienna of-
fice was ranked in the top 10 for the best places to work in D.C. for the sixth time by the Washington Business Journal as well as re-peatedly listed in the Washingtonian’s Best 50 Places to Work issue. 
Mr. Weber’s professionalism has earned 
him the respect and admiration of his peers. In 2014 he was recognized by the Wash100 Exec Ranks as an Innovative GovCon Tech-nologist & Business Leader. He was also awarded the FedScoop50 Industry Leadership award in 2012 and 2013 and the Federal Computer Week’s Federal 100 Award in 2011. Within NetApp, he has received the Club Award for nine straight years and is frequently recognized as Sales Leader of the Year within the larger organization. 
Mr. Weber sits on the Advisory Council for 
the Department of Business & Economics at Catholic University in Washington, D.C., and is a board member of the Virginia Tech Science and Engineering Regional Growth Enterprise (VT-SERGE). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mark Weber for his many con-tributions to the federal IT procurement field and on congratulating him on receiving the 2015 Institute for Excellence in Sales & Busi-ness Development Lifetime Achievement Award. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, today 
I stand in strong support of the 21st Century Cures Act. This bipartisan bill gives our na-tion’s best and brightest the tools they need to understand—and eventually defeat disease— and reauthorizes both the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Food and Drug Adminis-
tration (FDA). 
The 21st Century Cures Act has the poten-
tial to accelerate the discovery of drugs for life-threatening illnesses; repurpose drugs found ineffective for one condition and test them on another; promote an interoperable health system; enhance telehealth practices; and advance the development of more tar-geted, personalized treatments. 
My district, the 7th Congressional District of 
Alabama, is home to the University of Ala-bama at Birmingham, the Southern Research Institute, and the University of Alabama. NIH funding is critical to the continuing vitality of these three leading institutions, as well as to the region. 
The prospect of this act alone provides 
hope. Hope that cures can be discovered, hope that one day no diagnoses indicate inevi-table ailment or death, and hope that one day treatments will yield more reward than risk. 
Despite the potential of this bill, there are 
two amendments that threaten that hope and essentially aim to inhibit the health of several Americans. First, the Hyde Amendment has reared its ugly head yet again. It is a harmful and discriminatory bill that prevents women from making their own healthcare decisions. Further, it serves as a stark contradiction to efforts geared toward providing health positive resources for all. 
Second, the Brat amendment aims to con-
vert the federal funding of the NIH and the FDA from mandatory to discretionary. Such a transaction would stifle the progress both fed-eral agencies have already made and will con-tinue to make. It will singlehandedly reverse the trajectory of medical progress and halt fur-ther research efforts. 
With only 5 percent of rare diseases having 
an FDA-approved treatment, it would be a gross understatement to say our medical sys-tems have failed to keep pace. Viruses and diseases will not wait for us to catch up; they will mutate, grow ever more virulent, and con-tinue to impact our public health. We need to leverage our investments to make potentially game-changing strides in treatment. We need 21st century solutions for 21st century threats. 
An investment in health affects more than 
our physical well-being, and the 21st Century Cares Act reflects this. H.R. 6 is not only a health bill; it is a jobs bill. Our country has been the leader in both the medical device and biopharmaceutical industry for decades, helping us become the core of global medical innovation. This puts a target on our backs, as China and other countries have attempted to attempt to claim this role and thus, our jobs. U.S. medical device-related employment totals over 2 million jobs, and the U.S. biopharma-ceutical industry is responsible for over 4 mil-lion U.S. jobs. NIH funding currently supports over 400,000 jobs at research institutions across the country, including jobs for young and upcoming scientists. Without this funding, our jobs are out there for the taking. Without this funding, the thousands of jobs in my dis-trict provided by the University of Alabama at Birmingham, the Southern Research Institute, and the University of Alabama are not safe. The policies in this legislation will help us fight off foreign competitors and allow us to con-tinue innovating, so we can all protect medical jobs in our districts and add more. 
We must get serious about addressing the 
unmet medical needs of the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.019 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1039 July 10, 2015 
I urge my colleagues not to deprive the Amer-
ican people of the cures they deserve. Vote against these poison pill amendments be-cause when it comes to the health of our con-stituents, there is no place or time for partisan politics. I urge my colleagues to oppose the Brat and Hyde amendments, and I urge them support H.R. 6. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NONE SUCH FARM 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a very special company in the 8th Congressional District, None Such Farm, which recently was recognized as a Finalist for the Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. 
The Freedom Award is the highest recogni-
tion given by the U.S. Government to employ-ers for their support of their workers who serve our country in the Guard and Reserve. Nomination requests come from a Guard or Reserve member who is employed by the or-ganization they are nominating, or from a fam-ily member. The award was created to publicly recognize employers that provide exceptional support to their Guard and Reserve employ-ees, and the Department of Defense deems it the highest of all employer recognition awards. 
30 companies from across the country were 
selected as a Finalist for this prestigious award. None Such Farm is the only company representing the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, and all of us in Bucks County are proud. 
None Such Farm is owned and operated by 
the 3rd generation of the Yerkes Family in beautiful Buckingham, Pennsylvania. For over fifty years the Yerkes farm supplied sweet corn for the wholesale market in Philadelphia. In the late 1970’s, as the wholesale market began to change, Bill and John Yerkes de-cided to build a Farm Market. Since 1978, the market has doubled in size, adding a Meat Shop to sell their own farm raised beef, along with a kitchen for high quality ‘‘ready to go’’ food. None Such Farm is a staple of Bucks County, with some of the best sweet corn around, along with delicious fruits, vegetables, and beautiful flowers. 
Today, the Yerkes family heritage lives on— 
through Leslie, Jon and Scott Yerkes, who made the decision to preserve the 217 acre farm. As a County Commissioner and as a United States Congressman, I have seen the tremendous strides that None Such Farm has made and the dedication it has given to its 
customers and employees. 
I am pleased to see the Department of De-
fense recognize None Such Farm for their good treatment and support of our nation’s military families. Thank you to the Yerkes fam-ily for taking care of those who serve our country. I am proud of your commitment to our military, and wish you many years of success in the future. RECOGNIZING THE 2014 HONOREES 
OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY FED-ERATION OF CITIZENS’ ASSOCIA-TIONS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-
knowledge the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens’ Associations (the ‘‘Federation’’) and the honorees of its 65th Annual Awards Ban-quet. The Federation is a coalition of civic and homeowners associations. Each year, the Federation honors a few select individuals for their extraordinary contributions to our commu-nity. As a former two-term President of the Federation, I understand that those who volun-teer their time, energies, and talents to civic activities play a vital role in making Fairfax County one of the best places in the nation in which to live, work, and raise a family. I am honored to recognize the following individuals for their service to our community: 
2014 Citizen of the Year: Michael O’Reilly. 
A lifelong resident of Fairfax County, Michael O’Reilly is a true ‘‘model citizen’’ who never fails to heed the call to public service. Mr. O’Reilly served as Mayor of the Town of Hern-don from 2004–2006. In 2009 he helped cre-ate the Governing Board of the Fairfax-Falls Church Partnership to Prevent and End Homelessness and has chaired the Board since its inception. He also currently serves as President of the Herndon Council for the Arts and as Co-chair of the Herndon Committee of the Dulles Regional Chamber. 
Lifetime Achievement Award: Mary Agee. 
For the past 43 years, Mary Agee has made an enormous difference in the lives of North-ern Virginians, particularly the low income and struggling. Joining Northern Virginia Family Service (NVFS) in 1972, Ms. Agee became the organization’s leader 27 years ago. Under her leadership, NVFS has grown into a re-gional resource that employs 350 people, has approximately 3,400 volunteers, and provides assistance to more than 34,000 Northern Vir-ginia residents every year. Although Ms. Agee is retiring from her position as President and Chief Executive of NVFS, her contributions and impact have left a permanent imprint on our community that will continue to help future generations of Fairfax residents. 
Citation of Merit: Connie Hartke. Connie 
Hartke is best known as President of Rescue Reston, a grassroots organization formed to protect open space. Under her leadership, Rescue Reston secured more than 4,200 sig-natures in opposition to the construction of homes on the Reston National Golf Course and led citizen engagement efforts with the Board of Supervisors and Board of Zoning Ap-peals. Ms. Hartke is also a valued supporter of the Walker Nature Center, participating in nu-merous education programs including hikes, presentations, and environmental film nights. 
Citation of Merit: Bruce Wright. Bruce Wright 
commutes by bicycle to most of the many meetings he attends as Chairman of Fairfax Advocates for Better Bicycling (FABB). Since 2005, Mr. Wright and FABB members have worked with Fairfax County and the Virginia Department of Transportation to ensure that bicycling is an integral part of the county’s transportation network. Under his leadership, FABB advocated for the county’s first Bicycle 
Master Plan. He has served on the Hunter Mill District Land Use Committee, the Reston Planning and Zoning Committee, the Tysons Land Use Task Force, the Fairfax County Trails & Sidewalks Committee, and on the Washington Area Bicyclist Association. 
Special Gratitude Honoree: Supervisor Mi-
chael Frey. Supervisor Frey has represented the Sully District on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors since the Sully District was cre-ated in 1991, and I was proud to serve with him during my 14 years on the Board. Prior to that, he worked for former Board Chairman Jack Herrity and former Springfield District Su-pervisor Elaine McConnell. Since the begin-ning of his tenure, Mr. Frey oversaw enor-mous growth and change in the Centreville/ 
Chantilly area. His expertise in land use and development issues helped guide the area through this transitional period. His notable ac-complishments include the creation of the Centreville Historic District, the acquisition of over 2,000 acres of parkland, and the estab-lishment of a day labor center in Centreville. Mr. Frey has worked tirelessly for transpor-tation improvements in western Fairfax to im-prove mobility and reduce congestion. A strong proponent of youth activities and oppor-tunities for young children, Mr. Frey has been a leading advocate of youth sports. In addi-tion, Mr. Frey was a strong supporter of the bid by Fairfax County to host the 2015 World Police and Fire Games and currently serves on the Board of Directors for the organization. Mr. Frey is retiring later this year from the Board of Supervisors, and I wish him well in his retirement and thank him for his 24 years of service to the County and the residents of the Sully District. 
Special Gratitude Honoree: Supervisor Ger-
ald ‘‘Gerry’’ Hyland. Supervisor Gerry Hyland has represented the Mount Vernon District on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors since 1988, and I was proud to serve with him dur-ing my 14 years on the Board. As one of the longest-serving supervisors, Mr. Hyland has helped shape the tremendous growth and de-velopment of southern Fairfax County. He has been a force for renewal within the Mount Vernon District, working tirelessly on such major projects as the revitalization of the Route 1 corridor, the massive expansion of Fort Belvoir required under BRAC, and the transformation of Lorton from an industrial area once known for a prison and landfill into a thriving community known for its parkland, premier golf course, and the Workhouse Art Center. A tireless advocate for his constitu-ents, he has helped manage the explosive growth of Mount Vernon to ensure that the quality of life enjoyed by the residents would not be diminished, but would rather be en-hanced by this reinvention of the community. Mr. Hyland is retiring later this year from the Board of Supervisors, and I wish him well in his retirement and thank him for his 27 years of service to the County and the residents of the Mount Vernon District. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking these incredible individuals and in congratulating them on being honored by the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens’ Asso-ciations. Civic engagement is the root of a community, and Fairfax County residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. The con-tributions and leadership of these honorees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.022 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1040 July 10, 2015 
have been a great benefit to our community 
and truly merit our highest praise. 
f 
H.R. 2647—THE RESILIENT 
FEDERAL FORESTS ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, I voted against H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. There are provisions in this bill that I support, such as preventing the practice of ‘‘fire borrowing,’’ in which the For-est Service and the Department of the Interior pull funding from accounts meant for preven-tion of fire and use it to suppress fires. There are also provisions related to the Secure Rural Schools program that many of my colleagues in the Oregon delegation worked hard to in-clude, and I appreciate their efforts. 
I opposed the legislation overall. It goes too 
far in rolling back important environmental pro-tections, beyond what is necessary to have a balanced approach. I am hopeful as this legis-lation works its way through the process that it is toned down and focused. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE RECOVER 
ACT (REDUCING THE EFFECTS OF THE CYBERATTACK ON OPM VICTIMS EMERGENCY RESPONSE ACT OF 2015) 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-
duce the Reducing the Effects of the Cyberattack on OPM Victims Emergency Re-sponse Act of 2015 (the RECOVER Act), a bill to require the Office of Personnel Manage-ment (OPM) to provide complimentary and comprehensive identity protection coverage to all individuals whose personally identifiable in-formation was compromised during recent OPM data breaches. Senator B
ENCARDIN (D– 
MD) has introduced the companion bill in the Senate. Yesterday, OPM reported that more than 21.5 million current and former federal employees have had their personal informa-tion compromised in a second OPM data breach, five times more than the 4.2 million al-
ready reported, for a grand total of 25.7 million federal employees and retirees. OPM said that the 21.5 million individuals whose background check records were compromised would re-ceive only three years of credit monitoring and identity theft protection services and $1 million in loss coverage, while the other 4.2 million in-dividuals whose personnel records were com-promised would receive 18 months of credit monitoring and $1 million in loss coverage. In light of the scope of OPM’s data breach and the limited protection that is proposed, I, along with my House colleagues C
HRIS VANHOLLEN , 
DONBEYER , D ONNA EDWARDS , C.A. D UTCH  
RUPPERSBERGER , ELIJAH CUMMINGS , G ERALD  
CONNOLLY , and J OHN DELANEY introduce a bill 
that would provide free lifetime identity theft protection coverage that includes identity theft insurance for losses up to $5 million. This pro-tection is particularly necessary since the breach was discovered a year after hackers had already infiltrated OPM’s system. 
OPM’s proposed protection would not pro-
tect current and former federal workers if hackers simply waited for a period of years before exploiting the stolen identities. How-ever, our bill would give current and former federal employees some peace of mind. 
The RECOVER Act is necessary to reduce 
the angst of our dedicated public servants re-sulting from this entire ordeal. OPM failed to protect our current and former federal employ-ees. It follows that the government must do the right thing to make up for its mistake. 
f 
CONGRATULTING THE 2015 LORDS 
AND LADIES FAIRFAX, THE RE-CIPIENT OF THE JAMES M. SCOTT COMMUNITY SPIRIT AWARD, AND THE CELEBRATE FAIRFAX! VOLUNTEERS OF THE YEAR 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, July 10, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize a dedicated group of men and women in Northern Virginia. Every year, each member of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors se-lects two people from his or her district who have demonstrated outstanding volunteer service, heroism, or other exceptional commit-ments and contributions to our community. Since the program’s inception in 1984, ap-
proximately 600 individuals have earned the honor of being named a Lord or Lady Fairfax by his or her representative on the Board of Supervisors. The Board also traditionally rec-ognizes these individuals during a reception held in conjunction with the annual Celebrate Fairfax! Festival in June. 
This year, the Fairfax County Board of Su-
pervisors will recognize those individuals who have made tremendous impacts through their support of our public schools, parks, youth sports leagues, arts community, public safety, and human service programs. It is nearly im-possible to fully describe the diversity of ac-complishments by the honorees. Their efforts contribute greatly to the quality of life for the residents of Fairfax County and should be commended. 
It is my honor to submit the names of the 
following 2015 Lords and Ladies Fairfax. 
At-Large: Lady Katherine K. Hanley and 
Lord John P. McAnaw 
Braddock District: Lady Donna Goldbranson 
and Lord Richard B. Chobot 
Dranesville District: Lady Sarah C. Kirk and 
Lord Robert D. Vickers Jr. 
Hunter Mill District: Lady L. Adelle Jones 
and Lord Kenneth R. Fredgren 
Lee District: Lady Elizabeth M. McGhan and 
Lord Christopher M. Soule 
Mason District: Lady Terri L. Fox and Lord 
Martin C. Faga 
Mount Vernon District: Lady Elisabeth B. 
Lardner and Lord Martin W. Tillett 
Providence District: Lady Peggy A. Koplitz 
and Lord Paul J. Wexler 
Springfield District: Lady Kyra M. Beckman 
and Lord Jeffrey H. Saxe 
Sully District: Lady Bonnie L. Hobbs and 
Lord Jerrold L. Foltz 
I also commend the following recipients of 
the James M. Scott Community Spirit Award and the Celebrate Fairfax! Festival Volunteer of the Year Awards: 
James M. Scott Community Spirit Award: 
Dominion 
Celebrate Fairfax! Festival Volunteer of the 
Year Award: Tim Harazin 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in expressing our gratitude to these men and women who volunteer their time and energy on behalf of our community. Their efforts pro-vide immeasurable benefits to their fellow resi-dents and serves to strengthen and enrich the Fairfax County community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.024 E10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D809 Friday, July 10, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 13, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3018–3019, 3021–3032; and 4 reso-lutions, H. Con. Res. 60; and H. Res. 358–360, were introduced.
                                                      Pages H5088 
Additional Cosponsors:                                     Pages H5089 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 3020, making appropriations for the Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–195); and 
H.R. 1155, to provide for the establishment of a 
process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–196, Part 1). 
                                                                                            Page H5087 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H5033, S5082 
21st Century Cures Act: The House passed H.R. 6, 
to accelerate the discovery, development, and deliv-ery of 21st century cures, by a recorded vote of 344 ayes to 77 noes, Roll No. 433. Consideration began yesterday, July 9th.
                                          Pages H5035–82 
Pursuant to the rule, an amendment in the nature 
of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–22 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five- 
minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
                                                                                            Page H5035 
Agreed to: 
Young (IN) amendment (No. 2 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–193) that creates authority within NIH to conduct a prize program; the intent of the pro-gram would be to incentivize health innovation by offering competitors the chance to win a prize for creating breakthrough research and technology; 
                                                                                    Pages H5071–72 
Castro (TX) amendment (No. 4 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–193) that ensures under-represented indi-viduals, such as women and minorities, are included in the Supporting Young Emerging Scientists Re-port;
                                                                                  Page H5074 
Slaughter amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 
114–193) that directs the CDC to conduct a study to determine how the additional payments are affect-ing the development of drug resistance; 
                                                                                    Pages H5074–76 
Fitzpatrick amendment (No. 6 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–193) that expresses a sense of Congress that recording Unique Device Identifiers at the point-of-care in electronic health record systems could significantly enhance the availability of med-ical device data for post-market surveillance pur-poses; and
                                                              Pages H5076–77 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 8 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–193) that directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct outreach to Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities; Hispanic Serv-ing Institutions; Native American Colleges; and rural Colleges to ensure that health professionals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY5.REC D10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D810 July 10, 2015 
from under-represented populations are aware of re-
search opportunities under this Act.        Pages H5078–80 
Rejected: 
Brat amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–193) that sought to reform the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund to make it a discretionary spending program (by a recorded vote of 141 ayes to 281 noes, Roll No. 431); and
           Pages H5069–70, H5080–81 
Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 
114–193) that sought to strike the provision that apply any policy riders included in the annual LHHS Appropriations Bill to NIH funds in H.R. 6; also strike the provision that apply any policy riders ap-plied to the FDA in the annual Agriculture Appro-priations bill to FDA funding in H.R. 6 (by a re-corded vote of 176 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 432). 
                                                                      Pages H5072–73, H5081 
Withdrawn: 
Polis amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 
114–193) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have directed the Food and Drug Administration to issue a report on the risks and benefits associated with a two-tiered approval process that would permit certain medical devices to provi-sionally come to market if they have demonstrated safety but not efficacy.
                                    Pages H5077–78 
H. Res. 350, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 6) was agreed to yesterday, July 9th. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, July 13th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H5086 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: The Chair appointed the following addi-
tional conferees on H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year: 
From the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence, for consideration of matters within the juris-diction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Representatives Nunes, King (NY), and Schiff. 
From the Committee on Education and the Work-
force, for consideration of secs. 571 and 573 of the House bill and secs. 561–63 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Rokita, Bishop (MI), and Scott (VA). 
From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
for consideration of secs. 314, 632, 634, 3111–13, 3119, 3133, and 3141 of the House bill and secs. 601, 632, 3118, and 3119 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-
resentatives Upton, Barton, and Pallone. 
From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for con-
sideration of secs. 1011, 1059, 1090, 1092, 1201, 1203–05, 1215, 1221, 1223, 1226, 1234–36, 1247–49, 1253, 1257, 1263, 1264, 1267, 1270, 1301, 1532, 1541, 1542, 1663, 1668–70, 2802, 3118, and 3119 of the House bill and secs. 1011, 1012, 1082, 1201–05, 1207, 1209, 1223, 1225, 1228, 1251, 1252, 1261, 1264, 1265, 1272, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, 1631, 1654, and 1655 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Royce, Marino, and Engel. 
From the Committee on Homeland Security, for 
consideration of secs. 589 and 1041 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives McCaul, Miller (MI), and Thompson (MS). 
From the Committee on the Judiciary, for consid-
eration of secs. 1040, 1052, 1085, 1216, 1641, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 1032, 1034, 1090, and 1227 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Representatives Goodlatte, Issa, and Conyers. 
From the Committee on Natural Resources, for 
consideration of secs. 312, 632, 634, 2841, 2842, 2851–53, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 313, 601, and 632 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Representatives Cook, Hardy, and Grijalva. 
From the Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, for consideration of secs. 602, 631, 634, 838, 854, 855, 866, 871, 1069, and 1101–05 of the House bill and secs. 592, 593, 631, 806, 830, 861, 1090, 1101, 1102, 1104, 1105, 1107–09, 1111, 1112, 1114, and 1115 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Hurd (TX), Russell, and Cummings. 
From the Committee on Rules, for consideration 
of sec. 1032 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Representatives Ses-sions, Byrne, and Slaughter. 
From the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, for consideration of sec. 3136 of the House bill and sec. 1613 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representa-tives Lucas, Knight, and Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX). 
From the Committee on Small Business, for con-
sideration of secs. 831–34, 839, 840, 842–46, 854, and 871 of the House bill and secs. 828, 831, 882, 883, and 885 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Representatives Chabot, Hanna, and Vela ´zquez. 
From the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure, for consideration of secs. 302, 562, 569, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY5.REC D10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D811 July 10, 2015 
570a, 591, 1060a, 1073, 2811, and 3501 of the 
House bill and secs. 601, 642, 1613, 3504, and 3505 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Graves (LA), Curbelo (FL), and Edwards. 
From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for con-
sideration of secs. 565, 566, 592, 652, 701, 721, 722, 1105, and 1431 of the House bill and secs. 539, 605, 633, 719, 1083, 1084, 1089, 1091, and 1411 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Roe (TN), Bilirakis, and Brown (FL).
                                    Page H5086 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5080–81, H5081, and H5082. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 12:14 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 985, Concrete Masonry Products Re-search, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’. Tes-timony was heard from Ellen Herbst, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Administration, Department of Commerce; Franklin Rusco, Director, Natural Resources and Environment-Energy Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public wit-nesses. 
THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: 
OVERSIGHT OF HUD’S PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING PROGRAMS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of HUD’s 
Public and Indian Housing Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Lourdes Castro Ramirez, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Public and In-dian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development; and Daniel Garcia-Diaz, Director, Fi-nancial Markets and Community Investment, Gov-ernment Accountability Office. 
THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION: 
ADDRESSING OPERATIONAL CHALLENGES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘The International Space Station: Addressing Operational Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from Bill Gerstenmaier, Associate Administrator, Human Ex-ploration and Operations Mission Directorate, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration; Paul K. Martin, Inspector General, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Shelby Oakley, Acting Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office; and public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings we held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
JULY 13, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY5.REC D10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD812 July 10, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, July 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on or in re-lation to Alexander (for Hatch/Markey) Amendment No. 2080 (to Amendment No. 2089), and Murray (for Kaine) Amendment No. 2118 (to Amendment No. 2089). Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, July 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1036 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1034 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1040 Boustany, Charles W., Jr., La., E1031 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1034 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1031, E1032, E1032, E1033, 
E1034, E1035, E1036, E1038, E1039, E1040 
DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1036 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1039 Gutie ´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1038 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1031 Mica, John L., Fla., E1036 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1040 
Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E1034 Price, David E., N.C., E1033 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1033, E1038 Takano, Mark, Calif., E1035 Upton, Fred, Mich., E1032 Young, David, Iowa, E1034, E1035 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 11, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10JY5.REC D10JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST