Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7869 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 2015 No. 167 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, November 16, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
TUESDAY , NOVEMBER 10, 2015 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Father, inspire our law-
makers to give You their best. Striving to serve You and country, may they refuse to bring You the leftovers of their time, talents, and trust. Inspired by Your providential movements in our world, help them to raise the bar of their expectations. Remind them that You can accomplish through them more than they can ask or imagine. 
Lord, today we pay tribute to all 
American veterans, living or dead. We praise You for the gift of people who are willing to serve their country hon-orably during times of war and peace. Inspired by their exemplary lives, grant to us all a new dimension of com-passion, courage, and competence. Use us to touch Your world and leave it better than we found it. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
for the information of all Senators, this morning the Senate will resume consideration of the MILCON–VA ap-propriations bill. Several amendments were agreed to yesterday, and we ex-pect more to be considered before we complete action on the bill. Senator K
IRKand Senator T ESTER expect to 
wrap up consideration today, so any Senators with amendments to the bill should be talking to the two managers. 
We will have a rollcall vote on the 
NDAA at approximately 11:20 a.m., and I hope to vote on passage of the MILCON–VA appropriations bill short-ly thereafter. 
If we complete action on NDAA, 
MILCON–VA, and send the long-term highway bill to conference later today, that will allow the Senate to adjourn for the Veterans Day holiday. 
f 
COMMEMORATING VETERANS DAY 
AND PASSING LEGISLATION SUP-PORTING OUR VETERANS AND TROOPS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
like many of my colleagues, I plan to commemorate Veterans Day with the people I am honored to represent here in the Senate. I will join Kentuckians at a ceremony in Shelbyville’s Vet-erans Memorial Park. Hands will be 
put to heart as the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’ is played. Heads will bow in reverence as 106 names are read aloud, each a Kentuckian who made the ulti-mate sacrifice in the service of others, and each a reminder of our enduring debt to America’s men and women in uniform. 
I am proud to represent the nearly 
330,000 Kentuckians who have served in the Armed Forces. I am also proud to represent the many thousands of sol-diers and their families who reside in or hail from our great Commonwealth, whether at Fort Knox, Fort Campbell, the Blue Grass Army Depot, or beyond. 
I recently had a chance to meet some 
of Kentucky’s brave soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who currently serve in Afghanistan and Iraq. Sadly, a NATO helicopter had just crashed in Kabul, killing five people, including two American servicemembers. I was honored to take part in a prayer serv-ice led by a chaplain from Lexington, KY, and I note that the occupant of the Chair was with me at the time. 
What an incredibly humbling mo-
ment it was. The tragic crash is a stark reminder of the incredible danger our service men and women face every day, and a stark reminder of what all Amer-icans owe them. 
Veterans should know that they have 
many champions fighting for them here in the Senate. One of them is Sen-ator I
SAKSON , the chair of the Vet-
erans’ Affairs Committee. Under his leadership, the committee has actively sought to do right by the men and women who never hesitate to do right 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.000 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7870 November 10, 2015 
by us. He has sent important legisla-
tion to the Senate floor that we have been able to pass on a bipartisan basis and that the President has signed into law. 
One law we passed would improve the 
Veterans Choice Program, for instance, while another, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, would help reduce the tragedies that befall too many of our heroes and the heartbreak that befalls too many of their families. 
Important Veterans’ Affairs Com-
mittee oversight has also been brought to bear on an agency that has lost the trust of many it serves; that is, the VA. 
Of course, there is much more to be 
done. Veterans deserve the very best, and the VA crisis will not be resolved easily or quickly, but working to-gether, there is a lot we can do for the men and women who risk their all for their country. 
One way to do so is by passing the 
Veterans funding bill that is before us. It is a result of great work by another champion of veterans, Senator K
IRK, 
chair of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Sub-committee. Just like Senator I
SAK-
SON’s Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the 
subcommittee led by the Senator from Illinois has done great work for vet-erans in sending important legislation such as this to the floor. We will pass one important measure today. 
Senator K
IRK’s bill would fund the 
health care and the benefits our vet-erans rely on. It would support mili-tary families by funding the housing, schools, and health facilities that sus-tain them. It would provide support for medical research, for women’s health, and for veterans suffering from trau-matic brain injury. And in Kentucky, it would provide funding for a special operations headquarters at Fort Camp-bell, for educational facilities at Fort Knox, and for design work for a new medical center in Louisville. 
Senator K
IRK’s bill would also fund 
reforms designed to help address the crisis we have seen at the VA. These reforms would allow for greater na-tional and regional progress in reduc-ing claims backlogs, and they would deploy important protections for whis-tleblowers as well. 
It is obvious why our veterans de-
serve this bill right now, so let’s not wait a moment longer. Let’s pass this important legislation later today. The men and women who have worn our uniform have had to wait long enough for it already. 
We will also turn to legislation today 
for the men and women who currently wear our uniform and have had to wait too long for it. 
When Senator M
CCAINsays that it is 
the first duty of the Federal Govern-ment to protect the Nation, he means it. He knows what it means to serve. He knows what it means to sacrifice. And in his role as chair of the Armed Services Committee, he worked hard to craft a bipartisan Defense authoriza-tion bill with input from both parties. It would transform bureaucratic 
waste into crucial investments for our troops and their families, like the raises they have earned and the quality of life programs they deserve. 
It would provide hope for wounded 
warriors and extend a hand of compas-sion to heroes who struggle with men-tal health challenges. 
It would also authorize a new med-
ical facility at Fort Knox, an impor-tant project I have championed lit-erally for years. 
And at a time when our country faces 
the most ‘‘diverse and complex array of crises’’ since the Second World War, as Henry Kissinger observed, Senator M
CCAIN’s bill would help position our 
military to confront the challenges of tomorrow as it offers support to the men and women serving in harm’s way today. 
The Defense authorization bill is leg-
islation we typically consider every year. It is legislation that typically passes with broad bipartisan support. We expect that to finally happen again today. We expect the President to fi-nally sign it this time. 
This should have been allowed to 
happen a whole lot sooner. We all know the unfortunate and unnecessary road-blocks the Defense authorization bill has faced this year. We all know the President decided to veto the version of the bill we passed last month. That veto is particularly unfortunate and puzzling, given the two chief concerns the President cited when he vetoed it. No. 1, he said he was concerned that the bill relied upon contingency fund-ing to meet the Department’s oper-ational costs. No. 2, he said he was con-cerned that the bill again contained a clear, bipartisan prohibition on moving Guantanamo Bay terrorists into our local communities. 
But the bill really hasn’t changed 
much since then, and the top line has now been settled by the bipartisan budget agreement. Either way, we look forward to the Senate passing this es-sentially unchanged legislation and the President’s signing the bipartisan bill, along with—along with—its restric-tions against bringing terrorists into the United States, into law. 
This bill will include restrictions on 
bringing terrorists into the United States, and he is going to sign it. That is the right thing for our men and women in uniform, and that is the right thing for our country. 
Before I leave the floor, I wish to un-
derline a point I just referenced. This morning the Senate will pass two bills. It will pass a Veterans funding bill that supports Americans who have already served their country, and it will pass a Defense authorization bill that sup-ports Americans who are currently serving. Each of these bills contains a clear, bipartisan prohibition on the President moving Guantanamo Bay terrorists into the backyards of the American people. Both of these bills in-clude restrictions on moving terrorists into our country. The Senate has voted many times 
over the years to enact these bipar-tisan prohibitions. We have enacted them in Congresses with split party control. We have enacted them in Con-gresses with massive, overwhelming Democratic majorities. And, today, the Congress elected by the American peo-ple will express itself clearly one more time—not once, but twice—today. 
The President may not like this bi-
partisan action. It may conflict with a campaign slogan from 8 or 9 years ago. But here is how one Senator put it: ‘‘Congress’ job is to pass legislation. The President can veto it or he can sign it.’’ That was then-Senator Obama as he was criticizing the idea of doing an ‘‘end-run around Congress.’’ 
‘‘I believe in the Constitution,’’ he 
said at the time—Senator Obama— ‘‘and I will obey the Constitution of the United States,’’ said Senator Obama. Those were his words then. They should guide his actions now. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIA-TIONS BILL 
Mr. REID. Madam President, as I 
mentioned yesterday morning, the Re-publican leader is right about a lot of what he talked about regarding the Military Construction-VA-HUD legisla-tion, but the one thing he just glossed over is that as a result of our holding firm—we as a Democratic caucus hold-ing firm—the veterans now have $2 bil-lion more than they would have, had we followed the Republicans’ lead—$2 billion more—allowing 70,000 veterans to be treated who wouldn’t have been otherwise. So we are satisfied that this bill is a good bill, and it is a good bill because veterans are getting $2 billion more. There are other reasons, of course. I think the bipartisan support we got for the bill was important, but for our veterans, the most important part was $2 billion extra. 
f 
FIFTH CIRCUIT COURT 
IMMIGRATION DECISION 
Mr. REID. Madam President, the 
Fifth Circuit Court’s decision yester-day was a political move that ignores past precedents on Executive action on immigration. 
The Republicans have spoken out 
against the President’s action on what he has done on immigration. Why did he do it? Because he was trapped. He had to do it because the Republicans refused to legislate. 
And like every President before him, 
President Obama has a legal right to establish clear immigration enforce-ment priorities and allocate resources accordingly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.001 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7871 November 10, 2015 
But the attorney general of Texas 
and 25 other Republican Governors and attorneys general filed a lawsuit stat-ing that the President had exceeded his authority. This decision affects mil-lions of American families who are now subject to being torn apart, and as many as 5 million immigrants could be set for mass deportation. 
I expect the administration will 
swiftly appeal this decision to the Su-preme Court and that the Court will find the actions lawful. It is sad that Republicans are wasting their time talking about mass deportation when they could be doing things to solve the problem, such as passing a bill that re-forms our immigration system once and for all. The Republican Party has neglected the lessons of the 2012 elec-tions and has plunged over a cliff fol-lowing Donald Trump, Ben Carson, and the others. 
The Executive actions were neither a 
complete nor a permanent solution to the problems plaguing the immigration system, but they were a commonsense step in the face of inaction. 
As Judge Carolyn Dineen King stated 
in her dissent very clearly, ‘‘a mistake has been made.’’ So it is now up to the U.S. Supreme Court to correct this grave mistake—a mistake that sets not only a dangerous precedent but one that is bad for families, bad for our communities, and bad for the future prosperity of our country. Again, as Judge King said, ‘‘a mistake has been made.’’ 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
Mr. REID. Madam President, today I 
want to address more directly the Re-publican leader’s remarks that he gave yesterday regarding the Iran nuclear agreement. In short, no matter how Republicans misrepresent the Iran nu-clear agreement, the agreement brought about the long-sought goal of preventing Iran from having a nuclear weapon. The agreement is nothing more, nothing less. It prevents Iran from having a nuclear weapon. 
f 
HOSTING PRIME MINISTER 
NETANYAHU 
Mr. REID. Madam President, later 
today the Republican leader and I will host Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, as we have done on many other occa-sions. It is always a pleasure to meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu and re-affirm America’s longstanding commit-ment to the security of Israel. Israel knows it has an ally in the United States—in fact, no greater ally in the world than our great country. 
While some Republicans in Congress 
are trying to drive a false narrative of acrimony between the United States and Israel, I choose to see the full pic-ture, and the full picture is one of strengthened cooperation and shared interests. 
Israel has always and will always de-
pend on the United States to be by its side. That is why the United States and 
Israel are negotiating right now a new 10-year memorandum of understanding on security assistance. Much of yester-day’s meeting between the President of the United States and the Prime Min-ister of Israel centered on the contin-ued assistance we would provide Israel. Israel’s interests have always been pro-tected by the United States in matters that come before the United Nations, as Israel has always protected the in-terests of the United States before the United Nations. 
In recent years we have seen how res-
olutions before the United Nations General Assembly and the U.N. Human Rights Council have unfairly targeted the people of Israel. The administra-tion has denounced such efforts, but we also stand against Palestinian at-tempts to use the United Nations to go around a negotiated peace process. Wherever, whenever, and however, the United States will always stand by Israel. 
f 
VETERANS DAY 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I share 
the Republican leader’s hope that we can conclude the Military Construc-tion-VA bill later this morning. I com-mend the managers of that legislation for doing a good job. There is no Sen-ator I admire more than J
ONTESTER  
from Montana, and he has been ably leading the direction of this bill. 
I join with the Republican leader as 
we honor our veterans tomorrow on Veterans Day. 
Madam President, I just want to take 
a brief minute to talk about a veteran, whom I look to with admiration. 
Today the chaplain gave a prayer 
saying that he prayed for veterans who have already left us and those veterans who are still alive. 
My town is Searchlight, NV, a little 
tiny town with not a lot of people in it. It has been that way for a long time. For a brief period Searchlight was big-ger than Las Vegas. It had 3,000 people there. 
During World War II a young man 
who was already married and had chil-dren went to a movie with his wife in Las Vegas. He came out of the movies and told his wife: I think I have to join. He didn’t have to, but he felt he had to. 
So this young man joined the U.S. 
Army Air Corps, which is now the U.S. Air Force. It was a huge sacrifice for him and his family. He traveled with his wife and children to Georgia where he did his training and then went to the European theater as a pilot. 
He served gallantly, bombing, straf-
ing, and all the other things you did in the air in World War II. He had been through 68 different missions. He was through. But as happens sometimes in life, things develop that change your life. He volunteered for one more flight because one of the other pilots was un-able to go. 
On his 69th flight, somewhere over 
Belgium, Bill Nellis, the boy from Searchlight, was shot down. He is still 
there. That is where his grave is. 
I know his family. I know his son 
Gary and his Aunt Thelma, whom I knew in Searchlight. 
This good man was so gallant in the 
eyes of people from Nevada that a pre-vious congressional delegation, in con-junction with the President of the United States, decided it would be ap-propriate to name the Las Vegas Gun-nery School, as it was called at that time, Nellis Air Force Base. 
Today Nellis Air Force Base, named 
after this man from Searchlight, is the finest Air Force fighter training facil-ity in the world. Thousands and thou-sands of people serve there. 
It was originally on the outskirts of 
Las Vegas. Now it is in Las Vegas in a very populated area. No one complains about it. We are so proud of that Air Force base. It is a huge facility that has the finest gunnery range for Air Force pilots in the world. We have ex-ercises there every year where pilots from all over the world bring their own aircraft from Australia, Great Britain, and other places to train there. 
We in Nevada are very proud of Nellis 
Air Force Base, as is the entire mili-tary complex in the United States. It is a wonderful facility. Tomorrow is the day we honor Bill Nellis and the other gallant people who have served and are serving in the U.S. military. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness this morning. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2029, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations 
for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Kirk/Tester amendment No. 2763, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Kirk amendment No. 2764 (to amendment 
No. 2763), to clarify the term ‘‘congressional defense committees.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Utah. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. RES. 312 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I rise 
today to support and to request the Senate’s approval of this resolution, which would designate the second week of November as National Pregnancy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.006 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7872 November 10, 2015 
Center Week in honor of the lifesaving 
and life-affirming work of America’s community-supported pregnancy cen-ters. 
I am asking for my colleague’s unani-
mous consent because there is abso-lutely nothing contentious about this resolution, S. Res. 312, nor is there any-thing contentious about the pregnancy resource centers commemorated by this resolution. 
There are approximately 2,500 preg-
nancy resource centers in America. Every single day they serve an average of 65,000 women and men faced with challenging pregnancy decisions, pro-viding them with a wide array of re-sources. That includes, at many cen-ters, health care services such as preg-nancy tests, ultrasounds, and testing for STDs and STIs. It includes emo-tional and educational support such as options counseling and parenting class-es. It includes material and logistical assistance to help new moms and dads deal with all the little things that eas-ily add up to big obstacles in the first few weeks and months of parenthood. 
America’s pregnancy resource cen-
ters aren’t out to make a profit nor are they out there to push a particular po-litical agenda. They are just there to help and to do so in a way that is com-passionate, considerate of individual privacy, and respectful of the equal dignity of all human life. 
Any way you look at it, America’s 
pregnancy resource centers deserve our recognition and they deserve our re-spect and our gratitude. The real meas-ure of their significance isn’t in the words of a floor speech in the Senate or the outcome of a vote, it is in the thou-sands of lives they help save from the pain of abortion every year and in the millions of teachers, soldiers, nurses, neighbors, friends, and spouses whose lives and contributions to our commu-nities we might never have known had it not been for the unassuming heroes down at the local pregnancy center who give their time to keep the lights on, answer the phones, and help young women find the hope and the courage to choose life. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 312, submitted earlier today; that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, re-
serving the right to object, I would ask the Senator to modify his request and offer a resolution that actually helps to move women’s health and rights for-ward. 
Simply put, the resolution that the 
Senator has offered is more of the same. It is another effort to pander to the extreme Republican base by using women’s health and constitutionally protected rights as a political football. 
Unfortunately, it makes it clear for the umpteenth time that when it comes to improving access to affordable health care for women, some Republicans are determined to stand in the way of progress. 
I expect that some of my Republican 
colleagues will say this resolution shows how much they care about wom-en’s health. The truth is it shows the opposite. It shows once again that the Republican Party wants to interfere in a woman’s medical decision. Strength-ening women’s health care doesn’t start with telling women what they should and should not do with their own bodies, but that is exactly what that resolution does. 
If my Republican colleagues really 
want to support women’s reproductive care, they would work with Democrats on improving access to affordable birth control under the Affordable Care Act, including emergency contraceptives, ensuring women and families make their own decisions about their health care—not their bosses—and fighting back against efforts across the country to undermine women’s constitutionally protected health care rights. 
It is time for Republicans to drop the 
political attacks on women’s health and instead join Democrats to focus on these priorities and more like them, so that women—not politicians, not insur-ance companies, not CFOs or CEOs— are in control of their health care, as it should be. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. RES. 37 
That is why I ask the Senator to 
modify his request and instead ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 37, and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration; that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, there is nothing divisive about this resolution I have of-fered today, nothing divisive whatso-ever. 
This simply seeks recognition of the 
great work that is performed by the men and women who staff these preg-nancy centers. There is nothing about it that is a political football, nothing about it that is designed to drive a wedge. 
Unlike our resolution, the resolution 
I submitted today, S. Res. 312, which mainly commends community volun-teers around the country for helping young mothers and their children— hardly divisive—the Senator’s counter-proposal is divisive and controversial. My cosponsors and I only wanted to recognize the life-affirming and life-saving work, the kind of work that brings families and communities to-gether the counterproposal would only pull Americans further apart and fur-ther away from the more humane and 
compassionate society that all Ameri-cans deserve. 
If calling for recognition of these 
brave and noble men and women who serve people at pregnancy centers around the country is divisive, we have significant problems, but the fact is, it is not. I would encourage anyone with-in the sound of my voice to read S. Res. 312, and they will discover it is not the least bit divisive and doesn’t discuss anything that is the least bit con-troversial. 
On that basis, I can’t agree with the 
modification, and I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard to the modification. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest? 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
object to the original request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Maryland. 
ARMED SERVICES AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
rise to speak as in morning business in terms of the bill we will be voting on at 11:20 a.m. today, the armed services au-thorization, as well as what we are going to be voting on this afternoon, which is veterans health care. They ac-tually go hand in hand and what a great set of votes in a symmetry that shows our support for national secu-rity, our support for our U.S. military, our support for our U.S. military who are on Active Duty today, and then also for our veterans who in their hearts are always on Active Duty. 
Today we have the ability to actually 
show we can govern, we can pass bills on a bipartisan basis that will help our country be able to defend itself, show our support to the U.S. military, and honor our commitment to the vet-erans. I am looking forward to voting on the armed services authorization be-cause it does give the tools we need to be able to defend ourselves. I commend Senators M
CCAINand J ACK REED for 
their excellent work. 
Madam President, I wish to speak 
now as the vice chair of the Appropria-tions Committee. I am so excited that we are bringing the MILCON-VA bill to the Senate. I have been voting for vet-erans ever since I have come to Con-gress. Veterans are our Nation’s he-roes. They put their lives on the line to fight for our freedom. They have made tremendous sacrifices for our country. Whether it is veterans who are still alive from World War II, those who fought on Pork Chop Hill during the Korean war, the Vietnam war at Mekong Delta, and of course Desert Storm, Iraq, and Afghanistan, we owe our veterans a debt of gratitude. We want to show our gratitude not only with words and yellow ribbons but with deeds. I believe the best deed is to make sure we adequately fund the Vet-
erans’ Administration to end the back-log for disability benefits—if you fought on the frontlines, you shouldn’t stand in line to get your disability ben-efits—and to robustly fund veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.008 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7873 November 10, 2015 
health care, along with other benefits 
this Congress has so authorized. 
We have accomplished a lot over the 
years working for our veterans, and we will have a lot to do with what is in our legislation. I wish to commend the sub-committee chair, Senator M
ARK KIRK, 
and our vice chair, Senator J ON 
TESTER , for the work they have done. 
As we were working on our bill this summer and through the spring, vet-erans told me and they told them that the Senate funding was too spartan; that we were underfunding our vet-erans and not just by a few dollars but by $850 million. So we held it up, not as a parliamentary ping-pong, not as a parliamentary temper tantrum but as a way of saying our veterans need more money. 
As a result of the budget agreement, 
we are able to do this. We are on the floor today where an amendment will be offered by Senators K
IRK and 
TESTER to add $2 billion for veterans 
health care, $2 billion to be determined by the Secretary. 
What do we look forward to? Well, 
lifesaving drugs. One of course is this issue of being able to pay for hepatitis C; the other, while we are looking at actual hands-on medical care, we want to reduce the wait times. There is too much waiting at the Veterans’ Admin-istration, whether you are waiting for your disability claim or you are wait-ing to see your doctor or your mental health counselor or your ophthalmol-ogist. We need to be able to reduce the wait times, and this is what part of this $2 billion will do. 
Then there are those who are not 
only chronically ill from the wounds of war but are chronically and devastat-ingly injured. So we looked at those who are unable to care for themselves but are being cared for at home by loved ones. This will add more funds to be able to help those caregivers who are stepping up for their responsibility. So they are taking family responsi-bility, but we have to take USA re-sponsibility. That is what we fought for in the $2 billion. 
I urge my colleagues to move ahead 
and be able to vote for this bill. I do be-lieve this legislation, by adding the money and the kind of excellent work that has been done by our authorizers, the insistence of good provisions being put into the bill—we are going to shrink that VA backlog. Also, we are going to do something else. We are going to advance funding for manda-tory veterans’ benefits. So no matter what government means, if we ever get into more shutdown, slamdown, slow-down politics due to us, the veterans’ benefits will go forward. 
I have been working on this backlog 
for a long time. By the time we got to March 2013, we were at a national standoff. There were over 600,000 claims pending. In Maryland we had one of the worst claims offices in my own home-town of Baltimore. I couldn’t believe it. When I met with my Veterans Advi-sory Board and stories poured out of the kinds of calls that were coming 
into my Constituent Services Offices, not only were they waiting in line— this isn’t like just standing in line at the supermarket, this is for disability benefits, for people who are in danger of losing their homes and other kinds of things. So we went to work on a bi-partisan basis. I am proud of what we did. I am proud of our authorizers. 
I see Senator I
SAKSON from Georgia 
is on the floor. He was a big part of the reform effort. It shows our military knows how to win wars, but we need to know how we can govern so they don’t have to fight a war with the VA bu-reaucracy. We hope we will be able to make these reforms. We are not going to throw money at it. We are going to insist on metrics. 
The last point I wish to talk about is 
the advance appropriations. People will say: Aren’t VA benefits mandatory? They are unless we get into one of our parliamentary ping-pong debates. 
So I worked with the Disabled Vet-
erans of America and a coalition of sev-eral voluntary veterans service organi-zations—great groups: the American Legion, Vietnam Veterans and Iraq and Iran Veterans of America. They asked me to add advance appropriations to the omnibus 1 year in advance—mak-ing sure we funded things 1 year in ad-vance—protecting them from shutdown and slamdown politics. We were able to do that again, and I hope we can do that again this year. 
I know I have other colleagues on the 
floor who wish to speak now, but I wish to say we can really show we not only know how to fight for America and its security, but we know how to fight for those who do the fighting. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
rise on the eve of Veterans Day to urge my colleagues to support the fiscal year 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill. 
This marks the first time in 2 years 
that we have had the opportunity to debate, amend, and vote on this impor-tant legislation on the Senate floor. It is vital to those who serve and to those who have served our Nation. 
I first learned to honor our veterans 
from my father. My father is a World War II veteran who was wounded twice in the Battle of the Bulge and earned his Purple Heart and his Bronze Star. It was he who would take me to the pa-rades on Veterans Day and on Memo-rial Day and boost me high on his shoulders. From the best vantage point in the parade, I would watch our vet-erans march by. He taught me of their sacrifice and that we have a never-end-ing obligation to thank those who wore the uniform of our country. 
Passing this bill fulfills important 
obligations that we owe to our Nation’s 22 million veterans, 127,000 of whom live in the great State of Maine. It sends an important message to our vet-erans: We will honor the sacrifices that you made and are making on our be-
half. It would be a mistake to send the opposite message by further postponing or delaying consideration and final pas-sage of this important bill before we celebrate our veterans, honor, and re-member them tomorrow. 
As a member of the Military Con-
struction and Veterans Affairs Sub-committee, I know this bill before us now is the result of bipartisan com-promise. I commend the leadership of Chairman K
IRKand Ranking Member 
TESTER , who have worked hand in hand 
to craft the managers’ amendment that they will be bringing before us today. 
In May of this year, the Appropria-
tions Committee reported this funding bill by a strong vote of 21 to 9. Since then the Bipartisan Budget Act has been enacted, which provides needed additional resources to fund vital na-tional priorities and that will be re-flected in the managers’ amendment. The managers’ substitute would pro-vide a total of $79.7 billion in funding, which I would note represents more than $1 billion more than the Presi-dent’s budget request. 
This bill increases funding for our 
veterans in areas where they need it most, including mental health care and benefit claims processing, two issues which the Senator from Maryland has been so active in resolving. This bill also includes funds aimed at reducing veterans homelessness. This is a spe-cial priority of mine as the chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Sub-committee. I worked with Senator M
URRAY on this issue, and we have 
made real progress—exciting progress— in reducing the number of homeless veterans across this country through the VASH Program, but there is still more work to be done. In addition, this bill includes $270 million in funding for the Office of Rural Health, through which the Access Received Closer to Home or the ARCH Program is funded. In five pilot States in which it oper-ates, ARCH ensures that rural vet-erans, who often have a very difficult time accessing the regular VA health care system—particularly the VA hos-pitals—can receive care closer to where they live and where their families live. 
I will never forget the story shared 
with me by a Maine veteran who broke his hip during a terrible snow storm and needed urgent care. The ARCH pro-gram, located at Cary Memorial Hos-pital in Caribou, ME, ensured he could receive the care he needed in his com-munity and close to his family, rather than enduring a 4-hour drive over bumpy winter roads during a ferocious snow storm to the Togas VA Medical Center in Augusta, ME. ARCH has made a tremendous difference for our veterans and continues to help those who live in rural communities and who are facing similar challenges and emer-gencies. 
The managers’ substitute also in-
creases Veterans Affairs medical serv-ices by nearly $2 billion, including $10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.011 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7874 November 10, 2015 
million for programs supporting care-
givers. We all know of the wonderful work that Elizabeth Dole has done in this area, and I have been very pleased to join with my colleague Senator P
ATTY MURRAY in introducing the Mili-
tary and Veteran Caregiver Services Improvement Act. The bill before us is going to help provide benefits for those who shoulder the responsibilities asso-ciated with long-term care for criti-cally injured veterans. This bill would expand comprehensive caregiver bene-fits for those who take on those respon-sibilities. 
I would note, Madam President, that 
the Senator from Wisconsin, Senator B
ALDWIN , and I have a broader bill 
dealing with caregivers that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions is considering and I hope will be approving shortly. 
In addition to the vital funds for vet-
erans programs, this bill also funds military construction projects, which unfortunately had been adversely af-fected—cut, delayed, deferred—as a re-sult of the budget caps and the impact of sequestration. Therefore, I am par-ticularly pleased this bill includes $7.2 million in funding needed to repair, renovate, and upgrade the 101st Air Re-fueling Wing’s fire and crash rescue station in Bangor, ME. This is funding for which I have strongly advocated, and I thank the managers for including it the bill. The 101st ‘‘MAINEiacs’’ pro-vide critical 24/7 air and ground refuel-ing services that support local military operations, and this funding will strengthen their capabilities. 
I would note, Madam President, that 
I recently met with General Breedlove, our NATO commander, and he told me he refueled at Bangor, ME, on his way back from Europe recently. 
Madam President, I could go on and 
on about the important programs and priorities in this bill. They are essen-tial to providing what we owe to our servicemembers and our veterans: safe and reliable infrastructure so that our troops can complete the missions they are assigned, access to medical care, earned compensation and benefits, and assistance to help our veterans success-fully transition to their civilian lives. 
Tomorrow, on Veterans Day, our Na-
tion will pause to honor all those who served. Today, we have the opportunity to say to the American people, to our veterans, and to those who are consid-ering military service to our Nation that no matter what partisan issues 
may divide us, we stand united in ful-filling our commitment to those who serve and those who have served. 
We can send that message by passing 
this measure and sending to the Presi-dent a funding bill that takes care of our servicemembers, our veterans and their families, and that honors their service to our great country. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. (At the request of Mr. M
CCONNELL , 
the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
∑Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
wish to support the Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs and Related 
Agencies Appropriations Act. This bi-partisan bill provides critical resources for our active military, veterans, and their families. 
The courage and sacrifice that define 
our soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, coastguardsmen, and all servicemembers over the years cannot be understated. Major chapters in our Nation’s rich history have been and continue to be written by our brave servicemen and women, many of whom hail from Louisiana. 
The very least we can do in return is 
keep our commitments to them. It is our obligation to fund veterans’ health care and benefits, and this bill does just that while also making necessary reforms to the scandal-plagued Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
Our Louisiana veterans have waited a 
long, long time to have efficient access to effective health care, and they de-serve much better than what has been handed to them. That is why I have worked for years to authorize new VA clinics and build interim clinics in southwest Louisiana, including one in Lake Charles, LA, that is expected to open before the Thanksgiving holiday. 
The latest National Defense Author-
ization measure has been revised to re-flect the recent budget deal, which modified the spending caps for both base and war defense spending. In light of these changes, I firmly believe the administration should honor past statements that current military re-ductions are due to defense budget cuts stemming from sequestration, which have now been postponed for 2 years. 
It is critically important to recognize 
that the newly revised 2-year budget deal provides necessary relief for the Department of Defense and allows a much-needed opportunity to avoid fur-ther cuts to the Active-Duty Army’s troop strength. Since 2013, the U.S. Army alone has decreased troop strength 21 percent. That is both dan-gerous and unacceptable. 
I have fought against dangerously 
steep drawdowns and was proud to fight this issue on the Senate floor last year. The United States cannot afford continued troop cuts at a time when military leaders say that we are facing an unprecedented number of threats. 
I urge my colleagues to support our 
military and to support this bipartisan bill. ∑ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VETERANS DAY  
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, 
this Veterans Day we pause to honor the men and women in our military who stepped up to fight for our freedom and to protect our families. In my home State of Washington, we have a lot to be thankful for. More than 600,000 of our friends, our neighbors, and our family members have bravely 
served their country. 
As the daughter of a World War II 
veteran, I know the sacrifice it takes to keep our country safe and protect our values. Thanks to my father and the countless other veterans I have had the honor of meeting, I believe that when brave individuals sign up to serve our country, we must fulfill our prom-ise to support them when they come home. We should honor our veterans by showing them we have their backs long after the war is over. 
While I would like to stand here and 
say that our country is doing every-thing we can for the people we owe the most to and that we are fulfilling the promise we made to them when we sent them off to fight for us, I believe our 
work is far from over. Though Congress passed a sweeping bill last year to pro-vide new resources and add more ac-countability to the VA, I continue to hear from veterans across my home State of Washington about care that is falling short. Despite structural changes at the VA, veterans are still waiting on surgeries and MRIs and on-cology appointments, mental health screenings, you name it. Our veterans have already fought for our country. They should not have to fight to get their health care or the benefits they were promised, so we have to fight on their behalf. 
As the senior member of the Senate 
Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I am committed to making this country work better for our veterans. Even though there are challenges, there is hope. Just 2 weeks ago, we successfully passed the Homeless Veterans Services Protection Act out of the Senate to make sure a VA policy change doesn’t cut off services and force veterans onto the street. That bill cleared one hurdle; now I call on my colleagues in the House to get this done. 
I am also fighting to end the VA’s 
outdated ban on fertility services for veterans so they can start families. There is absolutely no reason to deny this service for members of our mili-tary, especially when they are injured while fighting for our country. And I believe we must extend the critically important military caregiver support services program to veterans of all eras—a program that enables injured veterans to recover and stay in their homes with their families instead of being in a hospital or a nursing home. 
Madam President, these aren’t the 
only things I am working on. Because our veterans kept their end of the bar-gain, we have to keep ours. That means they should have access to mental health care to help deal with the often invisible wounds of war. That means a solid path to a college degree. That means job training programs and tran-sitional services so that veterans have a path to good careers after their mili-tary service is complete. These things aren’t about going above and beyond; they are the bare minimum of what our country should be doing to fulfill its promise to care for our veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.013 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7875 November 10, 2015 
So as our country recommits to that 
promise this Veterans Day, I want to let veterans know in my home State of Washington and across the country that I will not stop fighting for them. I again want to express my heartfelt thanks to all the veterans around the country who have served and for all who are still serving today. 
I call on all of my colleagues and fel-
low citizens to honor our veterans every day of the year with the kind of action that shows them we are grateful for their service. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I 
want to thank Senator K
IRKand Sen-
ator T ESTER for their outstanding work 
on this appropriations bill; Senator M
URRAY for her cooperation and help 
on caregivers and so many programs in the committee; and Senator C
OLLINS  
and her work on MILCON. I want to en-courage all my fellow Members of the Senate to vote favorably on this legis-lation when it comes before us later today. 
I want everyone to stop, take a deep 
breath, and think about three things: No. 1, today is the 240th anniversary of the United States Marine Corps—the strongest veterans we have, veterans who fought and died for us around the world for 2
1⁄2centuries. Tomorrow, at 
the eleventh hour, on the eleventh day of the eleventh month, we celebrate the armistice of World War I and Vet-erans Day in America. And today on the floor of the Senate, we are fixing some problems that have confronted our veterans for the better part of the last 10 years. As the Members of the committee who are on the floor know, the VA literally almost collapsed 2 years ago. Health services in Phoenix, AZ, were a disaster. People were cheat-ing on appointments and shortening veteran times to make themselves look better. The VA had a reputation of being the worst agency in the Federal government. 
Now, I don’t take credit for it as 
chairman, but I will tell you what your committee members have done—mem-bers like Senator T
ESTER and Senator 
MURRAY . Instead of complaining about 
people, instead of putting targets on the wall and saying they are the prob-lem, we decided to be part of the solu-tion. I want to recite for just a second what has happened in the last 10 months. 
No. 1, we passed the Clay Hunt Sui-
cide Prevention for American Veterans Act, and this bill funds it. It will help to reduce the number of suicides. Today, 22 veterans per day commit sui-cide, and we want that reduced to a perfect score of zero at some point in time. But you do that only by invest-ing funds, hiring psychiatrists, and making a commitment. This Senate and the House have done so. 
We had an overrun of $1.428 billion— 
more than I can count to—in the Den-ver hospital the VA was trying to build. They were 13 years into con-
struction and not even half finished. This committee said that will not stand. We passed legislation to com-plete the funding by taking the money out of VA without additional appro-priations from the Congress, and more importantly we got the VA out of the construction business. We said: You guys are supposed to take care of the health of our veterans, not—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority time has expired, Senator. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have 3 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. TESTER. I just need about 1 
minute, J
OHNNY —sorry, the Senator 
from Georgia. You can have every-thing, but just give me 1 minute. 
Mr. ISAKSON. How much time re-
mains? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Approxi-
mately 2
1⁄2minutes, Senator. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Well, let me just give 
you the closing, and I will leave all the juicy parts for later on. We will talk about those in the press release. 
The story that should be read about 
this appropriations bill is we are not letting our veterans down. We are up-lifting our veterans, and we are seeing to it they get what they deserve. We are seeing to it that the problems we have seen illustrated in the papers of the United States of America are being fixed. 
The VA is a work in progress. There 
will still be problems but not because of attitude or lack of funding and not because of a lack of commitment by this Congress. We are going to do what our veterans did for us. We are going to stand ground, we are going to take the hill, we are going to hold the hill, and we are going to see to it that those who fought and died for the United States of America are rewarded, not only for themselves and for their health care but for their retirement benefits and for their loved ones as well. 
I commend Senator T
ESTER on what 
he has done, Senator K IRKfor what he 
has done, and all the members of the committee. 
I yield back the remainder of the 
time to the distinguished Senator from Montana, who can call me J
OHNNY any 
time he wants to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I 
thank the Senator from Georgia. I ap-preciate his comments and very much thank him for the compliments. This MILCON–VA appropriations bill is a critically important bill. Why? Because we are demanding a lot from the VA. In order to demand a lot, we need to give them the tools and resources they need to be successful. It would be totally un-fair to put them on the line without the resources they need to take care of our veterans. 
That is important because today we 
have unprecedented demand. Not only are our Vietnam veterans getting older, not only do they need services 
like never before, but we have been at war for 15 years in the Middle East, and we have folks coming back with com-plex injuries. We have men and women who need help when they get back. Some of these veterans would not have survived if they had been in any other war but this one. So the pressure on the VA is incredibly important, and if we are going to fix the access problem, if we are going to serve our veterans in the way they need to be served, we need to pass this bill. 
Let me finish with a quick story. Not 
long ago a guy by the name of Henry— a Vietnam vet from Helena, MT— walked into my office. Henry fought in Vietnam. He was awarded four Purple Hearts for his combat and for his sac-rifice. Henry walked into my office, sat down across from my staff member, and said: I can’t live any more. Henry was in trouble. He had behavioral health problems that he needed profes-sional help to get fixed. We were able to get him to the VA. The VA had a be-havioral health professional who was able to help Henry, and Henry is living a good life today. 
Our veterans deserve no less than to 
make sure they get the help they need when they need it, and that is what this bill is about. So we will be voting on a managers’ package soon, and then we will be voting on passing this bill and getting it to the President’s desk. Hopefully, we can do it with a strong, healthy vote—a unanimous vote, as a matter of fact—because this is an im-portant bill not only for military con-struction but also for veterans. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RELATING TO PROVISIONS OF THE 
BORDER PATROL AGENT PAY REFORM ACT OF 2014 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Chair lays be-fore the Senate the House message to accompany S. 1356, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 
1356) entitled ‘‘An Act to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effec-tive regulations relating to such provisions,’’ do pass with an amendment. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —H. CON. RES. 
90 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate proceeds to the consideration of H. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.014 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7876 November 10, 2015 
Con. Res. 90, as under the previous 
order, it be in order for me to offer an amendment to the resolution; further, that the amendment be agreed to and all other provisions under the previous order remain in effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, I 
move to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 1356. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 20 minutes equally divided prior to a vote on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 1356. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, 
today the Senate will once again con-sider the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. This legislation passed the House last week in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 370 to 58. I hope we will have a similarly resounding vote here today. 
Today’s vote would not be possible 
without the hard work of Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY , chairman of the 
House Armed Services Committee. It has been a privilege to work alongside him and the gentleman from Wash-ington, Congressman S
MITH, to produce 
a defense authorization bill worthy of the troops it supports. 
I thank my friend and colleague from 
Rhode Island, Senator R
EED, for his 
dedicated work on this legislation and his many substantive contributions that made this a better bill. 
I thank the majority leader, Senator 
M
CCONNELL , for bringing this legisla-
tion to the floor today and for his com-mitment throughout this process to en-suring we give our military the cer-tainty they need to plan and execute their missions. 
For 53 consecutive years, Congress 
has passed the National Defense Au-thorization Act. That is a testament to the vital importance of this legisla-tion, which provides the authorities and support necessary for our military to defend the Nation. But perhaps at no time in the last half century has this legislation been so critical. Our Nation confronts the most diverse and com-plex array of crises since the end of World War II—the rampage of ISIL’s terrorist army, Iran’s malign activities across the Middle East, Russia’s inva-sion of Ukraine and bloody interven-tion in Syria, China’s continued pat-tern of assertive behavior toward its neighbors in the Asia-Pacific, and the list goes on, including what appears to be the recent bombing of an airliner over Egypt which apparently caused the loss of 244 lives, apparently an act of terror of monumental consequences. 
Rising to the challenges of an in-
creasingly dangerous world requires bold reforms to national defense, and that is what this legislation delivers. The legislation is a reform bill. This legislation delivers the most sweeping reforms to our defense acquisition sys-tem in a generation. The NDAA mod-
ernizes a 70-year-old military retire-ment system and extends benefits to hundreds of thousands of servicemem-bers previously excluded under the old system. The legislation also makes sig-nificant reforms to Pentagon head-quarters and management to ensure that precious defense resources are fo-
cused on our warfighters rather than bloated staffs. The bill identifies $11 billion in excessive and unnecessary spending from that request and rein-vests those savings in critical national security priorities, including more fighter aircraft, accelerated ship-building, strengthening our cyber de-fenses, and $300 million in vital assist-ance to Ukraine to resist Russian ag-gression. 
We did all of this while upholding our 
commitments to our servicemembers, retirees, and their families. The NDAA reauthorizes over 30 special pays and bonuses, makes military health care more portable, increases access to ur-gent care facilities, strengthens sexual assault prevention and response, and knocks down bureaucratic obstacles to ensure servicemembers maintain ac-cess to the medicines they need as they transition from Active Duty. 
Finally, the legislation before us rec-
ognizes that a strong national defense requires supporting our friends and al-lies and responding to common threats. With Vladimir Putin on the march, the NDAA includes $300 million to help Ukraine resist Russian aggression, in-cluding $50 million for lethal assist-ance and counter-artillery radars. As China continues its aggressive behavior in the South China Sea, the NDAA will provide $50 million to assist and train our allies in the region to increase maritime security and the maritime domain awareness. As the Taliban mounts an offensive across Afghani-stan, the NDAA authorizes $3.8 billion for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund to preserve the gains of the past decade and continue to degrade and de-feat terrorists who want to attack the United States and our allies. 
This is an ambitious piece of legisla-
tion, but in the times we live, we can-not afford business as usual in the De-partment of Defense. To prepare our military to confront our present and future national security challenges, we must champion the cause of defense re-form, rigorously root out Pentagon waste, and invest in modernization and next-generation technologies to main-tain our military technological advan-tage. That is what this legislation is all about. 
Additionally, I would point out that 
as our citizenry and our voters are deeply frustrated and angry about our failure to get anything done here in the Congress of the United States, I would at least make the comment that our highest priority and responsibility is defending the Nation. I believe this leg-islation is an example of working not only on both sides of the aisle but on both sides of the Capitol. I would argue that this is the most significant reform 
legislation that has been passed in 30 years, but I would also tell my col-leagues that this is just the beginning. This is the beginning of a bipartisan ef-fort to reform the Pentagon, to reform the way we do business, to reform our priorities, and to reform the way the Pentagon was structured and our de-fense was structured. The last time it was reformed was 30 years ago under legislation called Goldwater-Nichols. Obviously, in the last 30 years that world situation has changed dramati-cally—dramatically. 
On a bipartisan basis, working across 
the aisle and across the Capitol, I can assure my colleagues that next year at about this time, they will be seeing legislation that will try to address the challenges we are now facing in the world—in a more chaotic world than we have seen since the end of World War II. That is not just J
OHNMCCAIN’s 
opinion; that is the opinion of every knowledgeable, respected national se-curity expert, ranging from Henry Kis-singer, to Madeleine Albright, to Zbigniew Brzezinski, to Brent Scow-croft and others. We have to have a re-formed Pentagon to meet the chal-lenges. One great example of that is cyber security. Thirty years ago there were no cyber attacks on the United States of America. Today it is one of the looming challenges we face. 
I intend to carry on in the long tradi-
tion of this committee in which the Senator from Rhode Island and I have worked in partnership in addressing these new challenges and these grave challenges to America’s security. 
I am proud of this legislation. Could 
we have done more? Yes. Were there different areas to which perhaps we should have paid more attention? Per-haps. But I would argue that this is the most significant reform legislation in the last 30 years. 
I thank my friend and colleague from 
Rhode Island. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I rise 
to speak in support of the revised Na-tional Defense Authorization Act con-ference report we have before us today. It is the result of months of collabo-rative work by the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee and a very thoughtful conference. I would like to join Chair-man M
CCAINand commend Chairman 
MACTHORNBERRY of Texas and Rank-
ing Member A DAM SMITH of Wash-
ington. The collaboration, the thought-fulness, and the consideration were ex-traordinary and outstanding through-out the conference process. 
I have to say that from my point of 
view, the reason we are here today most fundamentally is the leadership of Chairman M
CCAINon the committee. 
It was thoughtful, it was bipartisan, and it encouraged participation by all the members of the committee. There was vigorous debate and then there were votes, and that is the way this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.016 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7877 November 10, 2015 
committee and this Congress should 
operate. 
Ultimately, too, I think it reflected 
what the Chairman has always brought to his duties as a Member of the U.S. Senate and before that the U.S. House of Representatives and before that the U.S. Navy—understanding that what we do here ultimately reflects and in-fluences and shapes the service and sacrifice of millions of young Ameri-cans in uniform. The Chairman never forgets that. He has laid out some of the extraordinary reforms that have been included in this legislation, and he has also indicated that we will con-
tinue to work next year under his lead-ership on additional reforms. These re-forms in compensation, personnel poli-cies, and a host of others, are going to set us and our Department of Defense on a better path forward. Again, much of it is because of his leadership and his direction. 
Previously, the National Defense Au-
thorization bill came before the Senate and there was one area of major dis-agreement; that was the use of the overseas contingency operations fund. I must again thank the Chairman be-cause he allowed a vigorous debate, a vote on the floor, and ultimately and very satisfactorily this has been re-solved in the recent budget agreement. So now we have legislation before us that raises the annual budget cap of the Department of Defense and other agencies, and it allows our defense to be more forward-looking and more able to rationally budget going forward. I think this has given us both the budget authority and the proper direction so that we can have a much more stable and much more predictable future. Again, I think it will be a wonderful facilitator as we consider additional re-forms next year in the Defense Author-ization bill. 
The budget agreement also recog-
nizes the fact that one of the chal-lenges is not only those programs that are controlled by the Department of Defense but also other agencies that are involved in national security. Re-lief for those agencies is also impor-tant in carrying out the mission of the Department of Defense and protecting the American people. 
With this new NDAA, I think we have 
been able to keep our pledge to the men and women in uniform of the United States. 
Let me finally conclude where I 
began. I thank Chairman M
CCAIN, 
Chairman T HORNBERRY , and Ranking 
Member S MITH, but more particularly 
the staff. We who have the privilege of serving on the Armed Services Com-mittee understand the extraordinary hours, the effort, the insight, and the total commitment of not only the com-mittee staff members but the staffs of the individual members. Their efforts 
are reflected in this bill. It will not bear their names but, more impor-tantly, it will bear their work. For that I thank them very, very much. 
Let me urge all of my colleagues to 
support this bill, to join Senator M
CCAINand others so that for the 54th 
straight year we will have a National Defense Authorization Act that will be-come the law of the United States. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, earlier 
this year, I voted in opposition to the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Au-thorization Act, NDAA. Since the Sen-ate last voted on the fiscal year 2016 NDAA, Congress has passed and the President has signed the new Bipar-tisan Budget Act, which raised the dis-cretionary caps on spending across the government, averted a default, and pro-vided a path forward on appropriations. 
The Bipartisan Budget Act also en-
abled authors of the NDAA to fix a gimmick that called for spending from overseas contingency operations, OCO, funding to meet requirements that should have been supported by the De-partment’s base budget. I remain con-cerned, however, that, in order to meet the new caps, budgetary authority had to be cut from this bill. Specifically, I do not believe that readiness funds for the Army, the Army National Guard, and the Army Reserves should be slashed at the same time that many in this body are demanding more soldiers be sent to places like Eastern Europe. This authorization bill will spend hun-dreds of millions of dollars on unneeded and ineffective missile de-fense programs, for example, while cut-ting the training and preparation funds for the men and women we send over-seas. The bill also makes significant changes to the defense acquisition sys-tem and, inexplicably, cuts key provi-sions to support the National Guard that enjoyed support in both the Sen-ate and the House. 
But perhaps most importantly, I am 
concerned that, in this new version of the bill, Congress failed to reconsider the ill-advised restrictions on detainee transfers from Guantanamo Bay that are contained in this NDAA—restric-tions that President Obama cited as one reason for his veto of the original version of the bill last month. I op-posed passage of that conference report in part because it contained a needless prohibition on transferring detainees to the United States for detention or trial, and it imposed unnecessary re-strictions on transferring detainees to foreign countries. 
Rather than working to address these 
misguided provisions, Republicans in Congress have evidently decided to stand in the way of finally bringing this terrible chapter to a close. They are making a grave mistake. For over a decade, the detention facility at Guantanamo has been a stain on our national reputation and served as a re-cruitment tool for terrorists. Guanta-namo is also a tremendous waste of taxpayer dollars, costing approxi-mately $3.4 million per year to main-tain a single detainee—an astonishing amount of money that could be repurposed to keep our men and women in uniform safe. Closing Guantanamo is the morally and fiscally responsible thing to do, and I am deeply dis-
appointed that these restrictions have been included. That is why I was proud to cosponsor an amendment filed by Senator F
EINSTEIN to strip these trou-
bling provisions from the bill. 
The bill does include an extremely 
significant provision: the McCain-Fein-stein antitorture amendment. Last year, Senator F
EINSTEIN and the Sen-
ate Intelligence Committee did this country a great service in exposing the CIA’s horrific practices under the Bush administration. The McCain-Feinstein amendment is a major step toward fi-nally bringing to a close that dark, shameful chapter in our Nation’s his-tory. This provision finally codifies in statute the interrogation standards in the Army Field Manual—not just for military personnel, but for intelligence agents as well. It will clearly define ac-ceptable interrogation practices and will hopefully ensure that America never engages in torture again. 
Providing certainty for the Depart-
ment’s men and women and their fami-lies, as well as for military planners, is very important, and in significant ways, this bill accomplishes that. While this bill has shortcomings I hope we can address in the near future, I have given my support to its adoption and will only add that, in advance of Veterans Day and every day the men and women who serve and protect us deserve nothing less than the thanks of a grateful nation. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I 
wish to express reluctant support for the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act. 
Many parts of the agreement rep-
resent bipartisan consensus between Chairman M
CCAIN, Chairman T HORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member R EED, and 
Ranking Member A DAM SMITH. We all 
appreciate their hard work on those matters for our troops and their fami-lies. 
It provides well-deserved pay in-
creases to our uniformed and defense civilian workforce. It modernizes the personnel benefit system to include a government matched savings plan. It authorizes $300 million in assistance to Ukraine, of which $50 million may be lethal assistance. It codifies the Presi-dent’s Executive order against torture and ensures that interrogations follow the Army Field Manual. I wish to thank Senator M
CCAIN and Senator 
FEINSTEIN in particular for their lead-
ership on this issue. 
In addition, it extends the Afghan 
Special Immigrant Visa program so that we may continue to keep faith with foreign translators who risked their lives working with our troops. It authorizes a number of military con-struction projects around the world, in-cluding $29 million in family housing units at Rock Island Arsenal, IL. It re-authorizes the DOD–VA pilot program at North Chicago, the Lovell Federal Health Care Center. 
For these and many other reasons, I 
voted for the agreement, but it is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.018 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7878 November 10, 2015 
compromise, and I must express my op-
position to a few of its provisions. 
One of those points of disagreement 
is that the bill prevents the closure of the U.S. military base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The reality is that, every day that it remains open, Guantanamo prison weakens our alliances, inspires our enemies, and calls into question our commitment to human rights. 
Time and again, our most senior na-
tional security and military leaders have called for the closure of Guanta-namo. In addition to the national secu-rity cost, every day that Guantanamo remains open, we are wasting taxpayer dollars. We are spending $3.3 million per year for each detainee held at Guantanamo Bay—compare that with the estimated $78,000 that it costs to hold a detainee in a Federal super max-imum security prison. 
Yet the conference agreement makes 
it even harder to transfer detainees to foreign countries, prohibits transfers to the U.S., and prohibits construction or modification of facilities in the U.S. 
All of us are committed to pre-
venting terrorist attacks. Terrorists deserve swift and sure justice and se-vere prison sentences. 
But holding detainees at Guanta-
namo does not administer justice effec-tively. It does not serve our national security interests, and it is incon-sistent with the country’s history as a champion of human rights. 
In order to conform to the budget 
agreement, the bill also includes $1.7 billion in reductions to headquarters management personnel. Everyone in the Senate wants to cut the fat from the Pentagon, but we must make sure that these cuts are targeted toward in-efficiency and waste, as opposed to recklessly eliminating our valued DOD civilian workforce. 
The women and men who serve our 
Nation’s defense outside of a uniform are our teammates in making our country secure. They process military pay; investigate fraud, waste, and abuse; oversee expensive weapons pro-grams; and many more important func-tions. I am proud of each DOD civilian, especially those who work in Illinois, and I will work to make sure that the Congress supports their contributions to our country. 
This is a very good agreement, these 
reservations notwithstanding. It is full of provisions which help our troops, re-forms the way the Pentagon does busi-ness, and provides for our military families. I thank Senator M
CCAINand 
Senator R EEDfor their hard work and 
commend the bill’s passage for the 54th year in a row. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —H.R. 2029 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, the 
ranking member and I have a package of amendments that have been cleared by both sides. I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate resumes consid-eration of H.R. 2029, the following amendments be called up, reported by number, and the Senate vote on the amendments en bloc: Moran, No. 2774; Murkowski, No. 2775; Murkowski, No. 2776; Blumenthal, No. 2779; Blumenthal, No. 2781, Toomey, No. 2785; Sullivan, No. 2786; Sullivan, No. 2787; Collins, No. 2788; Cornyn, No. 2789; Bennet, No. 2795; Durbin, No. 2794; and Boxer, No. 2798. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 1356. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ), the 
Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in 
the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 91, 
nays 3, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 301 Leg.] 
YEAS—91 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker NAYS—3 
Merkley Sanders Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Cruz 
Graham Heller 
Paul Rubio 
Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
MAKING A TECHNICAL CORREC-
TION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 1356 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 90, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 90) 
directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enroll-ment of S. 1356. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2796 
(Purpose: To modify the resolution) 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call up 
my amendment No. 2796. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2796. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, amendment No. 2796, offered by the Senator from Ari-zona, Mr. M
CCAIN, is agreed to. 
Under the previous order, the concur-
rent resolution, H. Con. Res. 90, as amended, is agreed to. 
Under the previous order, the motion 
to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—Continued 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
what is the pending business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. H.R. 2029. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2774, 2775, 2776, 2779, 2781, 2785, 
2786, 2787, 2788, 2789, 2795, 2794, AND 2798 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 2763 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the clerk will re-port the following amendments by number. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.049 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7879 November 10, 2015 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. K IRK], for 
others, proposes amendments numbered 2774, 2785, 2786, 2787, 2788, and 2789 to amendment No. 2763. 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M
CCON-
NELL ], for Ms. M URKOWSKI , proposes amend-
ments numbered 2775 and 2776 to amendment No. 2763. 
The Senator from Montana [Mr. T
ESTER ], 
for others, proposes amendments numbered 2779, 2781, 2795, 2794, and 2798 to amendment No. 2763. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2774 
(Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to pay 
for the transfers or relocations of senior executives of the Department of Veterans Affairs) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
S
EC. lll . None of the amounts appro-
priated or otherwise made available by title II may be used to carry out the Home Mar-keting Incentive Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs or to carry out the Ap-praisal Value Offer Program of the Depart-ment with respect to an employee of the De-partment in a senior executive position (as defined in section 713(g) of title 38, United States Code). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2775 
(Purpose: To require the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States to submit to Con-gress a report evaluating the implementa-tion by the Department of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
S
EC. ll. (a) Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional veterans committees a report evaluating the imple-mentation by the Department of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
(b) The report required by subsection (a) 
shall include, with respect to the implemen-tation of such section 101, an evaluation of the following: 
(1) The effect of such implementation on 
the reduction in the use of purchased care by the Department, including delays or denials of care and interruptions in courses and con-tinuity of care. 
(2) The ability of health care providers to 
meet the demand for primary, specialty, and behavioral health care under such section 101 that cannot reasonably be provided in med-ical facilities of the Department. 
(3) The efforts of the Department to recruit 
health care providers to provide health care under such section 101. 
(4) The accuracy of the information pro-
vided to veterans through call centers re-garding the receipt of health care under such section 101. 
(5) The timeliness of referrals of veterans 
by the Department to health care providers under such section 101. 
(6) Unique issues and difficulties in the im-
plementation of section 101 with respect to veterans residing in rural areas, the States of Alaska and Hawaii and states lacking a full service VA Hospital. 
(7) With respect to rural areas: (A) an iden-
tification of the average wait times for vet-erans in rural areas to receive health care under such section 101, measured from when the veteran first calls the Department or contracted call center to request an appoint-ment; (B) an assessment of utilization rates for health care provided under such section 101 in rural areas (C) an assessment of the accessibility of veterans in rural areas to primary and specialty care at medical cen-
ters of the Department and from non-Depart-ment health care providers under such sec-tion 101; (D) an assessment of the status of any pilot programs created by the Depart-ment to provide care under such section 101; (E) an identification of the number of health care providers providing health care under such section 101 to veterans in rural areas, broken out by primary care providers, spe-cialty and subspecialty providers, and behav-ioral health providers in each Veterans Inte-grated Service Network. 
(8) Recommendations for such improve-
ments to the provision of health care under such section 101 as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
(c) In this section, the term ‘‘congressional 
veterans committees’’ means the Veterans Affairs Committees of the United States Senate and the House of Representatives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Committees on Appropriations of the United States Senate and the House of Representa-tives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2776 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to submit to Congress a re-port on the provision of health care to vet-erans in Alaska through the use of non-De-partment of Veterans Affairs health care providers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
S
EC. lll . Not later than February 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port that supplements the report required under section 4002(c) of the Surface Trans-portation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–41) and that contains the following: 
(1) A description of the changes in access, 
if any, of veterans in Alaska to purchased care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs that have resulted from implementa-tion of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146), including denials of care and interruptions in the course and continuity of care. 
(2) An assessment of the performance of 
the Department in providing health care under such section 101 in Alaska, including— 
(A) the performance of call center service 
provided to veterans; 
(B) the accuracy of call center information 
provided to veterans and health care pro-viders; 
(C) whether health care providers are 
agreeing to provide health care under such section 101 in each of the major communities in Alaska; 
(D) gaps in the availability of health care 
providers, disaggregated by primary, spe-cialty, subspecialty, and behavioral health care; 
(E) impediments to the provision of health 
care under such section 101; and 
(F) plans to mitigate those impediments. (3) An assessment of the status of health 
care provider vacancies at the VA Alaska Healthcare System as of the date of sub-mittal of the report under this section, in-cluding impediments to filling those vacan-cies and plans to mitigate those impedi-ments. 
(4) A description of the manner in which 
the Department plans to serve the primary, specialty, and behavioral health care needs of veterans in Alaska if the plan and rec-ommendations set forth in the report sub-mitted under such section 4002(c) are imple-mented, including a description of specific strategies to be employed by the Department 
to address gaps in the provision of health care to veterans and the supply and demand of health care providers for veterans, includ-ing the roles of tribal health providers and community providers in addressing those gaps. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2779 
(Purpose: To require that amounts appro-
priated to the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for medical and prosthetic research are used to ensure the provision of gender appropriate prosthetics and to conduct re-search related to toxic exposure) 
On page 31, line 23, strike the period and 
insert ‘‘: Provided , That such sums are allo-
cated to ensure the provision of gender ap-propriate prosthetics and to conduct re-search related to toxic exposure.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2781 
(Purpose: To require that amounts appro-
priated to the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for medical supplies and equipment are used to procure gender appropriate prosthetics) 
On page 30, line 6, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for medical supplies and equipment are allocated to ensure the provi-sion of gender appropriate prosthetics.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2785 
(Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to 
carry out Fast Letter 13-10 or create or maintain certain patient record-keeping systems) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
S
EC. 247. None of the amounts appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this title may be used— 
(1) to carry out the memorandum of the 
Veterans Benefits Administration known as ‘‘Fast Letter 13-10’’, issued on May 20, 2013; or 
(2) to create or maintain any patient 
record-keeping system other than those cur-rently approved by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Central Office in Washington, District of Columbia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2786 
(Purpose: To require the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States to submit to Con-gress a report on the recruitment and re-tention of health care providers by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
S
EC. lll . (a) Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the re-cruitment and retention of health care pro-viders by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
(b) The report required by subsection (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) An identification of the ratio of vet-
erans to health care providers of the Depart-ment, disaggregated by State. 
(2) An analysis of the workload of primary 
and specialty care providers of the Depart-ment, disaggregated by State. 
(3) An assessment of initiatives carried out 
by the Veterans Health Administration to recruit and retain health care providers of the Department. 
(4) An assessment of the extent to which 
the Veterans Health Administration oversees health care providers of the Department. 
(5) Such recommendations for improving 
the recruitment and retention of health care providers of the Department as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.024 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7880 November 10, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2787 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to submit to Congress a re-port on the implementation by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 in rural areas) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
S
EC. lll . (a) Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the implementa-tion by the Department of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) in rural areas. 
(b) The report required by subsection (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) An identification of average wait times 
for veterans in rural areas to receive health care under such section 101, measured from when the veteran first calls the Department to schedule an appointment. 
(2) An assessment of utilization rates for 
health care provided under such section 101 in rural areas. 
(3) An assessment of the accessibility of 
veterans in rural areas to primary and spe-cialty care at medical centers of the Depart-ment and from non-Department health care providers under such section 101. 
(4) An identification of the number of 
health care providers providing health care under such section 101 in each Veterans Inte-grated Service Network. 
(5) An assessment of the status of any pilot 
programs created by the Department to pro-vide care under such section 101 in rural areas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2788 
(Purpose: To require a report on the use of 
social security numbers by the Department of Veterans Affairs and the plans of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to dis-continue such use) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. REPORT ON USE OF SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBERS BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the use of social secu-rity numbers by the Department of Veterans Affairs and the plans of the Secretary to dis-continue the unnecessary use. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A list of documents and records of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs that contain social security numbers. 
(2) A list of all government and non-gov-
ernment entities and the numbers of their employees that have access to the social se-curity numbers of veterans that are stored by the Department. 
(3) A description of how the Department, 
other governmental entities, and persons use social security numbers they obtain from the Department, including a description of any information sharing arrangements that the Secretary may have with the heads of other governmental entities. 
(4) The number of data breaches of Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs information sys-tems that involved social security numbers that occurred during the five-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act that the Secretary discovered or that were reported to the Secretary, a description and status of the investigations conducted by the Secretary regarding such breaches, and a description of the plans of the Sec-retary to remediate such breaches. (5) The plans of the Secretary, including a 
timeline, to discontinue the unnecessary use by the Department of social security num-bers. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2789 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to submit to Congress a re-port on wait times for medical appoint-ments at the South Texas Veterans Health Care System of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
S
EC. lll . (a) Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that includes, with respect to the South Texas Veterans Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs, the fol-lowing: 
(1) A description of the nature and scope of 
any foreseeable increase in wait times for medical appointments. 
(2) An assessment of whether a shortage of 
health care providers is the primary cause of any such increase in wait times. 
(3) An identification of any other causes of 
any such increase in wait times. 
(4) A description of any action taken by 
the Department to correct any such increase in wait times. 
(5) An assessment of any issues relating to 
access to care. 
(6) A plan for how the Secretary will rem-
edy any such increase in wait times, includ-ing a detailed description of steps to be taken and a timeline for completion. 
(b) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate 
committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2795 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to conduct a study on the im-pact of combat service on suicide rates and other mental health issues among mem-bers of the Armed Forces and veterans) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
S
EC. 2ll. (a) Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, enter into a contract with an independent third party described in subsection (b) to carry out a study on the impact of participa-tion in combat during service in the Armed Forces on suicides and other mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(b) An independent third party described in 
this subsection is an independent third party that has appropriate credentials to access in-formation in the possession of the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Vet-erans Affairs that is necessary to carry out the study required under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2794 
(Purpose: To modify the amounts appro-
priated to the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for medical services and medical and prosthetic research) 
At the end of title II, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. (a) The amount appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this title under the heading ‘‘
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RE -
SEARCH ’’ under the heading ‘‘V ETERANS  
HEALTH ADMINISTRATION ’’ is hereby increased 
by $8,922,462. 
(b) The amount appropriated or otherwise 
made available by this title for fiscal year 2016 under the heading ‘‘
MEDICAL SERVICES ’’ 
under the heading ‘‘V ETERANS HEALTH AD-
MINISTRATION ’’ is hereby reduced by 
$8,922,462. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2798 
(Purpose: To make available $5,000,000 for a 
pilot program on awarding grants to pro-vide furniture, household items, and other assistance to formerly homeless veterans moving into permanent housing) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
S
EC. 247. Of the amounts appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this title for ‘‘
MEDICAL SERVICES ’’, not more than $5,000,000 
shall be available to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of awarding grants to veterans service agen-cies, veterans service organizations, and non-governmental organizations to provide fur-niture, household items, and other assist-ance to formerly homeless veterans who are moving into permanent housing to facilitate the settlement of such veterans in such housing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is on agreeing to the amendments en bloc. 
The amendments (Nos. 2774, 2775, 
2776, 2779, 2781, 2785, 2786, 2787, 2788, 2789, 2795, 2794, and 2798) were agreed to en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Brown amendment No. 2801 be called up and agreed to, the Kirk amendment No. 2764 be withdrawn, and the Senate vote on the Kirk amendment No. 2763, as amended; further, that following the disposition of the Kirk amendment No. 2763, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on pas-sage of H.R. 2029, as amended. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2801 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2763 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the Brown amend-ment. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Montana [Mr. T ESTER ], 
for Mr. B ROWN , proposes an amendment num-
bered 2801 to amendment No. 2763. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to develop and publish an ac-tion plan for improving the vocational re-habilitation services and assistance pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs) 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
ACTION PLAN TO IMPROVE VOCA-TIONAL REHABILITATION AND EDU-CATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall de-velop and publish an action plan for improv-ing the services and assistance provided under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.006 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7881 November 10, 2015 
(b) E LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include each of the fol-lowing: 
(1) A comprehensive analysis of, and rec-
ommendations and a proposed implementa-tion plan for remedying workload manage-ment challenges at regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including steps to reduce counselor caseloads of vet-erans participating in a rehabilitation pro-gram under such chapter, particularly for counselors who are assisting veterans with traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder and counselors with edu-cational and vocational counseling work-loads. 
(2) A comprehensive analysis of the reasons 
for the disproportionately low percentage of veterans with service-connected disabilities who served in the Armed Forces after Sep-tember 11, 2001, who opt to participate in a rehabilitation program under such chapter relative to the percentage of such veterans who use their entitlement to educational as-sistance under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, including an analysis of bar-riers to timely enrollment in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title and of any barriers to a veteran enrolling in the program of that veteran’s choice. 
(3) Recommendations and a proposed im-
plementation plan for encouraging more vet-erans with service-connected disabilities who served in the Armed Forces after September 11, 2001, to participate in rehabilitation pro-grams under chapter 31 of such title. 
(4) A national staff training program for 
vocational rehabilitation counselors of the Department that includes the provision of— 
(A) training to assist counselors in under-
standing the very profound disorientation experienced by veterans with service-con-nected disabilities whose lives and life-plans have been upended and out of their control because of such disabilities; 
(B) training to assist counselors in work-
ing in partnership with veterans on indi-vidual rehabilitation plans; and 
(C) training on post-traumatic stress dis-
order and other mental health conditions and on moderate to severe traumatic brain injury that is designed to improve the abil-ity of such counselors to assist veterans with these conditions, including by providing in-formation on the broad spectrum of such conditions and the effect of such conditions on an individual’s abilities and functional limitations. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, amendment No. 2801 is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2764 WITHDRAWN  
Under the previous order, amend-
ment No. 2764 is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2763, AS AMENDED  
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion occurs on the substitute amend-ment, as amended. 
The Senator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, if I may 
have 1 minute, I urge my colleagues to vote for this Military Construction-VA appropriations bill before us. 
Thank-yous are in order. I thank the 
chairman, Senator K
IRK, and his staff, 
Bob Henke, D’Ann Lettieri, and Pat-rick Magnuson. I also thank Tina Evans and Chad Schulken. By the way, it is Chad’s birthday today, so make sure you wish him a happy birthday. I also thank Michael Baine, Tony McClain, and the other staff who worked on this bill. This bill does right by our veterans, 
and I am proud to have worked with our colleagues in this Chamber. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the sub-stitute amendment, as amended. 
The amendment (No. 2763), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
Mr. CRAPO. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. 
HELLER ), the Senator from Kentucky 
(Mr. P AUL), the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO), and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 93, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 302 Leg.] 
YEAS—93 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Franken Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cruz Gardner Graham Heller 
Paul Rubio Vitter 
The bill (H.R. 2029), as amended, was 
passed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. DRIVE ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the House message accompanying H.R. 22. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House insist upon its 
amendment to the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill (H.R. 22) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize funds for Federal-aid high-
ways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes,’’ and ask a conference with the Senate on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
COMPOUND MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to disagree to the amendment of the House, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and author-ize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read the following: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to disagree to the amendment of the House, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 22. 
Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Lamar 
Alexander, Johnny Isakson, Deb Fisch-er, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Thad Cochran, Joni Ernst, Cory Gardner, John Thune, Daniel Coats, Orrin G. Hatch, John Barrasso, James M. Inhofe, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time between 2:15 p.m. and 2:45 p.m. be equally divided between the two lead-ers or their designees and that not-withstanding rule XXVIII, at 2:45 p.m. the Senate vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the compound motion to go to conference; further, that if clo-ture is invoked, that the Senate agree to the compound motion to go to con-ference and that Senator W
ICKER be 
recognized to offer a motion to instruct the conferees; that there be up to 4 minutes of debate equally divided on the motion and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Sen-ate then vote in relation to the Wicker motion; that following the disposition of the Wicker motion, Senator B
LUMENTHAL be recognized to offer a 
motion to instruct the conferees; that there be up to 4 minutes of debate equally divided on the motion and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate then vote in rela-tion to the Blumenthal motion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.003 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7882 November 10, 2015 
Mr. President, I ask to withhold my 
request until Senator C ARPER arrives. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I under-
stand that a request is pending, and I would like to reserve my right to ob-ject. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
an objection to the majority leader’s request? 
Mr. CARPER. I have a statement I 
would like to make at this point in time. If this is the appropriate time to do it, then I would like to do it. I would like to speak for 10 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I renew my re-
quest. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. CARPER. Reserving the right to 
object. 
Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield? Mr. CARPER. I am happy to yield. Mr. INHOFE. There is a lot of mum-
bling going on. I am not sure what we finally decided to do. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I will 
speak for 10 minutes on transportation, and then we will have our caucus lunch. 
Mr. INHOFE. All right. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that at the conclusion of the re-marks of the Senator from Delaware, I be recognized for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
W
ICKER ). Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, some-
thing came to my attention today that I haven’t seen before. Actually, it is a blog which was apparently written by Ben Bernanke, the immediate past Chairman of the Federal Reserve. He wrote it for the Brookings Institute, and he talked about one of the pay-fors for the transportation bill for which we will be sending conferees to discuss later today. 
As my colleagues may recall, the 
House passed a 6-year authorization bill for transportation—roads, high-ways, bridges, and transit—with fund-ing for 3 years. When we sent our legis-lation over to the House, they came up with some new pay-fors. Frankly, it is not user fees, it is not even like pen-sion smoothing, it is not like stealing TSA fees or Custom fees, but some-thing new. They found money—about $40 to $50 billion—in the Federal Re-serve and said: Why don’t we use that for transportation spending? 
Interestingly enough, the former 
Chairman of the Federal Reserve has written about this issue, and it has been editorialized in today’s Wash-ington Post, among others. I will read a sentence or two out of Chairman Bernanke’s comments, if I may, talk-ing about the new pay-for, where we take money from the Federal Reserve and use it for transportation purposes. 
Here is what Chairman Bernanke 
says: 
More substantively—and this is what 
I want to focus on in the post—‘‘pay-ing’’ for highway spending with Fed 
capital is not paying for it at all in any economically meaningful sense. Rath-er, this maneuver is a form of budg-etary sleight-of-hand that would count funds that are already designated for the Treasury as ‘‘new’’ revenue. 
Every year this extra money that the 
Federal Reserve has is turned over to the Treasury. In fact, it may be as much as one-half trillion dollars. That money goes into the earnings that the Federal Reserve makes, and at dif-ferent points during the year, they turn money over to the Treasury. 
What the House language says here is 
that we are going to reduce that amount of money that would normally go from the Federal Reserve to the Treasury during some part of this year, and we are simply going to pull that money out and use it for transpor-tation. Now, that money was going to go to the Treasury anyway. It was going to go from the Federal Reserve to Treasury anyway, and now we are going to sort of slip in and pull that money out and say: No, no, we are going to use it for roads, highways, and bridges. It is a sleight of hand. GAO is blowing the whistle on it as well, and I am delighted Chairman Bernanke is calling it for what it is. 
Look, we had the opportunity to pay 
for transportation projects. We had the opportunity to pay for roads, highways, and bridges, and to do it the old-fash-ioned way, and frankly, in a way that the chairman of our committee, Sen-ator I
NHOFE , was in favor of. We have a 
tradition and history in this country of saying that things that are worth hav-ing are worth paying for, and people and businesses that use roads, high-ways, and bridges here in the past have said we ought to pay for the use of them. Now we are looking at a trans-portation bill that says: No, we are going to take money from TSA—TSA fee increases—and instead of using it to make our skies and aviation safer, we are going to steal 10 years of TSA reve-nues and put it over here in transpor-tation. We are going to take money that ought to go to fortify our borders to make us stronger and better equipped so we can do a better job of finding out whether what is in the trucks is really produce or some other product, such as narcotics—our border crossings, where we have literally tens of millions of dollars’ worth of trade going through trade every day—and in-stead we are going to take those reve-nues and put them into transportation. 
There is the idea of taking money 
out of the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve, where we pay $80 to $90 to $100 a barrel and are now selling it for about half that and using the proceeds from that—buy high, sell low—to pay for transportation. 
The latest trick from the House is to 
take the money out of the Federal Re-serve when it is already going to go to Treasury anyway. Instead, we are going to take that money away from the Federal Reserve and pretend like it has no consequence. Well, actually that 
$50 or $60 billion would have reduced the deficit. That is where it would have gone. 
This is not the way to do business. 
We had the opportunity to fully fund a robust transportation plan. Several of us—Senator D
URBIN , Senator F EIN-
STEIN , and I—offered legislation, very 
much like Bowles-Simpson, that would actually restore the purchasing power of the gas and diesel taxes in this coun-try. We have not raised them since 1993. 
Since 1993, the Federal gasoline tax 
has been roughly 18 cents. It is now worth less than a dime because of infla-tion. The diesel tax, since 1993, is worth less than 15 cents. Nominally, it is 23 cents. Meanwhile, roads, highways, and bridges are more expensive. Asphalt is more expensive, as is concrete, steel, and labor. Instead of being able to fund transportation in a genuine, honest kind of way, we are spending about $50 billion a year at the Federal level for transportation. It is about one-third of what is being spent nationally. Out of that $50 billion, we are only raising $35 billion through our user fees, and we just go out and borrow the money for the rest. When we run out of money in the general fund, we go around the world and borrow money from China and other places so that we can build roads, highways, and bridges. 
When the Chinese are mucking 
around in the South China Sea or the Spratly Islands or some of those other places, we say: You can’t do that. They say: We thought you wanted to borrow our money. If they are manipulating their currency or dumping their goods and products into our markets, we say: You can’t do that. They say: We thought you wanted to borrow our money. 
We should not be beholden to them or 
to anybody else. We should fully fund transportation projects, and we could do that. 
The legislation that Senators F
EIN-
STEIN , D URBIN , and I offered would 
gradually raise the tax on diesel and gasoline by 4 cents a year for 4 years, and then index it going forward. How much money would that generate? That would generate about $220 billion over the next 10 years. 
Our roads, highway, and bridges get 
D-plus these days. Why? Because about a quarter of our bridges are in bad shape and the service of our roads and highways is as well. People say they don’t want to pay any more money for user fees on gas or diesel. Well, people paid less than $2 a gallon for gasoline at about 30,000 gas stations across America last week. 
My friends, as it turns out, if we ac-
tually did raise the price for gas and diesel by 4 cents a year for 4 years, what would the effect be in 2020—4 years from now—for average drivers? The out-of-pocket impact would be about the cost of a cup of coffee a week. Meanwhile, because our roads, bridges, and highways are in such lousy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.030 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7883 November 10, 2015 
shape, we, as constituents—people who 
drive around this country—have an av-erage cost of damage to our vehicles, tires, steering, and rims of our tires of over $350 a year. That is not my num-ber; that is a real number. 
The other thing that is going on here 
is that we sit in traffic a lot in our country these days because we are not addressing our bottlenecks and doing what we ought to be doing in terms of upgrading our roads, highways, and bridges. 
Every year Texas A&M does an anal-
ysis. What they do is to look at how much time we sit in traffic in this country. The average driver in this country sits in traffic 42 hours a year. In cities such as Washington, DC, the numbers are more like 80 hours a year. We are not moving. We are just sitting there wasting time, wasting fuel, and polluting the skies. We don’t have to do that. Instead of doing something that is intellectually honest, what we are doing is really, I think, shameful. I think it is shameful. 
Initially, I was just confused by what 
the House wants to do with the Federal Reserve by moving $50 to $60 billion out of there. Now that I understand what they are doing, it is even more shameful. We can do better than this, and the American people deserve better than that. 
Our friends at the McKinsey Global 
Institute spent some time last year trying to figure out if we were actually investing robustly in our roads, high-ways, and bridges in this country. They looked at how it would affect our GDP and if it would have any effect on put-ting people to work. If we are willing to make robust investments for the next 10 years instead of, frankly, not much at all in terms of investments, here is what they said: We would grow GDP by about 1.5 percent per year for the next 10 years. So far this year it has been somewhere between 2 and 2.5 percent. We could increase it by an-other 1.5 percent if we make these kinds of honest investments. We are not going to come close to making ro-bust investments. 
The McKinsey Global Institute also 
told us that in terms of new employ-ment, if we were actually to invest robustly in roads, highways, and bridges in this country, we would put 1.8 million people to work building roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems. But we are not going to do that. 
We are not even close to what the 
McKinsey Global Institute was calling for in robust investments that would actually grow our GDP by 1.5 percent each year and increase employment by 1.8 million people. In fact, what we are passing here isn’t even close to the 4 cents a year for 4 years and indexing going forward. That produces $220 bil-lion over the next 10 years. 
What we are doing is barely keeping 
Federal funding at $50 billion, and the way we are doing most of that is by sleight of hand and by using money that has nothing to do with roads, 
highways, and bridges and nothing to do with businesses and people that use those transportation modes to pay for them—nothing. And now we are about to name conferees and go to conference on that kind of deal? The American people aren’t stupid. They are not stu-pid. 
Do you know what a bunch of States 
around the country—like 12 States in the last 2 years—did when they found out they were running out of money to build their transportation systems in their States? They raised their user fees. They actually raised them. 
Do you know what happened when 
they had elections last November? Some 95 percent of the Republicans who voted to raise their user fees were reelected, and 90 percent of the Demo-crats who voted to raise their user fees in those 12 States were reelected. They didn’t pay a penalty for it. They were rewarded for it. The people who voted the other way—who voted not to raise the user fees—didn’t do as well. People aren’t stupid. 
We are going to have an opportunity 
here to name conferees and go to con-ference, and I just want to say that this man sitting next to me, J
IM 
INHOFE , is a good man. He chairs our 
Environment and Public Works Com-mittee. Our committee reported out a very good 6-year authorization bill. He is proud of it. Senator B
OXER and I 
worked on it, and I am very proud of what we did. I commend Senator I
NHOFE for a great bill. That is the au-
thorization piece. If we could just stop there, we would be fine. Unfortunately, the authorization is only half the game. 
What was the picture of the guy they 
had on the floor not long ago? It was a picture of a cowboy wearing a big hat and lying back sleeping, and the cap-tion under the picture says: All hat, no cattle. Well, when you have a great au-thorization bill but no real money to pay for it, that is really all hat, no cat-tle. I don’t think there is a better ex-ample of it that I have seen than the legislation that we are going to be con-ferencing on very soon. 
I wish I could sit here and say it is 
all going to work out and we will do just fine, but that is not the truth. We have let a great opportunity pass us by. We are about to let a great opportunity pass us by. 
We are worthy of a better oppor-
tunity than that, and frankly the peo-ple of our country deserve a better ef-fort than that. 
With that, I yield the floor to my 
friend from Oklahoma. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request? 
Mr. CARPER. I withdraw my objec-
tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me 
say in response that a couple of times my good friend from Delaware has ob-served that the American people are 
not stupid, but the American people also want highways. That is one of the big things they want. In fact, we have a document called a Constitution that says we are supposed to be doing two things here: defending America, and roads and bridges. And I think we both agree on the significance of that. 
BURUNDI  
I hope I will have time to get into 
something because our State Depart-ment of the United States of America is getting involved in Burundi, in their election. They had a duly-qualified election. The constitutional conven-tion declared that Nkurunziza, who is the President, had a legal election, and we ought to stay out of their business. If there is time, I would like to elabo-rate on that, but I know I am com-peting for time. 
GITMO  
On the President’s Gitmo message, 
we have—I will give a little chronology on that. On January 22, 2009, Obama signed an Executive order to close Gitmo within the year. 
On February 3 of that same year, 
2009, I introduced a bill to permanently prevent Gitmo detainees from being re-located anywhere in the United States. At that time they were ready to talk about relocating them to parts of my State of Oklahoma, in the Fort Sill area. 
In May 2009 I authored bipartisan leg-
islation with Senator Danny Inouye to block funding to close Gitmo and to move the detainees anywhere on U.S. soil. That passed 90 to 6. 
Every year since, Congress has 
blocked the attempts by this President and his administration to close Gitmo or move terrorist detainees into the United States. 
Every year, Congress has passed laws 
that continue to limit the transfer of these detainees, including in the con-ference report for the fiscal year 2016 NDAA bill. That is what we are talking about right now. It prohibits the trans-ferring of Gitmo detainees to the United States through December 31, 2016. That also tightens the restric-tions on the detainees being trans-ferred to other countries. 
The fiscal year NDAA also included 
language preventing closure of Gitmo through December 31, 2016. However, this has not prevented President Obama from trying to empty Gitmo and releasing these terrorist detainees to any country he can pay to take them back and now threatening an Ex-ecutive order to bring them to the United States—to the States of Colo-rado, South Carolina, and Kansas— against the will of the Senators from those States, the House Members from those States, and the American people. 
This is not the first time the Presi-
dent has gone against the will of the American people and violated our laws. The President violated the law last June when he transferred the Taliban Five from Gitmo in exchange for Ser-geant Bergdahl, and my colleagues will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.032 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7884 November 10, 2015 
remember that issue. He failed to no-
tify Congress. The laws we passed said they had to notify Congress 30 days in advance of any transfer of terrorists to any facility. His failure to adhere to the law he signed placed our Nation’s security at great risk. 
Let me just mention—I carry this 
with me. If people realize whom he turned loose, the Taliban Five—this is a statement that was made by the Taliban commander. His name is Mullah Khan. He was talking about Mohammad Fazl. Keep in mind he was arguably the most dangerous person— terrorist—who was being held in Gitmo. He said: 
His return is like pouring 10,000 Taliban 
fighters into the battle on the side of jihad. Now the Taliban have the right lion to lead them in the final moment before victory in Afghanistan. 
These are the kinds of people he is 
turning loose. 
According to the Office of the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence, 29 percent of the detainees transferred out of Gitmo have either been confirmed or suspected of returning to the fight and killing Americans. That is how serious this is. 
Gitmo is outside the sovereign terri-
tory of the United States, which means detainees held there do not have con-stitutional rights. But if we put them back in the United States, it is very likely they would have those rights. 
I have a quote from former U.S. At-
torney General Michael Mukasey, who said: 
The question of what constitutional rights 
may apply to aliens in government custody is unsettled, but it is clear from existing ju-risprudence that physical presence in the United States would be a significant, if not a decisive, factor. 
I am also concerned about the secu-
rity of the people here who would have to guard these terrorists. 
Back when a Thomson, IL, prison was 
discussed—that was in 2009—Represent-ative M
ARKKIRK—at that time he was 
in the House; that was before he was in the Senate—called the move ‘‘an un-necessary risk,’’ and other Illinois Members were concerned that the transfer of prisoners—some for trial and some for indefinite detention— could make the State a target for ter-rorists. M
ARKKIRKwas then and is now 
correct that prisons holding these de-tainees will become magnets, and there is the very real possibility that these detainees would recruit more terror-ists. 
We have to keep in mind that a ter-
rorist is not a criminal. A terrorist is someone who trains other people to be terrorists, and that is what we would be seeing happening in our courts. 
FBI Director Robert Mueller said 
there is the very real possibility that Gitmo detainees will recruit more ter-rorists from among the Federal inmate population and continue Al Qaeda oper-ations from outside the country. 
I have been to Gitmo several times, 
as has the occupier of the chair. It is a state-of-the-art facility that provides 
humane treatment for all detainees. When I was there, the biggest problem they had with the detainees was that they were overweight. They are all obese because they are eating so well. It is fully in compliance with the Gene-va Convention and provides treatment and oversight that exceed any max-imum security prison in the world, as tested by human rights organizations such as the Red Cross, Attorney Gen-eral Holder, and an independent com-mission led by Admiral Walsh. It is a secure location away from population centers, and it has a $12 million expedi-tionary legal complex. That is a court-room. We can’t use our courtrooms be-cause of the confidentiality of informa-tion that is extracted from these indi-viduals and used in the courtroom, so they use the expeditionary legal com-plex. 
The last thing I would say is that it 
is clear that—and this comes from former CIA Director Leon Panetta. He was talking about the fact that our President—talking about the way they were able to get the bad guy, and what they have refused to understand is the information they extracted at Gitmo was used to actually capture Osama bin Laden. 
Anyway, we don’t want that to hap-
pen, we can’t afford to let that happen, and we are going to do everything we can to keep the President from making that happen. This has become an obses-sion of his, and we are not going to let that happen. 
BURUNDI  
Lastly, I do want to mention that on 
this whole issue in Burundi right now, we have to understand in this country that there are other nations that have their own systems of government. They are the ones that have their elections. In this case, I happened to be there in Burundi when the court declared that the incumbent President, Nkurunziza, was qualified to run again, even though they have a term limit. The first term was not a complete term, so that didn’t count, according to the court. For us to come in afterward and say ‘‘Well, we think the court was wrong, we don’t think he is qualified to run, and we are going to withhold things from that country’’ is something we should not be doing in this country. 
I can assure my colleagues that the 
six Members who went with me over there were all on the scene and agreed that Nkurunziza should be legitimately elected, and we should stay out of their business. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:39 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). DRIVE ACT—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 2:45 p.m. is equally divided. 
The Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 10 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, in a few 
moments we are going to vote on a mo-tion to instruct the conferees on the highway bill. It will be a motion to in-struct them not to proceed with a Fed-eral mandate that would force these long double trailers called twin 33s on the 38 States where currently they are illegal. 
This Senator would observe that it is 
not often we get a chance to vote on a motion that will accomplish so much. We are going to get a chance in 30 min-utes or so to vote on a motion that will save lives. It is a motion that would prohibit a Federal mandate, that sup-ports small business, and that would save $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion per year in highway maintenance. It is a vote that is supported by an overwhelming majority of the American people. This is a rare opportunity for us to come to-gether on a motion that does all of those things. 
It is also a bipartisan motion to in-
struct. It will be sponsored by the Sen-ator from California, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , and there will be bipartisan 
votes for the motion on both sides of the aisle. 
Now, why are we here? The motion is 
here because it stems from an amend-ment in the Appropriations Committee to the Transportation appropriations bill, which would require every State to allow these twin 33-foot trailers on Federal highways. Currently some 12 States do allow them. They have a right to do that, and if they made a considered decision in their State leg-islatures and in consultation with their departments of transportation, then more power to them. 
Well, 38 States say that these trucks 
are not safe and that these trucks are too long. They tell us they don’t want them on the highways. I think we should respect that decision by these 38 States. 
Who supports the Wicker-Feinstein 
motion to instruct the conferees? I go back to the point that this is a vote to save lives. Who says this? AAA, a re-spected nationwide organization that knows quite a bit about highway safe-ty, says support the Wicker amend-ment. Don’t mandate on 38 States something they don’t want to do with these extra long trucks. 
I would point out on this diagram the 
size of the average passenger car. Look how much longer this proposed twin 33 double rig with the tractor part on the front is. Frankly, the American people don’t want to contend with these long double trailers on their roads. 
The Advocates for Highway and Auto 
Safety say this isn’t safe. A ‘‘yes’’ vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.036 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7885 November 10, 2015 
on the Wicker-Feinstein motion would 
be a vote for safety. 
The National Troopers Coalition—we 
ought to listen to them—say these trucks are not safe, and at the very least, there should be no mandate from Washington, DC. In the time remain-ing, I would suggest to Members and legislative staff back in their offices to call their local troopers in their var-ious States and see what the troopers say about this. I will tell you that troopers in State after State say don’t mandate these long trucks. Sheriff’s associations say don’t mandate these long trucks. 
Chiefs of police say don’t mandate 
these long, twin 33 double trailers. So you may ask yourself what a chief of police in a municipality has to do with 
this. Aren’t we talking about inter-state highways and big old Federal highways? Not true at all. I don’t know about you, but in the place where I live, if something comes in by truck, they bring it right into town. So the chiefs of police say: We don’t want these twin 33s on our two-lane streets; we don’t want them on the two-lane highways. That would be the result of the mandate that is contained in the appropriations bill unless we turn that around. 
Who else is opposed to mandating 
twin 33s on the 38 States that don’t want them? The State trucking asso-ciations are opposed to this mandate. One would think that the truckers would be for this. After all, if you are a big enough trucking company and you have enough money, you can buy the truck, haul more, and make more money. That is the idea, but we need to bear in mind that most of the truckers in the United States are small business owners. Frankly, some of them have told me that if this mandate on all 50 States is passed, they are going out of business. 
We have resolutions from the Mis-
sissippi Trucking Association, the Ari-zona Trucking Association, Louisiana Trucking Association, and we have an alliance of small business truckers from States that include Indiana, Texas, Tennessee, Nebraska, Louisiana, Maryland, Washington, Iowa, Mis-sissippi, Arizona, Pennsylvania, Or-egon, and Arkansas—and I can go on. Trucking companies and small truck-ers in all of these States are saying: Please don’t put us out of business by having us try to compete with these large twin 33s. 
I would submit to my colleagues that 
20 minutes from now we are going to have a vote. This is the only oppor-tunity that 100 Senators elected by the people of the 50 States will have to ad-dress this issue. This vote we are going to take in just a few moments will send a strong signal to the people in some office here on Capitol Hill, in some room on Capitol Hill, where they are devising the Omnibus appropriations bill. We need to send a strong signal to them that we don’t want this mandate in the omnibus. We don’t want the mandate in the highway bill. We need a strong vote. This is a 
chance to vote on how we stand with small business in our States, with the troopers, the sheriffs, the chiefs of po-lice, the trucking associations, and the advocates for highway safety. 
I would urge my colleagues to thor-
oughly consider this in the next 20 or 25 minutes. When you come to vote, a ‘‘yes’’ vote will be a vote to avoid the Federal mandate. I urge my colleagues to join me on a bipartisan basis—and I believe they will join me on a bipar-tisan basis—in allowing the 38 States that opt out of this to continue to do so, making a stand for small business, for the States’ decisionmaking, and for safety. 
Mr. President, I understand we are 
going to move to a vote at 2:45 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is 
correct. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the remaining time while we are in quorum calls be divided equally between the parties. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WICKER. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, we are 
about to vote on whether we want to go to conference with our Transportation bill that passed this body with well over 60 votes in July. We have been pushing hard—Senators on both sides of the aisle—to move the House toward a situation where we can finally go to conference and reconcile the two bills. We are at that point, and I certainly hope we get a very solid vote. 
I am also hopeful the Wicker-Fein-
stein motion does succeed, and I cer-tainly will try my best to raise it in the conference. We still have about 1.5 million unemployed construction workers since the recession. We have seen terrific job growth, but we know it hasn’t hit all the sectors, so this is an extremely important bill. 
Also, we know that thousands in 
businesses rely on a robust highway trust fund. Whether it is the granite people, the cement people, they are all for going to conference. Whether it is the international association of ma-chinists or it is the labor union, the chamber of commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, it is a rare and glorious occasion to see every-body come together and say: Let’s get a bill. 
We want to have a robust bill. We 
don’t want to have a bill that is busi-ness as usual and this is why—we have 60,000 bridges that are deficient. They were not built with the kinds of traffic they are now withstanding in mind, so we must have this vote to go to con-ference. I thank the majority leader, Senator 
M
CCONNELL , for his work and the 
Democratic leader, Senator R EID. I also 
extend my thanks to Senator C ANT-
WELL , who worked so hard with other 
Senators on this side to get Ex-Im in-cluded in this bill. We will have the Ex-port-Import reauthorization in this bill. 
I am very excited to get to con-
ference. My goal is just to put it on the table, to bring to that conference the bipartisan spirit we had when we did this bill in the Senate. When I thank both the majority leader and the Democratic leader, it is because they put strong people on this conference. I think it is going to be a strong con-ference. We have a lot of similarities. Somebody who looked at both bills said 
the House bill is about 90 percent simi-lar to the Senate bill. This is a good thing. This means we don’t have to take our time because the trust fund, the authorization runs out very soon, right before Thanksgiving. So it is a good moment for the Senate. 
I think we showed leadership on both 
sides of the aisle on getting this bill done. We continue to work well to-gether, both leaders have sent strong conferees to the conference. I know our staffs are already speaking, and I am hopeful we get a strong vote, which I think we are going to have in a few minutes. Am I correct it is about 3 minutes from that vote? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is 
correct. 
Mrs. BOXER. All right. So in 3 min-
utes I hope we have a solid vote to take our bill to conference with the House, where I will work very closely with Chairman S
HUSTER and the rest. 
The last point I make is I read that 
Congressman D EFAZIO—who is our 
Democratic ranking member in the House T&I Committee—has had a very serious eye situation and had to go for emergency surgery. I wish to say my heart is with him. He is a very impor-tant person in terms of weighing in on the transportation needs. I will work with him, I will speak with him, and I am very hopeful that although he may not be present—I hope he will be present for the conference—if he is not, I wish to reassure him that we will take his concerns into this conference. 
I am looking forward to a strong 
vote. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to yield back all time and proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to disagree to the amendment of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.042 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7886 November 10, 2015 
House, agree to the request from the House 
for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 22. 
Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Lamar 
Alexander, Johnny Isakson, Deb Fisch-er, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Thad Cochran, Joni Ernst, Cory Gardner, John Thune, Daniel Coats, Orrin G. Hatch, John Barrasso, James M. Inhofe, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to disagree to the amendment of the House, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint con-ferees with respect to H.R. 22 shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. 
HELLER ), the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Mr. J OHNSON ), the Senator from Ken-
tucky (Mr. P AUL), the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) and 
the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W AR-
NER) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 82, 
nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 303 Leg.] 
YEAS—82 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst 
Feinstein Fischer Franken Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NAYS—7 
Corker 
Flake Lee Perdue 
Risch Sasse Shelby 
NOT VOTING—11 
Crapo 
Cruz Gardner Graham Heller 
Johnson Leahy Paul Rubio 
Vitter Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 82, the nays are 7. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
Under the previous order, the com-
pound motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from Mississippi. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I have a 
motion to instruct at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. W ICKER ] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 22 be instructed to insist upon the inclusion of the following section in title XXXII: 
SEC. 32 ll. TRUCK TRACTOR-SEMITRAILER- 
TRAILER COMBINATION LENGTH LIMITATION. 
The Secretary may promulgate a rule to 
increase the minimum length limitation that a State may prescribe for a truck trac-tor-semitrailer-trailer combination under section 31111(b)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, from 28 feet to 33 feet if the Sec-retary makes a statistically significant find-ing, based on the final Comprehensive Truck Size and Weight Limits Study required under section 32801 of the Commercial Motor Vehi-cle Safety Enhancement Act of 2012 (title II of division C of Public Law 112–141), that such increase would not have a net negative impact on public safety. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I under-
stand I have 2 minutes. I will speak briefly and then yield to Senator F
EIN-
STEIN . 
This is what this is about, these twin 
33 double trailers, which are longer than is legal in 38 States. The question is whether we as a Senate, we as a Con-gress, we as a Federal Government, are going to mandate on the 38 States that don’t allow these to allow them on their roads at any rate. So a ‘‘yes’’ vote would be a vote against the Federal mandate. 
When do you get in one fell swoop an 
opportunity to vote—a vote that will save lives, a vote to prevent a Federal mandate, a vote for small business, a vote to save $1.2 to $1.8 billion a year in highway maintenance, and a vote sup-ported by the overwhelming majority of the people? 
Vote yes not to mandate this on the 
States. 
I yield the floor to the Senator from 
California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, if 
we look at that, that is 91 feet with the twin 33s and the cab, 91 feet of truck. Thirty-eight States do not want that in 
their States. This bill overwhelms that. We had an amendment in the Ap-propriations Committee that would prevent that. It was a tie vote. 
Senator W
ICKER and I ask you, please 
don’t force States to do this before the safety work is done by the Secretary. We have 4,000 people killed every year from these trucks in all kinds of hor-rific accidents—and they are not as long as this one. These trucks would not only be on the freeways, but they would be in the villages, the towns, and the cities as well. 
I hope you will support this motion 
to instruct to protect the 38 States and say: Before you do this, do the safety investigations and tell us these trucks are safe. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
time taken in opposition? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the motion. 
Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. 
HELLER ), the Senator from Oklahoma 
(Mr. I NHOFE ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Mr. J OHNSON ), the Senator from 
Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ), 
the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), and the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. W ARNER ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 31, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 304 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Coons Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken 
Gillibrand Grassley Heinrich Hirono Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tillis Toomey Udall Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.045 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7887 November 10, 2015 
NAYS—31 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Daines 
Enzi Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Kirk Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Risch 
Roberts Rounds Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune 
NOT VOTING—13 
Boxer 
Crapo Cruz Gardner Graham Heller 
Inhofe Johnson Leahy Paul Rubio 
Vitter Warner 
The motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
have a motion to instruct at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ] moves that the managers on 
the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the bill H.R. 22 be instructed to insist upon the inclusion of the rail safety provisions contained in the amendment passed by the Senate on July 30, 2015, including the authorization of grants for the installation of positive train control. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will be 4 minutes of debate equally di-vided. 
The Senator from Connecticut is rec-
ognized. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
in recent years all of our constituents have seen a scourge in rail accidents. There have been similar accidents all around the country. This motion in-sists that the Senate’s provisions be in-cluded in this conference and in what comes out of the conference com-mittee, including the authorization of grants for the installation of positive train control. 
This summer, with the leadership of 
the committee chairman, Senator 
T
HUNE , and the ranking member, B ILL 
NELSON , who are both champions of 
rail safety, in this instance it resulted in some very key reforms, and the Sen-ate passed the DRIVE Act which is not perfect—troublesome in some highway safety elements—but forward thinking on rail safety. It includes funding for PTC, redundant signal protection, im-proved inspection practices, and a fol-lowup on the FRA’s deep dive inves-tigation. Along with cameras and grade crossing, these provisions help to ad-vance the cause of rail safety. 
The House has done nothing. The 
House bill is completely and abjectly lacking on rail safety, and therefore this motion instructs our conferees to insist on the Senate’s provisions. I know that our conferees will be ex-tremely sympathetic and supportive, but in order to simply to express our views, I ask unanimous consent that this measure be approved and that the motion be taken on a voice vote. 
I ask unanimous consent that all re-
maining time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question occurs on agreeing to 
the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. The Presiding Officer appointed Mr. 
I
NHOFE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
DURBIN , and Mr. S CHUMER conferees on 
the part of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VETERANS DAY AND LEGISLATION 
SUPPORTING OUR VETERANS AND TROOPS 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am hon-
ored to represent nearly 500,000 Mis-souri veterans in the Senate. Tomor-row, on Veterans Day, we pause to re-flect on the countless contributions and sacrifices that the men and women who serve in uniform and have served in uniform have made to our country. I hope we will all use this opportunity to recommit ourselves not only to appre-ciate their service but to be sure that the commitments our government has made to them are commitments that we move forward on and that they are commitments that we look at the time, place, and the veterans being served and decide when they need to be changed. I think one of the things we have done in the last year to create more choices and more competition for veterans is an important step in that direction. 
When I introduced the Excellence in 
Mental Health Act with Senator S
TA-
BENOW , one of our biggest support 
groups for that act, which not only would treat behavioral health care like all other health care but would also create more opportunities to access be-havioral health care, were the younger veterans. The Iraq and Iran veterans and the veterans from Afghanistan wanted to have more choices and were big supporters of not just traditional VA services but other services as well. 
I am pleased that the bill today steps 
forward in important ways and does things for veterans. The bill we just voted on, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill, actually reached a record level of funding for veterans services. It in-creases veterans services by $7.9 billion over last year’s levels, and it appro-
priates $1 billion more than the Presi-dent asked for. 
It was also a bipartisan vote for lots 
of reasons. There should be no more of a bipartisan cause among all the fund-ing bills than a bill that takes care of veterans and provides the facilities for those who are serving and for their families’ needs. This is an important matter for us to address, and this is a great week for us to do it. 
This bill provides specific funding for 
women veterans. I was at a women’s veterans clinic in St. Louis recently. This bill includes additional care for Iraq and Afghanistan veterans. It pro-vides treatment for the kinds of trau-matic brain injuries that veterans often leave the military with today, which they did not have post-9/11 and post the cowardly devices that are used to attack our people in the service. 
It increases veterans funding in areas 
such as health care, benefit claims processing, medical research, and tech-nology upgrades. It also includes fund-ing for construction and renovation of projects that ensure military readiness and improve the quality of life for mili-tary families. 
As GEN Ray Odierno, the recently re-
tired Chief of Staff of the Army, has said, our military families are the strength of the military. Senator G
ILLIBRAND and I recently introduced a 
bill—The Military Families Stability Act—that allows us to do new things. It allows families for educational or professional reasons to stay longer or leave earlier, depending on when the person serving gets transferred. If there is a month of school left or a pro-fessional matter that the spouse needs to be a part of and needs to finish a job quickly or go to a job early, why wouldn’t we want to allow that to hap-pen through legislation? This legisla-tion looks at military families’ needs, among the other things it looks at. 
Because of the dissatisfaction that 
many of our veterans appropriately have with the Veterans’ Administra-tion, this bill includes necessary re-forms such as protection for whistle-blowers, the kind of protection that construction oversight managers need, and it assesses some new measures for construction oversight so that we don’t have these facilities costing more than they should cost. 
Frankly, if we look at competitive 
alternatives that veterans should have available to them, it is probably a good time to think about how we could make that program work better—rath-er than to continue to invest more money in facilities that they have to drive by—with better locations to get to that would give them that choice. 
This bill has been ready for months 
now. I was disappointed the Democrats blocked consideration of this bill ear-lier this year, but I am pleased that we finally got to a bill that everybody could vote for. It actually shows how shortsighted the lack of willingness was to let us do our work, to bring this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.011 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7888 November 10, 2015 
bill to the floor, and to let Members 
offer amendments. Those amendments were either included in the bill or ex-plained to Members: No, this is already in there. We have already taken care of this, and this is why this doesn’t have to be done. 
We have a real obligation to take 
care of our veterans—those who have served for our country—and I hope we continue to build on the work we have done today. 
Earlier today we also passed the bi-
partisan Defense Authorization Act, another bill we could have gotten to earlier. In fact, the House passed it ear-lier. The President vetoed it, but now that same essential bill goes back to the President’s desk because some other problem has been solved that should never have been tied to author-izing the defense of the country. 
Every year since 2011, the Congress 
has passed and the President has signed a bill just like the bill we passed today that would make it clear to the President that the Congress doesn’t want the President to go forward with his proposed changes for Guantanamo. Unfortunately, the media reports sug-gest that the President once again is considering acting unilaterally to bring terrorists to the United States. Both of these bills today said no ter-rorist can be brought to the United States from Guantanamo. 
It is another example of the Presi-
dent ignoring the law, deciding instead: I am going to enforce the law I want to enforce, and I am going to ignore the law I want to ignore. He did that a few months ago with Executive amnesty. The President decided there are some laws that relate to people who are in the country and who are here without documents that he doesn’t intend to enforce. Unfortunately for the Presi-dent and fortunately for the law, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-cuit ruled last night that the President can’t do what the President said he was going to do. An earlier court had im-mediately said the President can’t do what he said he was going to do. 
This morning, I heard one of the 
spokesmen for the White House say: Well, every legal expert we have talked to believes the President has the au-thority to do this. Well, apparently none of the legal experts they have talked to are Federal judges, because Federal judges now, at the two levels below the Supreme Court, have decided that the President doesn’t have, in all likelihood, the authority he says he has. 
The courts, along with a bipartisan 
majority of the Congress, have taken the President to task on a sweeping new rule on waters of the United States—an issue we debated here last week. The law says the EPA has the authority to regulate navigable waters in the country. For 170 years everybody understood what that meant, and I think everybody still probably under-stands what that means, even the peo-ple at the EPA, who want it to mean something much broader than it clear-
ly means. The Federal courts, again, at both the first level and the appeals level—the appeal of the appeal court and the appeal court have said: No, you don’t have the authority to do that. We are not going to let that rule go into effect. 
That rule, by the way, in my State 
would put more than 99 percent of all of the geography of Missouri under the control of the EPA for anything that is related to water, including any water that runs off a roof, any water that runs off a parking lot, any water that runs down a roadside ditch. If the EPA wants that authority, they need to come to the Congress and say: Change the law. Give us the authority over all of the landmass, 99.3 percent of Mis-souri and similar amounts in many other States. Give us that authority. 
Of course, the Congress wouldn’t do 
that. The Congress knew what they were doing when they said ‘‘navigable waters,’’ and the EPA has never sug-gested to the Congress that the Con-gress change the law. The EPA would like to change it on their own, but the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals said: No, you don’t have the authority to do that. 
Here is another issue that has to go 
to the Supreme Court. Apparently, the President doesn’t mind going to the Supreme Court and doesn’t mind being reversed by the Supreme Court. The President particularly, it appears, doesn’t mind being reversed by the Su-preme Court if somehow the rules got by the other two levels of Federal court, as the mercury rule did 2 years ago. Twenty-two months later, when the Supreme Court finally ruled, they said: No, the EPA doesn’t have the au-thority to regulate that item in that way. But even people at the EPA said: Well, even though we didn’t have the authority, 1,500 powerplants had to close down permanently because of the rule. And they seemed to take great pleasure in the fact that the rule ac-complished its goal even though the law was not served and the EPA, ac-cording to the Supreme Court, didn’t have the authority for that rule. 
On the President’s overreach, I re-
introduced a law again this year—the Executive Needs to Faithfully Observe and Respect Congressional Enactments of the Law Act—the ENFORCE Act— which simply says something one would never think the Congress would have to say to the President, which is: Mr. President, you have to enforce the law. Mr. President, you have taken an oath to uphold the Constitution. There is a way to do this job in a constitu-tional way, and there is a way to do the job in the way you are doing it now. 
We shouldn’t need this bill. The 
President swore to uphold the law. With the action we took today, we see another place where the Congress has clearly spoken over and over and over again, and the President says: If the Congress won’t do this, I am going to do it on my own. Apparently, the President has discov-
ered some authority as Commander in Chief to close military bases. Does that mean the President on his own can close any military base in the country? I don’t think that is a precedent we want to set. There is a way to do this. The Congress has to be involved. The laws of the Constitution have to be re-spected. 
Over and over again, even on the eve 
of Veterans Day—a celebration of those who did more than anybody else to de-fend our freedoms—even on the eve of Veterans Day, we need to remind our-selves what the Constitution is all about, what the country stands for, and the freedoms those veterans were will-ing to serve to defend. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it 
is my habit to give my ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speeches once a week when the Senate is in session. It is also a prac-tice of mine to go to other States—par-ticularly States that have Republican Senators—to look at what is happening in the States and get a sense of where the local universities and the local ex-perts are with respect to climate change. My last visit was to Ohio. I have also been to New Hampshire, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-gia, Florida, Tennessee, and Iowa. The thing that is common across all of those trips is that there is no denying climate change in those States. The de-nial is the function of this building, and it is the function of the wall of money the fossil fuel industry has erected around this building. But pick a State university in the country and go there, and we find there is simply not climate denial. 
I am joined today by my friend 
S
HERROD BROWN , Ohio’s senior Senator, 
who was kind enough to accompany me on the trip—on several parts of it, any-way. We went to Cleveland. We had a couple of meetings there together. An-other one of my visits was to Lake Erie, which got clobbered by the cyanotic bacteria that shut down Tole-do’s water system, which is also cli-mate change-related. 
Let me yield to the Senator from 
Ohio for a few moments, and then we can talk about Cleveland and the lake. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator W
HITEHOUSE . 
When I introduced Senator W HITE-
HOUSE to the mayor of Cleveland and to 
a number of experts in Cleveland, from public health officials, to wind energy entrepreneurs, to community groups to whom climate change matters so much, I introduced him as probably— not just probably—there is no person in the Senate who has done a better job of focusing public attention on the threats of climate change and what it means to our way of life and what it means to our country. I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.054 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7889 November 10, 2015 
I want to point to what happened in 
Toledo, OH, in 2011. This green color in this picture is algae bloom. This is a small boat that is making its way through the algae bloom. 
This wasn’t even the year Toledo 
residents lost their water supply. In 2014—last August, 15 months ago— algae blooms were so serious in Lake Erie and in the western basin—Toledo is in the western basin of Lake Erie, Cleveland is sort of central, and then Ashtabula and Erie, PA, are in the eastern basin of Lake Erie. Again, this is not the most serious situation, al-though the algae bloom is so over-whelming here. This green is all algae bloom. The lake actually should be the color—where you can see dark blue here, that is normally the color of the lake. We can see the wake of the boat, and that is the normal color of the lake, as the boat plowed through the algae bloom. 
The problem with Lake Erie is that 
it is the most vulnerable lake because it is the shallowest lake in the western basin of Lake Erie. In this part of Lake Erie, it is only 30 feet deep. It is fed by the Maumee River, which is the largest tributary of any river into any of the five Great Lakes. Keep in mind that it is 30 feet deep here, fed by farmland and commercial activity and industry and homeowners—greater Toledo in northwest Ohio. Contrast that with Lake Superior. It is 30 feet deep here, and Lake Superior is 600 feet deep on average. And Lake Superior mostly drains forests, so we can see why Cleve-land and Toledo are so vulnerable to climate change and so vulnerable to pollution and all that has happened with the algae blooms. 
People in Toledo—500,000 people lost 
their drinking water for 2
1⁄2days. Peo-
ple were great, stepping up from all over southern Michigan, eastern Indi-ana, and northwest Ohio to ship in water for people. But it made such a— it says to us that climate change isn’t the only reason this happened, but it is clearly happening. We are seeing this algae bloom worse and worse and worse in hot weather. 
One other thing about this Great 
Lake. Lake Erie is only 2 percent of all of the Great Lakes’ water—five Great Lakes. Lake Erie is only 2 percent of all the Great Lakes’ water because it is shallow and its surface areas are not as big as the others. Fifty percent of the fish of all of the Great Lakes are in Lake Erie because fish will produce and will prosper in shallower, warmer water, but the water was too warm be-cause of climate change and all of the things that came out of that. 
In this meeting we had with Dr. 
Aparna Bole—a pediatric specialist at Cleveland’s University Hospital—she talked about asthma rates. We heard from others too. 
I will turn it back to Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE and ask him what he learned 
from these meetings. He was not just in meetings with people in Cleveland learning about what climate change means there, he also went to the Stone 
Lab and he can tell us about that. Then he had an amazing meeting at Ohio State University with some of Amer-ica’s amazing climate scientists. I will kick it back to Senator W
HITEHOUSE  
and again thank him for traveling the country every single week and looking for places where climate change has done the most damage in terms that people can understand. His leadership is so important. 
I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for the 
work he has done, and I am so grateful he came to the city of Cleveland and joined us. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Well, I was very 
happy to join the Senator. I thought Frank Jackson was extremely impres-sive on this subject. He pointed out that there are times in life when we simply have to go to the future, and if you decide to hang on to the past, you will fail as a result of missing that curve. He said that the business com-munity in Cleveland was really begin-ning to get that, beginning to take it on. So he has led with a Cleveland Cli-mate Action Plan, which is one of the best ones in the country. 
We went to a great place where they 
are growing lettuce hydroponically, 3, 4 acres in an old building, under an open glass ceiling. They are using captured rain water; they are recycling it. The people there have jobs that pay well. They were the owners of the project and they were really vested in it. Wasn’t the morale of the people work-ing there phenomenal? It was terrific. 
Dr. Aparna Bole, whom Senator 
B
ROWN mentioned, was very in tune to 
what was happening in minority com-munities as a result of climate change from asthma, from heat. She is seeing it with her young patients. She was wonderful, talking about that. At this point, because of toxic ground level ozone and ragweed being triggers for asthma attacks—she has seen so much of that. She said that more than one in five African-American kids in Cleve-land has asthma, and she connects it to what is happening in climate change. 
Of course, we understand that in 
Rhode Island because we have the same bad air days where we have to have kids stay indoors and elderly people stay indoors, all because of the air coming from the Midwest that has been fouled by these coal-burning power-plants. 
Out on Lake Erie I met with some of 
the scientists from Stone Labs and a couple of the lifelong fishing captains who had been out there on the lake. Here are some of the water samples we took while we were out. It is clean now—this is what the water should look like—but back before, when the climate change-driven rain bursts were flooding Lake Erie with phosphorus from the farms in the watershed, there was an explosion of cyanotic bacteria to the point where these guys said driv-ing their boats wasn’t like driving through water, it was like driving through pudding, and the wake would slurp over instead of turning the way a 
regular boat’s wake would. One of them had been doing this for 35 years and he said: I don’t know this lake any longer. I don’t know where the fish are going to be. For 35 years I have fished this lake, and now it is like a stranger to me because of all these changes that are happening. 
That is exactly what my Rhode Is-
land fishermen are telling me, too, about Narragansett Bay and Rhode Is-land Sound. We are here with the Sen-ator from Massachusetts. ‘‘S
HELDON , it 
is getting weird out there. S HELDON , 
this is not my grandfather’s ocean.’’ We have some responsibilities to pay attention to these people and to listen to them. 
One of the most impressive parts of 
the trip was this at Ohio State. Ohio State is host to the Byrd Polar and Cli-mate Research Center named after the famous polar explorer Admiral Byrd. These two scientists, Ellen Mosley- Thompson and Lonnie Thompson, have spent their lives traveling all over the planet going to these incredible, far-away places—the North Pole, the South Pole, to the Greenland icecap, going to glaciers high in Peru, going to glaciers in the faraway mountains of China. They drill down and take a core sample out of the glacier and get hun-dreds of thousands of years of data in that core sample. 
Then there you are on the top of a 
glacier in Peru or China, and you have to figure out how to get this core sam-ple back to Ohio—and it has to stay frozen the whole time. So they had this huge logistical challenge. They con-quered all of that. They are two amaz-ing people. 
These are all the core samples from 
glaciers all around the globe. Some of them, because of the way climate has dissipated the glaciers, where they drilled the core sample the glacier doesn’t exist anymore. It is the last record of gone glaciers. 
Here is a picture they had. This is 
the same site. On this side is a picture of the glacier. You can see striations from the seasons and years going by, and they took this picture from the same place. You can see how the gla-cier used to be right in front of them and now this glacier is off in the dis-tance. It has moved back as the cli-mate has warmed. 
They gave me this. This is a piece of 
plant matter. You can hardly see it. It is plants that were unearthed as the glacier moved back, and they can date them. Those plants were last out 6,626 years ago, when a snow covered those plants. Snow piled on to snow and it was buried under the glacier. It stayed and it stayed, and thousands of years went by. Then, after thousands of years had gone by, Jesus came and walked the Earth, and then thousands more years came by, and now the glaciers are melting so fast that here it is. You can look, and you can still see the leaves. It is squashed and old, but it hasn’t decomposed because of the way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.056 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7890 November 10, 2015 
it was preserved under the glacier that 
is going away now. In this laboratory they have this incredible treasure. You can go in and you can find air that was on this planet when Jesus walked the Earth, and it is still preserved just the way it was in the ice. You can find dust from dust storms that were written about in Egyptian hieroglyphics, and there is the actual dust held in the ice. This is the record that the climate science is based on, and it truly is a marvel. 
The last thing I will mention is that 
we also stopped by the Ohio State Cen-ter for Automotive Research. Here is a brandnew Camaro in the background. They work with GM to get cars brand- spanking-new, a high-performance American Camaro. These students are going to take it apart and put it back together so it runs cheaper, faster, and with less fuel. They are going to make a hybrid Camaro with the same level of performance, and it is really very im-pressive what they are doing. They know climate change is here. That is why they are doing this stuff. 
I will close out because I have other 
Senators waiting, but I thank Senator B
ROWN for taking me around Cleveland, 
meeting all the people we did, and tak-ing me on those visits. I thank the folks at Ohio State. Stone Labs out on Lake Erie is an Ohio State facility. The Byrd Polar and Climate Research Center is an Ohio State facility. I met with the John Glenn Institute folks at Ohio State University. 
Look, if you are a Buckeye fan and 
you are listening, pay attention to what Ohio University says about cli-mate change. Don’t listen to the fossil fuel phonies. Listen to what your home State university says. These guys are deadly serious. They know it is real. I don’t think there is a home State uni-versity in this country that is denying climate change, and yet this body is stuck in denial. It has nothing to do with the facts; otherwise the home State universities would say something different. You can’t go home and root for the Buckeyes on the weekend and then come here and deny climate change and pretend you are being true to your home State university. I don’t care what your home State is—Iowa, Oklahoma, Florida, Georgia—you name it. Go to the big State universities. They understand that climate change is real. 
What prevents us from acting isn’t 
information, it is the wall of special in-fluence money that the fossil fuel in-dustry has built around this place, and it is time we woke up and got on with our business. So I will close with that. 
I am grateful for the people in Ohio 
who showed me around, particularly to Dave Spangler and Paul Pacholski, lifelong charter boat captains. They make their living out on Lake Erie. They know what it is like out there, and they know what climate change is doing to their beloved lake and their beloved way of life. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
f 
OVERSIGHT OF THE EXECUTIVE 
BRANCH 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, over-
sight of the executive branch of gov-ernment by the Congress is as old as the Constitution, it is a critical role, and it is one that was intended by the writers of the Constitution. I believe oversight leads to better government, better laws, and actually saves the tax-payers money. That is why this Sen-ator works very hard at oversight. 
I went after the Reagan Defense De-
partment for wasteful spending in the 1980s. I held up the Department of Jus-tice nominees during the Bush admin-istration to get my oversight letters answered, just as I am doing now with the Obama Department of State. I voted in support of giving the Judici-ary Committee the authority to issue subpoenas regarding its inquiry into the firing of U.S. attorneys during the Bush administration when a lot of Re-publicans didn’t want that to happen. My belief in and exercise of the over-sight role by Congress is longstanding and nonpartisan. 
Yesterday the Senate minority lead-
er said my investigation into the De-partment of State’s use of special gov-ernment employee designations and how Secretary Clinton’s private email arrangement interfered with the Free-dom of Information Act compliance is political. This simply is not so. This in-vestigation involves many things, but it does not involve politics. His speech yesterday inferred that I was doing all these things for political reasons. That is simply not true, nor is it in accord-ance with my reputation as an equal opportunity overseer. 
My investigation into the potential 
abuse of the special government em-ployee designations and Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email server and the potential spillage of classified information is not political. It is evi-dence-based, and it has something to do with our national security. 
Unfortunately, the Department has 
been largely uncooperative since June of 2013. The Department’s lack of co-operation has caused me to place 22 holds on its nominees. These are not secret holds. I have placed, according to the rules of the Senate, a statement in the R
ECORD of why those holds are 
placed, and to correct the senior Sen-ator from Nevada, my holds do not in-clude 600 Foreign Service officers and do not include individuals from Iowa. 
With respect to my pending requests 
to the Department of State, I am still waiting for a full production of docu-ments from my June 2013 oversight re-quest—the constitutional responsi-bility of those of us who pass laws and appropriate money. That happened to be 2
1⁄2years ago, and the State Depart-
ment has still not produced the mate-rials I have requested. The Department has implemented several clever strate-gies to delay the process. I will give 
you some examples. The Department routinely assigns new employees to handle different requests. Each time a new employee is assigned we get the same excuses why they cannot deliver on our requests. These excuses go something like this: I am new, so I don’t know who to talk to and where to find the documents. 
For years the Department has de-
layed in productions, each time with more excuses. For instance, the De-partment still refuses to answer wheth-er Secretary Clinton’s private server was approved. The Department has failed to provide emails for Depart-ment personnel communicating about Secretary Clinton’s private server that we have strong reason to believe exist. The Department took over 2 months to schedule a single interview with a former employee. The Department for over 2 months has refused to provide instructions it gave to Clinton attor-ney David Kendall to secure the thumb drives that contained classified infor-mation—even though the Department was quoted in the news as providing those instructions. The Department has failed to provide travel reimburse-ments and leave documents for its em-ployees. On August 5 of this year, I re-quested classification nondisclosure forms for Secretary Clinton, Huma Abedin, and Cheryl Mills. On November 5, the Department provided those docu-ments to a Freedom of Information Act requester but not to the committee. 
I highlight that. The Freedom of In-
formation Act request was made, but the same information that was sought by a congressional committee—one was granted and the other so far has been denied. While the Department provided the documents to that requester under the Freedom of Information Act, De-partment employees told me they had been unable to find those documents. 
Not only has the Judiciary Com-
mittee experienced unacceptable De-partment of State delays in receiving the information we request, others in-side and outside of the government have experienced delays as well. 
The Associated Press sued the State 
Department over the failure to satisfy repeated document requests under the Freedom of Information Act related to these same agents. One of these re-quests dates back 5 years ago. 
Judge Richard Leon of the U.S. Dis-
trict Court for the District of Colum-bia, the judge responsible for this case, scolded the State Department for its failure to produce documents on time: 
Now, any person should be able to review 
that in one day—one day. Even the least am-bitious bureaucrat could do this. 
Let there be no mistake about this 
investigation. This investigation is centered on the Freedom of Informa-tion Act, a law that is within the Judi-ciary Committee’s jurisdiction. This investigation is centered on potential abuse of the special government em-ployee designation that allows govern-ment employees to be paid by outside 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.057 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7891 November 10, 2015 
employers, in this case hundreds of 
thousands of dollars by a consulting firm run by a former Clinton adminis-tration employee. 
This investigation is centered on po-
tential violations of the Federal Records Act and holding government officials accountable for their actions. This investigation is centered on whether public officials properly han-dled classified information. 
Nobody is above the law. Senior gov-
ernment officials and regular employ-ees should get equal treatment under the law, and that treatment should be fair and objective. It should not depend on what your position is. 
When it looks like the treatment is 
different, we have to figure out what is going on. For example, it looks like other government employees are sub-ject to very different treatment when accused of mishandling classified infor-mation. 
Army LTC Jason Amerine, a deco-
rated war hero, contacted Congress to try to warn about bureaucratic prob-lems with U.S. hostage recovery ef-forts, problems that he believed were putting lives at risk. He was accused of improperly transmitting classified in-formation to Congress in the process. 
This war hero was removed from his 
job, was escorted out of the Pentagon, had his clearances suspended, had his scheduled retirement delayed indefi-nitely, was fingerprinted and had a mug shot taken, was threatened with court-martial, and was subject to ex-tensive investigation. 
After almost a year of being inves-
tigated, the Army decided not to court- martial Lieutenant Colonel Amerine. 
Instead, he was awarded the Legion 
of Merit for exceptionally meritorious service and was finally allowed to re-tire. But look at how differently he, a war hero, was treated when accused of mishandling classified information compared to Secretary Clinton and her associates. Where was the minority leader in trying to help this war hero from these attacks from this adminis-tration? 
Nowhere to be seen is the answer to 
that. 
It is apparent that some have a selec-
tive memory when it comes to putting value on oversight and investigations. But I do not. I have been consistent in my oversight role my entire career, in-vestigating Republicans and Demo-crats. 
My oversight and investigations unit 
is involved in many investigations. The vast majority of them have nothing to do with Secretary Clinton. 
Looking out for the public interest 
isn’t a waste of time, and I will keep at 
it regardless of misguided attacks on my motivations and mischaracterizations of my work. I will continue this investigation because the American people have a right to the truth and government officials have an obligation to answer to ‘‘We the Peo-ple.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that an article dated September 4, 2015, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Daily Beast, Sept. 4, 2015] 
THEHILLARY EMAIL DOUBLE STANDARD  
(By Danielle Brian) 
How whistleblowers see their lives de-
stroyed over infractions the powerful get away with. 
Watching the news about Hillary Clinton’s 
emails, it is remarkable to see how many people now have opinions about the over-classification of information and the relative merits of prosecuting people for mishandling classified material or destroying government records. 
Newspapers, blogs, and television reports 
are full of pundits explaining the law as they see it, with people opining about who is right: the two Inspectors General who assert there was classified material in her emails, or the State Department, which asserts that the information was not classified at the time. 
So where were all these ‘‘experts’’ when 
whistleblowers accused of the same infrac-tion—mishandling classified material—were forced to spend a fortune on lawyers, were fired from their jobs, and were threatened with imprisonment? 
The amount of time being spent by Hillary 
Clinton defenders and detractors parsing rules, policies, and laws on whether she broke the law is maddening. That time des-perately needs to be spent on transforming the classification system and modernizing electronic records retention policies, as promised in the Obama administration’s sec-ond National Action Plan for the Open Gov-ernment Partnership nearly two years ago. 
It is hard to reconcile Clinton’s actions 
with her speech at the 2012 opening session of the Open Government Partnership: ‘‘In the 21st century, the United States is convinced that one of the most significant divisions among nations will not be north/south, east/ west, religious, or any other category so much as whether they are open or closed so-cieties. We believe that countries with open governments, open economies, and open soci-eties will increasingly flourish. They will be-come more prosperous, healthier, more se-cure, and more peaceful.’’ 
She was right then. It is essential to main-
tain the records of our policymakers for his-torical analysis so that the public can know what actions have been taken in our name by our leaders. Clinton did not maintain these records. The fact is she indisputably broke the rules, and although that is not a criminal offense, it certainly is a political one. 
Even more infuriating is the disparity of 
treatment between the politically powerful and everyday truth-tellers. High-level offi-cials often receive little more than a tap on the wrist for mishandling classified informa-tion. But whistleblowers seeking to expose wrongdoing and protect the public are al-most without exception subjected to over-zealous investigations and prosecution. 
Rather than focusing on the distinction be-
tween whether a person deliberately released classified information or not, the more ap-propriate lens is whether there was an in-tended public benefit for that disclosure, such as protecting public health or safety or revealing wrongdoing. 
Of course the Secretary of State had some 
classified information in her emails. As Bill Leonard, former director of the federal Infor-mation Security Oversight Office, told Reu-ters, information that foreign officials give U.S. officials in confidence is ‘‘born classi-fied.’’ 
And yes, the government is dramatically 
overclassifying information. Clinton herself tweeted that the government’s ridiculous 
classification rules are the ‘‘real problem.’’ But rather than tackling the many problems with the classification system, or inves-tigating Clinton through the post-Wikileaks ‘‘insider threat’’ program created to inves-tigate individuals who exploited, com-promised, or made an unauthorized disclo-sure of classified information, the State De-partment has spent weeks defending their former boss and claiming dismissively that nothing was classified at the time anyway. 
General Petraeus, who deliberately gave 
classified information to his lover/biog-rapher, was afforded similar latitude, with Senator Feinstein going so far as to make a public plea for clemency in his case. In the end he was only given a paltry fine—one that he will be able to pay off with less than one of his speaking engagement fees. 
The Department of Defense Inspector Gen-
eral (IG) tried to bury, and then gutted, its own report that concluded then-CIA Director Leon Panetta had released classified infor-mation about the Osama bin Laden raid to the Zero Dark Thirty Hollywood producers. 
Panetta was never penalized despite the IG’s findings. 
In stark comparison, even national secu-
rity whistleblowers who worked through proper channels, including reporting to their superiors, Inspectors General, and the Con-gress, are faced with a white-hot vindictive frontal attack from the government. 
NSA whistleblower Tom Drake and Justice 
Department whistleblower Thomas Tamm both had armed FBI agents raid their homes. Drake reported to the Pentagon IG and Con-gress about the NSA’s unconstitutional and wasteful overreach through its domestic sur-veillance program (years before Edward Snowden). Tamm also challenged the legal-ity of the government’s warrantless wiretap program. 
Tamm lost his clearance and his govern-
ment career. Drake was prosecuted for espio-nage and lost his career after pleading to the misdemeanor of ‘‘excceding the authorized use of a computer.’’ Both spent a fortune on attorneys. 
Air Marshal Robert MacLean had to take 
his case all the way to the Supreme Court to prove that he had a right to reveal unclassified information to a TV reporter 
about the TSA’s decision to remove air mar-shals from high-risk flights after 9/11. His disclosure forced the TSA to reverse their plan and to better protect the public by keeping air marshals on cross-country flights. MacLean won, but he and his family had to put their lives on hold while he fought his case for years without a paycheck. 
Lieutenant Colonel Jason Amerine is being 
investigated by the Army Criminal Inves-tigation Division over accusations of reveal-ing classified information to Congress , which 
is permitted by law to receive disclosures about wrongdoing in the executive branch. His disclosure to Congress led the White House to overhaul its hostage recovery poli-cies. Yet his retirement from the military, after an extraordinary and decorated career in the Army, has been put on hold indefi-nitely as the investigation drags on. 
Our system now protects the powerful and 
attacks the heroes, both of which are fun-damentally un-American. 
So let’s stop wasting time making politi-
cally expedient proclamations that serve no purpose but to score points for candidates. There are real issues all the campaigns should address: We need to dramatically shrink the incidence of and incentives for overclassification. We also need to apply a public interest balancing test so that when there is an alleged breach of classified infor-mation, the violation is weighed against the benefits of the information becoming known. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.059 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7892 November 10, 2015 
And we need to level the playing field so that 
there aren’t different accountability stand-ards for those with clout and those without. 
If the dialogue doesn’t change, most fed-
eral employees who witnesses waste, fraud. or abuse will feel the chill and decide against stepping forward while the politically power-ful class will continue to be rewarded and see their transgressions forgiven. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR LARGE 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, before 
long, two must-pass pieces of legisla-tion will come to the floor, a highway bill and a government-funding bill. It is like ringing the dinner bell for Wall Street banks. The lobbyists are swarm-ing this place. They want to roll back financial regulations, and they are working every contact they can to at-tach these rollbacks to anything that moves. 
It is a pretty neat trick. They prob-
ably can’t get a rollback of financial regulations passed out in the open where Americans can see what is hap-pening and see which Senators and which representatives voted to gut the rules for Wall Street banks. So they slipped these rollbacks into must-pass legislation, which gives the financial industry’s friends in Congress a lot of cover. 
Of course, it is not just Wall Street 
that is trying this. Lobbyists and their Republican allies want to weaken the rules protecting workers, retirees, and our environment. They want to defund Planned Parenthood, attack civil rights laws, and shove all kinds of other provisions that would be terrible for our country. But, as in so many things, Wall Street is the true master of this strategy. 
It has been almost 1 year since 
Citigroup lobbyists wrote a provision to blast a hole in Dodd-Frank and, at the last minute, got it attached to a government funding bill. Since the government would have shut down if the funding bill hadn’t passed, that Citigroup amendment made it through tacked on the back of the funding deal. 
The provision that got blown up last 
year was called ‘‘Prohibition against Federal Government bailouts of swaps entities.’’ The idea behind the rule is pretty simple. If a bank wanted to enter into certain risky deals—such as the credit default swaps that had been at the heart of the 2008 crisis—it had to bear all of the risk itself instead of passing it along to taxpayers. That was the provision that Congress repealed. 
Because Democrats weren’t willing 
to shut down the government, Wall Street won that round. But this isn’t over. Congressman E
LIJAH CUMMINGS  
and I decided to hunt down the impact of the Citigroup amendment. We opened an investigation, and today we released our findings. 
There are lots of details, but here is 
the takeaway. The FDIC estimates that the provision written by Citigroup 
lobbyists last year allows a few banks to put taxpayers on the hook for risky swaps with an estimated value of near-ly $10 trillion. And what does it mean to load up on swaps such as this? The FDIC said: ‘‘Generally speaking, large volumes of derivative activity con-ducted by a [bank] would be expected to increase its risk profile. 
And who is gobbling down most of 
this $10 trillion of risk? Three huge banks: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Bank of America—three banks, nearly $10 trillion. 
Now $10 trillion is a lot of risky busi-
ness. Just remember, the whole TARP bailout was less than $1 trillion. Now a few banks—a few too-big-to-fail banks—are going to keep another $10 trillion in risky business on their books. These banks will happily suck down the profits when their high- stakes bets work out, and they will just as happily turn to the taxpayers to bail them out when there is a prob-lem—all of this because the lobbyists persuaded Congress to do just one little favor for them. 
Earlier today Congressman C
UM-
MINGS and I asked the Government Ac-
countability Office to do more analysis of these issues. But whatever the GAO finds, Congress now has 10 trillion rea-sons to stand up to Citigroup and bring back the swaps pushout rule to ensure that working families in this country— families with mortgages and student loans to pay and kids to take care of— aren’t on the hook again, this time for $10 trillion of the big banks’ risky bets. Congress has one job here. Congress should strengthen, not roll back, finan-cial rules before one of these banks takes down our economy again. 
But bills to hold the big banks more 
accountable aren’t getting much trac-tion around here. Instead, right now people in Congress are talking about repealing more Dodd-Frank provisions. That is right. At this very moment lob-byists and Senators are plotting new ways to take cops off the beat on Wall Street and to weaken, delay or dilute the rules that protect consumers and hold big banks accountable and then to hook those rollbacks either onto a bill to fund our highways or to keep our government open. 
Now, Republicans say: Hey, if you 
want to get something done, if you want to repair our roads or keep the government open, this is the price; help the big banks. 
To be fair, Republicans are also get-
ting some help from some Democrats. They say: Wall Street accountability is important, but I just want to get some-thing done around here for a change; so let’s go along. 
Well, yes, I want to get something 
done too. Who doesn’t? But I didn’t come here to carry water for the big banks. 
If Republicans think it is time to 
talk about financial reform, then let’s put it all on the table and let’s have ev-eryone in Congress—Democrats and Republicans—declare publicly where 
they stand. If the industry wants to push rollbacks, then I want to make it easier to send bankers to jail when they launder money for drug cartels or when they rig foreign exchange mar-kets or when they cheat pension funds out of desperately needed money. 
If the industry wants to chip away at 
financial oversight, then I want to have a serious, on-the-record conversa-tion about breaking up the biggest banks. Let’s start with the three that are taking $10 trillion in risky business onto their books: Citibank, JPMorgan Chase, and Bank of America. 
Yes, the American people want us to 
get something done. They are begging us to do some real work, but I don’t hear a lot of my constituents asking us to water down financial rules and to do more favors for the big banks. 
So let’s put it to the American peo-
ple. Are you ready to weaken Dodd- Frank, to give the biggest banks in the country more chances to take more risks and to leave you holding the bag, or is it time for a little more account-ability—accountability for large finan-cial institutions that month after month are in the headlines for break-ing the law? Is it time to stop pre-tending and truly get rid of too big to fail once and for all? We can let every Republican and every Democrat vote in Congress on these questions. Let’s do it with microphones on and the cameras rolling, but not behind closed doors and out of public view. 
We need to vote on a highway bill. 
We need to vote on a government fund-ing bill. And if there is anyone in this Chamber, Republican or Democrat, who thinks they can slip goodies for Wall Street into these bills without a fight, they are very wrong. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
f 
VETERANS DAY 
LUCIUS FORSYTH AND ROBERT ‘‘EMMETT ’’ 
STANLEY  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, in com-
memoration, celebration, and honor of Veterans Day, I would like to share the stories of two Louisiana heroes who served in World War II: Lucius Forsyth and Robert ‘‘Emmett’’ Stanley—two Louisianans who answered the call to serve and did so most honorably. 
Lucius Forsyth left his home in Pau-
lina, LA, to serve in World War II in his late teens as a U.S. Navy seaman aboard the USS Saratoga . On February 
21, 1945, Lucius and the crew of the Saratoga experienced the most con-
centrated assault of World War II against a warship. The Saratoga and 
her 3,500 sailors fought bravely as the Japanese forces attacked the ship for 3 hours. Bombs were dropped and five Japanese kamikazes crashed their air-craft into the Saratoga . 
Seven levels below the main deck, 
Lucius knew that the impact of a bomb or a kamikaze near his location would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.041 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7893 November 10, 2015 
mean certain death. Ignoring the dan-
ger, Lucius continued to work in the compartments adjacent to the ammu-nition stockpiles. Mr. President, 125 members of the Saratoga lost their 
lives that day. 
Lucius remained aboard the Saratoga 
for the rest of the war. After the Japa-nese surrendered, he returned home, married Rita Bourgeois of Gonzales, LA, raised 5 children, and today is blessed with 21 grandchildren and 20 great-grandchildren. 
The other Louisiana veteran I would 
like to recognize is Robert ‘‘Emmett’’ Stanley. Born in New Orleans in 1923, Emmett left home shortly after grad-uating from high school to serve the United States. He enlisted in the Navy Reserve in 1943 and served as a seaman first class on the USS Luce. 
On the morning of May 4, 1945, 1 day 
after Emmett’s 22nd birthday, Japa-nese kamikaze pilots attacked the USS Luce. Emmett was knocked to the deck 
as shrapnel pierced his scalp through his steel helmet and fragmented pieces went into his legs. He still feels pain from those injuries today. 
Emmett and the other crew members 
were soon given orders to abandon the USS Luce after more kamikazes 
struck. Emmett swam 40 yards away from the sinking ship to avoid being sucked under by the waves, but a sec-ond explosion forced more shrapnel into his stomach. Out of the 312 men on the USS Luce, 126 were killed in the at-
tack. 
Although eligible then, Emmett did 
not receive his Purple Heart until Oc-tober 17 of this year, when he was the honoree at the U.S. Navy Birthday Ball. He was thrilled to be surrounded by his entire family. 
These are two stories about heroism 
and valor, but there are many more. Let me brag a little bit about a couple of young men who work on my staff. 
One young man, Chris Anderson, en-
listed in the Army after completing his college education. He could have pur-sued business or graduate school, but Chris wanted to serve our country in the War on Terror. He did so bravely and honorably in Afghanistan clearing ordnance. Imagine what his mother thought every night, knowing the job he had. Now he is a tireless advocate for VA reform so that those he served with can get the care they need and de-serve. 
Another member of my staff back in 
Baton Rouge, Michael Eby, served in the Louisiana National Guard for 9 years and was awarded the National Defense Medal and the Louisiana War Cross. 
To Lucius, Emmett, Chris, and Mi-
chael and all who served and serve now, thank you for your service. This Vet-erans Day and every day, we remember your sacrifices, courage, and dedica-tion to ensuring that our children, their children, and we all can live in freedom in the greatest Nation in the world. May God bless you, your fami-lies, and the United States of America. I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ). The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. 
f 
CHILD POVERTY 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this 
afternoon to talk about a set of issues we don’t, frankly, spend enough time on that relate to our children. I have often said—and I think it is true throughout this Chamber when we talk about these issues—that we come to this because we are concerned about the future of this country when we talk about what happens to our children. 
I have always believed—and I think 
this is a prevailing point of view here in this Chamber and across the coun-try—that every child is born with a light inside them, the light of the full measure of their potential. Some chil-dren don’t need a lot of help along the way. They are born into circumstances or into families or born to parents or there are other factors that give them an advantage. They have a lot of abil-ity, and they do not need much in the way of intervention from any part of our society, including the government. Some children are born with a bright light, but it may not burn as brightly or shine as brightly as some other kids, and they need a little extra help. Some of those kids, if they get help when they are very young, can thrive and succeed and grow without any further help or assistance. 
If we are serious about growing the 
economy, if we are serious about cre-ating jobs and creating the kind of op-portunity that we say we are concerned about and that we say is part of the fabric of being an American, then we have to be concerned about what hap-pens to our kids. 
A lot of what I will talk about today 
can be summarized in maybe one line: As kids learn more now, they are going to earn more later. We know all the data shows that. The child who has ac-cess to early learning will earn more later in life. It also is essential that they have access to quality health care and the kind of security that comes when you have enough to eat—food se-curity. 
If we want our children to learn more 
now and earn more later, we have to make the right investments. Unfortu-nately, that child or any child won’t be able to learn more now and therefore 
earn more later if they live a life of poverty. Maybe some will get through, but that is very difficult. If we don’t take action against child poverty, we have already erected barriers in their path. 
Today, as of 2014, the latest numbers 
for child poverty in the United States are 21.1 percent. That number is up substantially since the great reces-sion—a couple of percentage points— and therefore there are millions more children living in poverty. 
In Pennsylvania, it is only a little 
lower—19.4 percent. No one here would try to make the case that is accept-
able, that 21 percent of children living in poverty is something we can accept. We should all be not only outraged by it but take action and have a sense of urgency to combat it. 
There are a couple of things we can 
do. First of all, we have to know what is happening to children on a broad range of topics. That is why we have to rely upon public policy expertise. There is a whole group of folks out 
there in organizations. I am holding in my hand just one example. You can’t see it from a distance, but this is a kind of one-page summary by the Annie E. Casey Foundation—no rela-tion to me but a great foundation that has tracked child well-being for years. They have four categories: economic well-being, education, health, and the fourth category is family and commu-nity. 
If you could see this up close, you 
would notice some categories. There are 16 altogether, with 4 indicators in 4 categories. 
If you look at the orange, wherever 
you see orange, that means the num-bers are getting worse for children. If you see green, that means we are doing better. So it is a mixed report, with some numbers getting better over the last 5 years or 7 years or time incre-ments such as that. But what has got-ten worse since the great recession is that the number of children living in poverty has gone up. The number of children whose parents lack secure em-ployment has gone up. Unfortunately, two other indicators of poverty—chil-dren in single-parent families is up, meaning the number has worsened, and children living in high-poverty areas is worse. 
I won’t go into those numbers today, 
but that is just an indication that childhood poverty has been a challenge for a long time. It got a lot worse after the great recession, when our economy began to collapse and folks across the country paid the price, and a lot of children have paid the price. 
So what do we do about it? One thing 
we do is to begin to see that at long last we can’t just talk about reducing child poverty. We can’t just nibble around the edges or hope a program here or a program there will help. We have to have a strategy. In order to have a strategy, we have to have a goal, and the goal ought to be that we reduce child poverty and take the same approach, frankly, the United Kingdom took a couple of years ago. 
I will walk through some of the back-
ground, but Senator B
ALDWIN and Sen-
ator B ROWN and I introduced a bill just 
last week—the Child Poverty Reduc-tion Act—to establish that kind of a target to reduce child poverty. Under the legislation, child poverty would be cut in half in 10 years. So child poverty would be cut in half in a decade. The second goal would be to eliminate child poverty in 20 years. Deep poverty would be eliminated in 10 years—mean-ing the worst kind of poverty for our children and for our families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.061 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7894 November 10, 2015 
To meet these goals, we would give 
an assignment to an interagency work-ing group to reduce child poverty, to develop a plan, and include rec-ommendations to improve coordination and efficiency of existing programs and initiatives, because there are a lot of them—and we can get to those in a mo-ment—along with recommendations for new legislation, new strategies, and new approaches to focus on child pov-
erty. 
Here is what happened in the United 
Kingdom. In 1999, the UK established a national child poverty target and measured in U.S. terms the UK’s child poverty target, and the policy changes made in conjunction with that effort reduced Britain’s child poverty rate by 50 percent in the first 10 years—a sig-nificant achievement. In comparison, between 2000 and 2013—a little more than a decade—in the United States, the child poverty rate increased by over 20 percent. So roughly in the same time period, as our poverty rate was going up for kids, the UK’s poverty rate for children was going down. One of the reasons for that—not the only reason—is they set a target, and both sides came together—the labor party, the conservatives—and the country made it a goal. We haven’t done that yet, and we need to focus on that kind of a goal. 
So one thing we need to do is to focus 
on a goal and have legislation to enact part of the strategy. Then, of course, we can’t just stop there. We can’t just assume having a target and working toward it is enough. 
One of the most powerful examples in 
my home State of Pennsylvania over the last couple of years of what it means to live in poverty—in this case, moms who were willing to tell their stories—is the effort undertaken by Witnesses to Hunger. That is what this photograph depicts—a child who was photographed by her mother. Other mothers were willing to take pictures of their children to tell the world about their own circumstances and to give us living proof of what it means to live in poverty, what it means to be a child living in poverty. That is Witnesses to Hunger. 
This all started at Drexel University, 
where they gave cameras to a group of moms who decided to open up their own lives, courageously and gener-ously, and to tell us more about these challenges. 
The first picture after that is a pic-
ture of a young woman by the name of Monique who is on her way to her local WIC office—the Women, Infants, and Children Program—the office in this part of Philadelphia. Monique says: ‘‘I love WIC because it supports me by helping me nurse my baby.’’ That is a picture of her and her baby. 
The next picture is a picture of a 
group of classmates, and the mom’s name is Shearine. Shearine’s daughter joins her classmates in this photo. Here is what Shearine says about her cir-cumstances and what she hopes for the future: My daughter and her classmates are sym-
bols of change. They have hope for a brighter future and faith that the adults in their lives will work together to make a change. We must do whatever it takes so that they can grow up and be strong, educated adults. 
I think Shearine gave us all an as-
signment, not just speaking to herself. I think she gave us all an assignment that we have to make sure we are tak-ing the steps necessary and essential to do all we can to give that bright future and to validate the faith those children have in us, whether we are going to meet our obligations to help those chil-dren—every single one of those chil-dren in that class picture. 
Finally, the last picture is of a young 
boy giving his mother Gale a great smile. In this photo, Gale captures her son’s happiness as he holds up nutri-tious bananas. It is good to have that in the picture. When we talk about child poverty and hunger, it is not just some public policy issue, some issue for a think tank to analyze. Child poverty is depicted in some of these pictures, but it is also in our newspapers every day of the week and in our midst. I hope more of us will be summoned by our conscience to do something con-structively about this issue. 
We have a lot to do in the next cou-
ple of months. We have child nutrition reauthorization, which is a great op-portunity for us to, at long last, begin to take steps in the right direction. 
The Women, Infants, and Children 
Program I mentioned before is one of those. One reason I am so concerned about where we are in the WIC Pro-gram is that some children literally are caught in a nutrition gap. Because they are age 5, they may be caught in a gap where they are not getting school meals and they are not getting nutri-tion any other way. Some children can experience this nutrition gap almost 12 months, almost a year being caught be-cause they turned 5. The time in this nutrition gap is a time when they are neither supported by WIC nor sup-ported by a school meals program. 
We had the privilege recently of talk-
ing to a constituent from Western Pennsylvania. Her son is currently 4 years old. He will be enrolled in kinder-garten in the fall of 2016. When he en-rolls in school, he will get healthy meals, but in the next month when he turns 5, he will be cut off from the op-portunity to benefit from the WIC Pro-gram. This child loves yogurt, fruit and vegetables and whole grains provided by the WIC Program, but he will not benefit from that because of this glitch in the law. So I propose a new bill, the Wise Investment in our Children Act, the WIC Act, to close the nutrition gap by allowing States to increase the age limit for WIC to age 6. 
We also have to be concerned, at the 
same time focusing on making changes to the WIC Program, to focus on an-other support for our children and fam-ilies, the Child and Adult Care Food Program, so-called CACFB, as a qual-ity source of nutrition. For many chil-dren, the meals they eat in childcare 
programs are the most nutritious meals they will eat all week. In other words, absent the childcare setting, they will likely not have a nutritious meal in the course of a week. As work-ing families shuttle between home, childcare, and work, little time re-mains for food shopping, healthy meal planning or sitting down to eat healthy meals. The Child and Adult Care Food Program provides healthy, nutritious meals to more than 3 million children each day who are either in Head Start, Early Head Start or childcare pro-grams in both centers and family childcare homes. 
I introduced this bill as well to focus, 
improve, and strengthen this program. The Child and Adult Care Improvement Act would enhance several aspects of this program, including allowing childcare centers and homes the option of serving a third meal for children who are in care for 8 or more hours a day. 
We have a lot to do, but we cannot 
get to the goal of reducing child pov-erty by 50 percent or reducing poverty overall in the near term in the next decade, unless we have a strategy, set a goal, and then begin to strengthen what works and improve the existing programs—whether it is WIC, the Child 
and Adult Care Food Program, the SNAP program—what used to be called food stamps. Whatever the program is, we have to strengthen and invest in it. We can’t talk about all those lofty terms—like ‘‘GDP growth, job growth, and growing economy’’ and all the wonderful things that get discussed in this Chamber—without a strategy for our kids. 
We have a way to go, but I believe 
this commitment to our children is not just the right thing to do and it is not just something we ought to focus on as something consistent with what our conscience tells us, but it is in fact a great economic strategy for the coun-try. If kids learn more now, they are going to earn more later. They can’t learn more now if they don’t have ac-cess to early learning, if they don’t have access to healthy, nutritious foods, if they don’t have access to qual-ity health care, and if we don’t protect them from people who would do them harm. If we do at least four of those things well—if we have early learning opportunities, opportunities to invest in food security strategies so they get healthy, nutritious foods, and we make sure they have quality health care in addition to early learning, we can move forward in a direction that gets us to the goal of making sure every child in this country has an oppor-tunity to grow and to learn and to move in the future together. We can’t do that if all we do in Washington is use phrases like ‘‘job creation’’ and ‘‘economic growth’’ without a strategy to get our kids there. We should make sure every child in this country has the same opportunity to learn and to grow. They can’t do that if we as the adults don’t give them that opportunity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.062 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7895 November 10, 2015 
So as we look at some of the real 
lives depicted in these photographs, I think Shearine gave us a very powerful message today, where she said: ‘‘They,’’ meaning the children in the picture of the classroom—‘‘They have hope for a brighter future and faith that the adults in their lives will work together to make change.’’ 
Shearine is right. She has given me 
an assignment, she has given 99 other Senators an assignment, and a lot of other adults across the country. I be-lieve this is a mission worthy of a great nation, just like every other major undertaking we have confronted and dealt with over many generations of greatness in our country. 
When we talk about American 
exceptionalism and what it means to be an American, part of being an Amer-ican is making sure every child has the same opportunity to learn and to grow. We can do this. We can do it in a bipar-tisan fashion. If the United Kingdom can reduce child poverty, the United States can do the same. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
would point out to our colleagues, that we now have now received the Trans- Pacific Partnership Agreement. It amounts to 5,544 pages, not including the dozens of side-agreements—three times the book I know the Presiding Officer knows, the Bible. It is three times the length of the Bible and sev-eral times the length of ObamaCare. It has just been delivered to us with all kinds of promises for good things that might result from its affirmation. 
No American has the resources to en-
sure that his or her interests are being protected in this document. It is so long and the ramifications are so broad that Congress cannot do its job to en-sure that the people’s interests are safeguarded by such an agreement. 
We already have trade deals with all 
the major TPP countries, except Japan. So I will say with real con-fidence this is much more than trade. If it was, a bilateral agreement with Japan would fix it. We have agree-ments with Australia, Chile, Canada, and other countries. 
The TPP is about the goal of creating 
a new global regulatory structure— what I have called a Pacific Union— transferring power from individual Americans and Congress, eroding Con-gress, to an unaccountable, unelected, international bureaucratic committee. 
Because President Obama has been 
given fast-track powers by this Con-gress—unwisely I think—Congress can-
not amend this deal, we cannot strike one offending provision, apply a fili-buster to force a supermajority of 60 votes, as we have to have for most leg-islation, or to apply a two-thirds trea-ty vote. Additionally, the White House writes the implementing legislation, which, in turn, necessarily supersedes any existing American law. So this is what we mean by fast-track. 
Today I would like to share a few 
thoughts about one aspect of this agreement, the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship Commission. There is a particular chapter in this mammoth agreement, chapter 27, titled—innocuously enough—‘‘Administrative and Institu-tional Provisions,’’ which deals with the creation of a Trans-Pacific Part-nership Commission. 
Section 27.1 outlines the creation of 
this Commission and who is a member. The agreement states that ‘‘each party shall be responsible for the composi-tion of its delegation.’’ In other words, we are empowering the Trans-Pacific Partnership countries to create a new congress of sorts—a group with dele-gates that goes and meets and decides important issues that can impact ev-eryday lives of Americans. The Amer-ican representative in this Commis-sion, which will operate in many ways like the U.N., will not be answerable to voters anywhere. How long will their terms be? How will they be chosen? Will there be any restrictions on lob-bying, any requirements of trans-parency? Can they always meet in se-cret? Are there any ethics rules? The answer is, it will be whatever the TPP countries decide it will be. 
The fact that they negotiated this in 
secret for months—years, really—indi-cates that transparency is not a qual-ity they value very highly. It is an en-tity untethered above and outside the Constitution of the United States. All our government agencies in the United States must answer to the Congress and the President, the Chief Executive. These institutions will not. So we need to be cautious. 
All I am saying is, why do we have to 
do this? Why do we have to create a Commission in which Vietnam or the Sultan of Brunei gets the same vote as the President of the United States? 
Section 27.2 lists several powers of 
the Commission which should be ex-pected in any regulatory body. It is granted the power to oversee the im-plementation of the TPP and the power to supervise the work of relevant work-ing groups under its jurisdiction. How-ever, then the section states this: Under the rules, the Commission shall ‘‘consider any proposal to amend or modify this Agreement,’’ to change the agreement. They get to change the agreement. We can ratify this, but they get to change it whenever they deem appropriate. Also, the Commission shall ‘‘seek the advice of non-govern-mental persons or groups on any mat-ter falling within the Commission’s functions’’ and ‘‘take such other action as the Parties may agree,’’ while con-
sidering ‘‘input from non-governmental persons or groups of the Parties.’’ 
It also says it will consider the find-
ings of international fora to help ad-vise them. I guess one of the fora they will not be considering is a group like the National Federation of Independent Business, small businesses. 
None of these terms are defined as to 
what constitutes a nongovernmental person or group. What is that? 
Remember, when the Founders of our 
country negotiated the Constitution, they worried about every word. They thought about what it would mean and could mean decades, centuries later. They talked about creating a new form of government on this entire continent. They actually believed that could be possible, and it certainly has become reality. Have we given that kind of thought to the power we are delegating to this Commission? How will the agreement be amended or modified? 
Just last week, the Secretary of 
State, Secretary Kerry, was in Kazakhstan. He told the television sta-tion in Kazakhstan that he is inter-ested in seeing China and Russia be added to the TPP and that they would consider the Philippines a prime can-didate to join in the future. That is an interesting thing to announce, particu-larly in Kazakhstan. Since it impacts the people of the United States, it might be nice for him to be talking more to the people of the United States. 
So this would create a situation in 
which new countries can be added, it appears, most any different way. 
The point is, this global governance 
authority is open-ended. The agree-ment states that ‘‘the Commission and any subsidiary body established under this Agreement may establish rules of procedures for the conduct of its work.’’ 
It even covers climate regulation—a 
lot about climate regulation. The agreement states that ‘‘the Parties ac-knowledge that transition to a low emissions economy requires collective action.’’ Having been a proud cold war-rior, I have never been happy with peo-ple who use the word ‘‘collective.’’ It makes me nervous. 
The TPP is a living agreement. Ac-
cording to the U.S. Trade Representa-tive’s own Web site, the living agree-ment provision is in the TPP: ‘‘. . . to enable the updating of the agreement as appropriate to address trade issues that emerge in the future as well as new issues that arise with the expan-sion of the agreement to include new countries.’’ It says it is to deal with trade issues and new issues. Are those issues nontrade? Are they environ-mental issues? Are they labor agree-ments or other kinds of things that are unrelated directly to trade? I think it is clear this would allow that to hap-pen. 
Regardless, after the TPP is passed 
and Congress has blessed the union, the Senate will have no say in how the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.063 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7896 November 10, 2015 
Commission is established or the rules 
by which it is governed. It is untethered to the Congress. 
Second, currency manipulation is a 
serious issue. It is impacting our abil-ity to trade effectively today in a very large way. 
Paul Volcker, Chairman of the Fed-
eral Reserve during a time when he and President Reagan transformed the American economy from raging infla-tion and interest rates to a sound econ-omy, said that currency manipulation could wipe out decades of trade nego-tiations in a matter of minutes. We have seen that happen. 
Currency is huge and impacts so 
many companies. If you read the finan-cial pages, you will see that companies are worried about their bottom line in large part because it will be harder for them to compete with foreign competi-tors who devalue their currency delib-erately in order to gain an advantage in trade. But there is no enforceable currency mechanism in this agree-ment, although it was fought for in both Houses of Congress and came close, but it is not in it. 
On November 5, the Wall Street Jour-
nal wrote: ‘‘Mexico, Canada and other countries signaled they were open to the [currency] deal when they realized it wouldn’t include binding currency rules that could lead to trade sanctions through the TPP.’’ This caused Ford Motor Company to immediately reject the TPP the day it was released. Their spokesman argued that they could not support a deal in which currency rules ‘‘fell outside of TPP and [failed to] in-clude dispute settlement mechanisms to ensure global rules prohibiting cur-rency manipulation are enforced.’’ 
This is a huge matter. Ford says that 
when they are selling an American- made automobile or truck in a foreign country, they are losing thousands of dollars as a result of currency manipu-lation by many of our trading partners. So it is hard to sell an automobile if our foreign competitors have, in effect, a comparative advantage on currency alone of several thousand dollars. 
The administration has zero interest 
in preventing foreign market manipu-lations and currency manipulations, and thus the TPP will cause massive job losses. It just will. We will be less able to compete. 
Let’s be frank. I supported the Ko-
rean trade agreement. We have great allies in Japan and Korea and others in the Pacific, but they are tough trading partners—competitors, if you want to know the truth. They are competitors. They are mercantilists. They have a goal. Their goal is to sell as much as possible to foreign countries and par-ticularly to the greatest market in the world, the market they lust to gain even more access to—our market. They want to sell to us. Through a whole lot of different mechanisms, they resist purchasing anything from us. Have we made any progress in lessening the trade deficit to Japan or Korea lately? It is not going to happen because these barriers are nontariff, currency being 
one of the most noteworthy. 
Foreign workers and governments 
under the TPP are not inhibited from illegally undercutting American work-ers through currency manipulation in order to export their unemployment to the United States. 
The way this happens is, if you have 
a business in a foreign country and the world market has slowed down and your exports are slowing down, if you devalue your currency, your product becomes cheaper and can be sold in the United States or other countries at a cheaper price, and you keep your peo-ple working and manufacturing those widgets, whereas the country that im-ported your product lays off its work-ers because it can’t compete at that price—for the widgets. It is an artifi-cial way to gain market advantage. 
In May of this year, I wrote the 
President and asked him simple ques-tions. This is important, colleagues. I asked him to state whether the TPP would increase or decrease our trade deficit. He refused to answer. I asked him whether the TPP would increase or decrease the number of manufac-turing jobs in the United States. He re-fused to answer. I asked him how the TPP would affect the average hourly wages of the American middle class. He refused to answer. He never wrote back. All that the proponents in the White House have said about this deal is that it would increase production and jobs in the export industries. But exporting is such a small part of Amer-ican industry production. They don’t mention how many jobs would be lost by the increased imports into our coun-try. 
Dan DiMicco, the CEO emeritus of 
Nucor Steel, which operates steel plants all over the Nation, wrote in his recent book: 
The world says one thing about open mar-
kets and free trade but does another. What-ever sharp cultural or political or language differences may separate the Japanese from the Chinese, or the Germans from the French, this much they all have in common: they know how to advance and protect their economic interests. 
Mr. President, has my time lapsed? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama, there is a 10- minute time limit. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 2 minutes to wrap up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. They know how to 
advance their interests, and we have not been effective in advancing ours. 
It is time to take TPP off the fast 
track, take this off the fast track and 
get busy defending the interests of the American people. 
DiMicco writes: 
In principle, any industrial policy would 
begin by saying the business of creating, making, and building things must be at the heart of any overreaching economic strat-egy. 
This agreement is not just about pro-
moting trade; it is about creating a framework for a transnational union 
which supersedes the authority of Con-gress. 
Finally, if it were truly about open-
ing markets to U.S. producers, the United States would simply have nego-tiated bilateral agreements with the countries we need to talk to. 
We are the world’s greatest market 
for worldwide products that are made, and right now we give open access, in-credibly, to foreign imports. Just look at those containerships on the Pacific coast stacked to the top. It is not 
working for jobs in America, it is not working for wages in America, and it is not working for manufacturing. We have to make things. Moving to a serv-ices economy would be failure. 
Of course we want trade. Of course 
we want to purchase items from abroad. I am not saying we shouldn’t. What I am asking is, are we, in negoti-ating this trade agreement, giving even broader access to our markets without getting enough in return? That is the problem. America must make things. Consumption in America should be for Americans and for export. Our com-petitors want the opposite, and they have been winning, but they need us more than we need them; thus, we have great power to reverse this course. 
Figuratively speaking, some of our 
politicians will be pushing up daisies if they don’t listen to what the American people are saying. They must listen to the sound, common sense of the people who hold the ultimate power. They ex-pect us to make sure their interests are legitimately defended. I don’t believe this trade agreement does that, and we will talk more about it as time goes by. 
I thank the Chair and yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
f 
REMEMBERING DOROTHY ‘‘DOT’’ 
HELMS 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I have 
the sad duty to report to the Senate the passing of the first lady of North Carolina, Dorothy ‘‘Dot’’ Helms. Mrs. Helms was known to many in this body 
as the ever gracious wife of my illus-trious predecessor, Senator Jesse Helms. 
In fact, I chose to stand at this desk 
because it is the desk he stood behind for the many years as he served the United States and the great State of North Carolina in the Senate. 
For 66 years Dot Helms was the rock 
upon which the Helms legacy was built. Long before she met her future hus-band, Dot Helms was a trailblazer in North Carolina. She was the first woman to graduate from the Univer-sity of North Carolina school of jour-nalism in 1940, where she rubbed elbows with the likes of fellow Tar Heels, Ed-ward R. Murrow and friend and class-mate David Brinkley. 
While a reporter for the legendary 
owner-editor of the Raleigh News and Observer, Joseph Daniels, she met a young man on the sports desk named Jesse Helms, and the rest is history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.066 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7897 November 10, 2015 
Mrs. Helms was a leader in Christian 
causes, such as her sponsorship of the interdenominational children’s camp Willow Run at Lake Gaston. While in Washington, she taught at Gallaudet University and actually wrote a book on great Americans who happened to be deaf. 
In the Senate, she was the leader of 
the Senate Ladies Bible Study, the Congressional Wives Prayer Group, and the U.S. Senate chapter of the Red Cross. She was a confidante and pillar for many friends on both sides of the aisle, including Elizabeth Dole, Erma Byrd, Beryl Bentsen, and Linda John-son Robb. 
Politically, she was a close friend of 
Ronald and Nancy Reagan. In 1976, she took the unusual step of campaigning tirelessly across the State of North Carolina in support of then-Governor Reagan’s insurgent Presidential can-didacy. Needless to say, the Governor carried the North Carolina primary against a sitting President in no small part due to the work of Dot Helms. 
Two years ago, Gov. Pat McCrory 
awarded Dorothy Helms the Order of the Long Leaf Pine for her contribu-tions to the civic and religious life of the Tar Heel State. Fittingly, the Gov-ernor honored her with the official North Carolina State toast: 
Here’s to the land of the long leaf pine, 
The summer land where the sun doth shine, Where the weak grow strong and the strong 
grow great, 
Here’s to ‘‘Down Home,’’ the old North 
State! 
‘‘Where the strong grow great. . . . ’’ 
Dot Helms and North Carolina are one and the same. For her family and friends and a grateful nation, we can turn in comfort to the Second Book of Timothy: ‘‘I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, and I have kept the faith.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the obituary of Mrs. Helms from the Jesse Helms Center Founda-tion in Monroe, NC, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DOROTHY COBLE HELMS  
1919–2015 
Dorothy Coble Helms, wife of former U.S. 
Senator Jesse Helms, passed away on No-vember 6, 2015. She was the daughter of the late Jacob Lonnie and Coral Beaty Coble. Mrs. Helms was born in Raleigh, N.C. on March 25, 1919. She was graduated from Hugh Morson High School in Raleigh in 1936. She attended Meredith College from 1936 to 1938 before transferring to UNC-Chapel Hill, where she was graduated in 1940 with a de-gree in journalism. She and her roommate, Doris Goerch Horton, were the first two women graduates to receive degrees in jour-nalism from UNC. Both women were report-ers for The Daily Tarheel, the school news-paper. Dot, as she was called by her friends, was the first president of The McIver Dor-mitory for Women and served on The Wom-en’s Council. She loved to write and wrote many short stories beginning when she was a teenager. Later in life, she delighted her family by telling ghost stories, and it was an especially fun time when she shared her sto-
ries at night on the porch at the family cot-tage at Topsail Beach. 
After graduating from UNC, Mrs. Helms 
worked at The Raleigh News and Observer as a city reporter and later as society editor. It was while working at The News and Observer that she met her future husband, a member of the sports department. They were married on October 31, 1942, at the First Baptist Church in Raleigh. One summer during the Second World War, while her husband was on recruiting duty for the Navy in the eastern part of North Carolina, she edited three weekly newspapers which were published in Ahoskie, NC: The Hertford County Herald, The Gates County Index, and The Bertie- Ledger Advance. Mrs. Helms also worked part time at The Star News when her hus-band was stationed in Wilmington, NC. 
Back in Raleigh after her husband’s dis-
charge from the U.S. Navy, Mrs. Helms was active in the Women’s Missionary Union of Hayes Barton Baptist Church. She was also active in the Colonel Polk Chapter, DAR and served as regent for two years. In the early 1960s, Mrs. Helms and Mrs. Armistead Maupin (Diana) were instrumental in found-ing the Wake County SPCA. 
The Helms moved to Arlington, Virginia 
after Senator Helms was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1972. While living there, Mrs. Helms was active in The Spouses of the Sen-ate and in the Senate Ladies Bible Study. She was a volunteer at Gallaudet College for the Deaf and wrote a series of stories enti-tled ‘‘Interesting Deaf Americans’’. Some of the stories were used in English classes at Gallaudet and others were used in publica-tions of schools for the deaf The Helms shared a deep interest in Camp Willow Run, a youth camp for Christ on the shores of Lake Gaston in North Carolina, and Mrs. Helms later wrote a history of the camp. 
Dot loved politics, and she backed many 
candidates through the years. She always kept up with what was going on in the world and was never without an opinion on an issue. She was instrumental in the formation of The Jesse Helms Center Foundation in Wingate, N.C. and served on the Board of Di-rectors for many years. She was also in-volved with The Helms School of Govern-ment at Liberty University. 
Dorothy was the rock of her family. She 
will be missed so much, but the family re-joices that they had her for so long. She was predeceased by her husband, U.S. Senator Jesse Helms; her parents; her brother, Jack Coble, and her nephew Jack Coble, Jr. She is survived by her children, Jane Knox (Char-lie), Nancy Helms, and Charles Helms (Kath-leen). She is also survived by her seven grand-children, Rob Knox (Krystin), Jennifer Knox (Shields Carstarphen), Mike Stuart (Rachel Foster), Ellen Stuart Gaddy (Will), Katie Stuart Power (Andy), Amelia Helms, and Julie Helms; and six great grand-children, Maggie McGuire, Ryan Knox, Coo-per Knox-Carstarphen, Alex Knox- Carstarphen, Beatrix Gaddy, and Conrad Power. Dot also leaves behind many other family members, including the wonderful people who are forever members of the Helms Senate family. 
f 
REMEMBERING HOWARD COBLE 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I will 
close by saying that I hope we all re-member another great North Caro-linian who was buried just today, Con-gressman Howard Coble. He served 5 years in the North Carolina House and 30 years in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. He was a great American, and he will be missed. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
VETERANS DAY AND THE GI BILL 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, tomor-
row is Veterans Day, and it is a special day for all of us who serve here and for all of our colleagues down the hall in the House of Representatives. It is a special day for veterans across the country and around the world and their families and for a lot of Americans who value the service and sacrifice of our veterans. 
Veterans Day is not Memorial Day. 
On Memorial Day we mourn and salute those who have given their all in serv-ice to our country. Veterans Day is really for all veterans, not just for those who have paid the ultimate sac-rifice. 
I was privileged to go to college. I 
won a Navy ROTC scholarship and went to Ohio State. I studied a little economics—my professors would say not enough—graduated and went off to Pensacola and became a naval flight officer in the late 1960s. I ended up with Patrol Squadron 40 out of naval air sta-tion, Moffett, CA. I joined my col-leagues there for several tours of duty in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. 
When we came back to the States 
from overseas, I resigned my regular commission and took a reserve com-mission and moved from California over to Delaware to enroll in the Uni-versity of Delaware’s Business School and earned an MBA. 
Literally the first week I was in 
Delaware, in September of 1973, I got in my Volkswagen Karmann Ghia with a rebuilt engine and drove up Route 2, Kirkwood Highway, to north Delaware to the VA hospital in Elsmere, which is about halfway between Newark and Wilmington in northern Delaware. I took my DD Form 214 in with me to present it to the folks at the hospital to see if I was eligible for any veterans benefits, and as it turned out I was eli-gible for benefits. Some of the benefits actually have their roots going all the way back to the end of World War II when FDR signed—I think in 1944—leg-islation creating the original GI bill. Among the things I was eligible for was a home loan in which the VA would guarantee a portion of my loan so I could buy a house sometime later, and I did. I was also eligible for some med-ical benefits, including dental benefits. 
I didn’t realize it at the time, but the 
VA hospital there was a World War II relic of a hospital. The morale was not good and the quality of service was not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.067 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7898 November 10, 2015 
good. If people in the central or south-
ern part of our State needed access to a VA medical facility and they didn’t have it there, they would have to some-how make their way up to northern Delaware. It is not like driving from one end of California to the other, but it is a hike. We didn’t have any com-munity-based, out-patient clinics in Delaware or any other States either at the time. 
That fall, those of us who were en-
rolled in school who were Vietnam War veterans, and in some cases other wars, were eligible for some benefits. The GIs who served in the Vietnam war, includ-ing me, were eligible for a GI bill ben-efit which was about $250 a month. It may not sound like a lot of money today, but I was happy to get every penny of it. 
I continued to fly with a new squad-
ron at the naval air station in Willow Grove, PA—the P–3 Squadron—and continued to track Soviet nuclear sub-marines in oceans all over the world as a ready reservist. I am one of a number of people in my family who have bene-fited from the GI bill. My father’s gen-eration served in World War II. He was a chief petty officer. His brother and my other uncle served in World War II. One of them never made it home. He was 19 years old in 1944 and assigned to the USS Suwannee . The aircraft carrier 
was in the Pacific Ocean when it came under attack by Japanese kamikaze planes, and he lost his life. His body was never recovered and neither were the bodies of a number of other people who I guess were on the deck of the carrier when the attacks occurred. 
Other members of my family in my 
Dad’s generation were able to take ad-vantage of the very first GI bill, which was signed into law in 1944 by Presi-dent Roosevelt. What happened in the wake of World War II was a very gen-erous GI bill. At the time, you could go to Harvard on the GI bill, and it was basically fully paid for, plus you had a housing and living allowance. It was an incredible deal, and a lot of people took advantage of that, which is good. A lot of the folks went to colleges and uni-versities, but others went to trade schools. 
I never really talked to my dad about 
this, but I am told that he learned how to do body work and to repair cars that had been wrecked. He went to some kind of private school or trade school and learned how to do that and ended up working at Burleson Oldsmobile in Beckley, WV, where my sister and I were born. He was able to somehow do a good job there and ended up working as a claims adjuster for Nationwide In-surance and ended up running the na-tional school for claims adjusters for Nationwide Insurance. 
He was a guy with a high school de-
gree from Shady Spring High School in Beckley, WV, and ended up, with the help of the Navy and the GI bill, with a wonderful career at Nationwide In-surance. He is sort of a poster child for those who were able to take that ben-efit and do something positive with it 
for their lives and for their families. 
In the wake of World War II, there 
was also an emergence of for-profit col-leges and universities and for-profit trade schools. They called them propri-etary trade schools, and they did not always have the best interests of the GI at heart. They were not always in-terested in making sure that the GI man or woman got the training and the help they needed to qualify for jobs, to go out there in that day and age and be gainfully employed and provide for themselves and their families. Some of the nonprofits that operated were very good and did a great job, others not so much. They took advantage of the GIs, and ultimately they took advantage of taxpayers. 
Over a period of time, back then and 
in the years since then, on the heels of the Korean and Vietnam wars, there emerged an effort on the part of the Federal Government to try to make sure we put in place some market forces to ensure that the for-profit schools, or proprietary schools, that were offering the benefits of colleges or universities—that that college or uni-versity would treat the GI fairly, the way we would want to be treated, and to make sure they got the benefits that they wanted and that the taxpayers de-served. 
I think on the heels of World War II, 
there was an 85–15 rule that said if you happen to be a proprietary school and you were using the GI bill to pay for benefits for somebody—say you had 100 students; out of the 100, no more than 85 of them could be there on the Fed-eral dime. The other 15 GIs, if you will, had to be there on their own or pay for it some way other than through the Federal Government. That was an early way to introduce market forces into the benefits that were being pro-vided so we would end up with schools that were working and providing train-ing certificates or degrees that were worth the paper they were written on. 
More recently, something emerged 
called the 90–10 rule. The GI bill had come and gone. For those who got into wars in Korea and Vietnam and more recently in the Persian Gulf in Iraq and now Afghanistan—the benefits that are offered to folks who literally served and applied for the GI bill I think after 2007 or 2008—that is a very generous GI bill. We sent off about 300 Delaware Guard men and women 2 months ago from Delaware to go serve in some cases in Afghanistan and in other cases maybe in Kuwait and at different duty stations around the world. But I told them when they went off to deploy that when they came back at the end of their 6, 7, 8 months—whatever it will be—that they will come back to the best GI bill in the history of the coun-try. 
Here is what they come back to if 
they have served for, I think, 3 years. If they have served time in those parts of the world, they come back to a GI bill and if they went to a public college or university—the University of Dela-
ware, Delaware State, Wilmington Uni-versity, Delaware Tech or a commu-nity college in my State or public col-leges and universities across the coun-try—they can go to those schools for free—pretty good, free. We got 250 bucks a month. They can go for free. Their tuition is paid for, books are paid for, fees are paid for, tutoring is paid for, and they get a $1,500 housing allow-ance. That is pretty good—very good. 
Just to make sure that we have some 
market forces in place to ensure that these for-profit colleges and univer-sities are really doing a good job and not just taking advantage of the GIs or of the taxpayers, we have in place something called the 90/10 rule. It has been around for a while. The 90/10 rule says that no college or university—for- profit college or university, propri-etary school, for-profit proprietary school or training school—can get more than 90 percent of their revenues from the Federal Government. But the 90 percent does not necessarily cover— it can cover Pell grants and things other than the GI bill. But the GI bill— a school can get all of their money from Pell grants, and students who are on the Federal dime and continue—Mr. President, I am not sure what is wrong with the public address system. I will try another mic. That is better. There we go. 
Today we have a loophole in the 90/10 
rule that allows a college, university or a proprietary for-profit school to get 100 percent of their revenues from the Federal Government. It doesn’t count the money they get from the GI bill. It covers Pell grants and other Federal aid but not the GI bill and not some-thing called tuition assistance to Ac-tive-Duty personnel. I suggest that is something we need to fix. That is a loophole that needs to be plugged. No college or university should make 100 percent of their revenues off the Fed-eral Government. 
The 90/10 rule is well-intentioned to 
make sure that market forces work, but I am sure that people getting their education from a source other than the Federal Government would ensure that the diploma they are getting—the cer-tificate they are getting—is worth something and they are able to trans-late that into gainful employment. 
Several of us, including myself and 
Senator B
LUMENTHAL , have offered leg-
islation to close the 90/10 rule and to really go back to the original intent— to say that no for-profit college or uni-versity or trade school can get more than 90 percent of the revenues from the Federal Government. You can add in the GI bill or you can add in Pell grants, tuition assistance for Active- Duty personnel, but that cannot exceed 90 percent—and educational entities’ revenues. We need to restore that mar-ket force, that governing, if you will, to better ensure the integrity of these programs. 
So I would just say to my colleagues 
as we approach this Veterans Day, it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.068 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7899 November 10, 2015 
great that we are able to offer a benefit 
that provides free—I don’t care wheth-er a person is from North Carolina or from Utah; they can go to college free and get a housing allowance for $1,500 a month. But I want to make sure that when a GI—I don’t care if it is Army, Air Force, Navy, Marines or what-ever—gets their certificate or diploma, it is worth the paper it is written on and that they will in some cases be able to go on to graduate school or fur-ther their learning, but almost in any case that it enables them to go on to a job that enables them to be self-suffi-cient. 
With that, I am going to yield the 
floor to the chairman of the Finance Committee, on which I am privileged to serve, and to say to both of my col-leagues on the floor here: My best wishes to you and your constituents and have a wonderful Veterans Day. I will see you all next week. Thank you. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the work of the Senator from Delaware on our committee. He is one of the good people around here. 
f 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak once again on the topic of religious liberty. This is the fifth in a series of addresses I have given on this vitally important subject. In my previous remarks, I have discussed why religious liberty matters, why it is im-portant, and why it deserves special protection from government inter-ference. I have also detailed the history of religious liberty in the United States in order to show that the desire for religious freedom was central to our Nation’s founding and to the very idea of America. From the beginning, religious liberty has been a preeminent value in American life. Government ac-commodates religion—not the other way around. Lastly, in my previous re-marks, I have sought to explain how religion has always had a robust public role in our society and to rebut the wrongheaded, ahistorical view that re-ligion is a purely private matter that should be kept out of the public do-main. 
Today I turn to the status of reli-
gious liberty in contemporary Amer-ican life. My argument is straight-forward. In ways that are both sur-prising and unprecedented, religious liberty is under attack here in the United States. I speak not merely of attacks on particular practices but also of attacks on the very idea of reli-gious liberty itself—on the idea that there should be room in society for be-lievers to live and to worship in ways that differ from prevailing orthodoxy. 
The campaign against religious lib-
erty has three prongs: the courts, the Obama administration, and State legis-latures. My goal today is to explain how each of these institutions is under-mining the vitality of religious life in our country and why what they are 
doing is wrong. 
Many Americans are unaware of the 
substantial threats religious liberty faces here in the United States. They look abroad to the Middle East or to Africa, where Islamist regimes are kill-ing Christians and other dissenters from religious orthodoxy, and suppose that by comparison, things are not so 
bad here in the United States. While it is true that religious minorities in America do not face death or serious physical harm for choosing to live their faith, we must not blind ourselves to the ways in which our government institutions are undermining religious liberty itself. We must instead come to recognize that powerful forces in our society are working actively to restrict the ability of religious believers to live out their faith and to foist upon them government mandates that are flatly inconsistent with our most deeply held beliefs. 
I begin with the courts, which I iden-
tified as the first front in the fight against religious liberty. For a number of years now there has been a steady stream of cases in which everyday Americans have been sanctioned— sometimes severely—for adhering to religious tenants that conflict with current political orthodoxy. The exam-ples are myriad. A photographer in New Mexico was fined $7,000 for declin-ing to photograph a same-sex commit-ment ceremony on the grounds that her religious beliefs teach that mar-riage is a union between one man and one woman and that she could not in good conscience lend her services to the event. A florist in Washington State was fined $1,000 for declining to provide flower arrangements for a same-sex wedding. And a couple in Or-egon who owned a cake shop were or-dered to pay $135,000 for telling a same- sex couple that they could not provide a cake for their wedding ceremony be-cause the shop owners adhere to the traditional, biblically based view of marriage. 
The message that these court cases 
send is clear: If you are a religious in-dividual with religiously rooted views that differ from the current policies of the State, you follow your beliefs at your own peril. Even those who don’t endorse the view that it is appropriate for businesses to deny service to cus-tomers on the basis of deeply held be-liefs must concede that the fines and other sanctions in these cases present a direct threat to religious liberty. 
Note that there was no suggestion in 
any of these cases that the defendant’s refusal to provide services actually prevented the same-sex couple from ob-taining the desired items. In each case, other photographers, florists, and bakers without religious or moral ob-jections stood ready to assist. The State was not stepping in to ensure that the couple had access to needed goods and services. Rather, the injury to the couple in each case was that the defendant would not sanction their ceremony. The State did not like the 
message the defendant’s religious be-liefs conveyed and so ordered the de-fendant to pay a potentially ruinous fine. 
The notion that government can 
override or punish individuals for deep-ly held religious beliefs merely because those beliefs deviate from prevailing views strikes at the very heart of reli-gious liberty. Religious liberty is the right of an individual to practice his or her beliefs even in the face of govern-ment, social or community opposition. If all that is needed for government to override a person’s deeply held beliefs is a disagreement over whether the per-son’s beliefs send the right message, then religious liberty is weak indeed. It is no longer a preferred value that gov-ernment must make room for but rath-er a common, run-of-the-mill interest that government can override essen-tially at will. 
Recent court cases have undermined 
religious liberty and threaten the in-tegrity of our religious institutions in other ways as well. One case, decided by the Supreme Court about 5 years ago, held that schools can require stu-dent religious groups to accept non-believers as leaders, even though doing so could undermine the group’s mission and install as leaders individuals who do not share the group’s core beliefs. Other cases have sown confusion about students’ ability to express religious conviction in school settings. Teachers and school administrators have barred students from wearing religious im-agery, from affirming their faith in es-says and speeches, and from performing religious music because they fear run-ning afoul of judicial prohibitions on State establishment of religion. Other officials have denied religious groups access to State facilities to worship or to hold meetings, again fearing poten-tial lawsuits. 
But courts are not the only places 
where religious liberty is under attack. I am sorry to say that the current ad-ministration has done much to weaken religious freedom and to undermine the rights of conscience. 
Certainly, the most notorious in-
stance of the administration’s efforts to undermine religious liberty is the ObamaCare contraception mandate. This provision requires employers to provide their employees access to con-traceptives and abortion-inducing drugs even when the employer has pro-found moral objections to such drugs. There is a narrow exemption for houses of worship, but countless other reli-gious employers—including religious schools, hospitals, and charities—must either comply with the mandate in vio-lation of their religious beliefs or pay substantial financial penalties. 
The administration has also stripped 
funding from religious groups that refuse as a matter of conscience to toe the administration’s line on abortion and contraception. In a remarkable and shortsighted move, the administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.070 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7900 November 10, 2015 
revoked funding for the U.S. Con-
ference of Catholic Bishops’ relief pro-gram for victims of human trafficking because the conference declined on re-ligious grounds to refer victims for abortion or contraceptives. So not only is the administration using the threat of financial loss to pressure religious groups to violate their beliefs, but it is also harming trafficking victims by hindering the ability of religious groups that differ from the administra-tion on matters of conscience to aid victims. 
The administration, too, has put Fed-
eral contractors that subscribe to tra-ditional views on marriage and sexu-ality on the horns of a terrible di-lemma. Last year the President issued an Executive order prohibiting con-tractors from taking into account sex-ual orientation or gender identity when hiring employees. The order con-tains no exemptions for contractors with religious affiliations. Under the President’s order, a contractor with a religious mission may be forced to hire an individual who holds views that run counter to that mission in order to re-main eligible for Federal contracts. The President’s order thus creates the very real possibility that religiously affiliated contractors will have to choose between impairing the integrity of their organization and competing for Federal funds. 
In addition to pursuing these trou-
bling policies, the administration has also taken extreme and unsupportable positions in court filings that if adopt-ed would undermine religious freedom. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to finish these remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Before the Supreme 
Court, the administration made the re-markable claim that Federal law au-thorizes the Federal Government to in-volve itself in the hiring and firing of church ministers. Specifically, the ad-ministration said that Federal anti-discrimination laws override the First Amendment right of churches to select whomever they wish as ministers and instead allow the administration to ac-tually sue a church if it believes a par-ticular hiring or firing was improper. This radical position would allow the Federal Government to insert itself into some of the most important deci-sions churches make regarding reli-gious doctrine and governance. 
Thankfully, the Supreme Court re-
jected the administration’s position unanimously. Indeed, in a striking re-buke, the Court called the administra-tion’s claim that the First Amendment provides no more protection to a church in selecting its leader than it does to a ‘‘labor union or a social club . . . remarkable.’’ The fact that the ad-ministration felt comfortable making this argument, and apparently thought it was a correct argument, speaks vol-
umes regarding this administration’s dim view of religious liberty. 
More recently, the administration 
has signaled that the forced legaliza-tion of same-sex marriage will present religious schools and institutions with significant challenges in reconciling school standards with Federal anti-discrimination laws. 
At oral argument in the Obergefell 
case, one of the Justices asked the So-licitor General whether a religious school that opposed same-sex marriage would lose its tax-exempt status. The Solicitor General responded that ‘‘it’s certainly going to be an issue.’’ With those seven words, the Solicitor Gen-eral made clear that religious institu-tions that adhere to traditional views regarding marriage and sexuality— such as by providing housing only to opposite-sex couples—will face poten-tially staggering financial con-sequences for their commitment to their religious convictions. 
The third front in the fight against 
religious liberty happens to be the State legislatures. In many ways what we are seeing at the State level is a mirror of what the administration has been doing at the Federal level. Just as the administration has stripped fund-ing from religious organizations that refused to follow the administration’s liberal social policies, States have withdrawn funding and licenses from groups that adhere to traditional reli-gious views. Massachusetts, for exam-ple, passed a law requiring State-li-censed adoption agencies to place chil-dren with same-sex couples. As a re-sult, Catholic Charities, which had op-erated adoption services in the State for over 100 years, was forced to shut down its adoption program. That is outrageous. Catholic Charities affili-ates in Illinois were similarly forced to close after the State announced it would no longer provide funding to adoption agencies that declined to place children with same-sex couples. Other religiously affiliated groups and schools have lost contracts, faced loss of accreditation, and have been denied permission to use public facilities be-cause of their doctrinally based views on family, marriage, and sexuality. The mayor of Houston even went so far as to subpoena internal church commu-nications as part of an intimidation campaign against churches that op-posed a city nondiscrimination ordi-nance. Far from treating religious lib-erty as a preeminent value, many States and localities have thrust it aside in favor of other goals. 
Another disturbing trend at the 
State level has been the growing oppo-sition to State religious freedom laws. Over 20 years ago I helped lead a broad bipartisan effort in Congress to pass the Religious Freedom Restoration Act or RFRA. RFRA sought to undo a mis-guided Supreme Court decision that authorized Congress and the States to abridge religious freedom so long as their actions did not specifically target religion. RFRA says that government 
may not substantially burden a per-son’s exercise of religion unless doing so is necessary to further a compelling government interest. 
The coalition that helped pass RFRA 
included Members as ideologically di-verse as Ted Kennedy, P
ATLEAHY , 
Strom Thurmond, and Phil Gramm. Groups from across the political spec-trum such as the ACLU, People For the American Way, the Traditional Values Coalition, and the Christian Legal So-ciety strongly supported the bill. Given this broad ideological support, RFRA passed the House without recorded op-position and passed the Senate 97 to 3— nearly unanimous. 
For a major piece of legislation like 
RFRA to pass Congress with only three recorded ‘‘no’’ votes was nearly unprec-edented and indicated the breadth of support at the time for the view that religious liberty deserves special pro-tection. 
Twenty years later, however, the 
consensus in favor of robust protection for religious liberty has splintered. 
Whereas the Federal RFRA was able to pass Congress almost without opposi-tion—the whole Congress, that is—re-cent efforts to enact State level RFRAs have run into substantial resistance. Efforts in Indiana and Arizona are two good examples. They ignited media firestorms and generated strong pushback from groups who mistakenly viewed the measures as discriminatory. It should be emphasized both bills were modeled after the Federal RFRA, but the political dynamics have changed so dramatically over the last 20 years that protecting religious freedom has gone from being the rare issue on which all sides agree to becoming a po-litical hot potato. Some groups that supported the Federal RFRA have even taken the position that future RFRAs must contain carve-outs for particular groups or particular issue areas. Many of these same groups endorsed an effort by Senate Democrats last year to ex-empt from the Federal RFRA all Fed-eral laws and regulations related to health care. Of course any carve-outs in religious liberty protections under-mine those protections because they limit the field on which religious lib-erty has full effect. For this reason the Federal RFRA contains no such carve- outs. Indeed, opposition to carve-outs was a key element in both assembling and maintaining the RFRA coalition two decades ago. Even if Members had varying views on the merits of certain practices, the one thing all could agree on is that religious liberty is a funda-mental universal value that should apply equally to everyone, but the price of admission for many groups today is a willingness to cut back on religious liberty in instances where re-ligious belief conflicts with progressive social goals. 
Twenty years ago this sort of hos-
tage-taking was nowhere on the agen-da, but religious liberty has now be-come a secondary goal or worse, an im-pediment, for many liberal groups that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.071 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7901 November 10, 2015 
value what they call progressive social 
policy over protecting the rights of be-lievers. I hate the use of that word ‘‘progressive’’ because it is anything but. This backtracking by many stal-wart defenders of religious liberty rep-resents one of the most serious ways religious freedom is under attack in this great country. 
I will note one other political sea 
change that is undermining religious liberty in the United States. For many years, groups on the left have been ad-vocating for laws to prohibit discrimi-nation on the basis of sexual orienta-tion. I am in general agreement with such laws and do not believe that sex-ual orientation should be grounds for discrimination or mistreatment. Many of the groups advocating for these laws have previously been willing to include exemptions for religious organizations that hold traditional views on mar-riage and sexuality. I believe such ex-emptions are appropriate and strike the right balance by protecting rights to nondiscrimination while enabling religious organizations to hold true to their beliefs. Indeed, I believe it is es-sential for nondiscrimination laws to properly accommodate religious lib-erty, and I would actively oppose any such law that fails to account for the rights of religious believers. 
Unfortunately, many groups that 
were previously willing to support reli-gious exemptions in nondiscrimination laws have reversed course. For exam-ple, many groups that supported last Congress’s Federal Employment Non-discrimination Act or ENDA, which would prohibit discrimination in the workplace on the basis of sexual ori-entation, have withdrawn their support for the act because it contains a robust exemption for religious organizations. This Congress, they are instead sup-porting the Equality Act, which con-tains no religious exemption at all. 
I supported ENDA because I believed 
it reflected the right balance between nondiscrimination and religious lib-erty. I took some criticism for doing so. I still believe it does reflect the right balance, but many groups on the left have indicated they are willing to cast religious liberty aside in further-ance of other goals. For these groups, religious liberty no longer deserves special protection. It is no longer a pre-eminent value. Rather, it should be ac-commodated only so far as it is conven-ient and does not interfere with other objectives. This is a sea change and one that bodes ill for the future vitality of religious freedom. 
I said at the outset that religious lib-
erty is under attack in America in ways that are both surprising and un-precedented. Certainly the willingness of former defenders of religious free-dom to turn their backs on believers is both. 
I would like to close by returning to 
the New Mexico photographer case I mentioned earlier, for that case con-tains perhaps the most surprising and unprecedented feature of all. In a con-curring opinion, one of the judges in 
the case called the requirement to vio-late one’s religious beliefs when they conflict with State social policy ‘‘the price of citizenship.’’ That statement represents a complete inversion of the relationship between government au-thority and religious liberty in Amer-ica. When we are born or become Amer-ican citizens, we do not surrender our rights of conscience to the government. We do not pledge our allegiance to a secular God. We retain our right to re-ligious liberty. Indeed, not only do we retain our right; our government guar-antees our right to freely practice our faith in accordance with the dictates of our own conscience. As the Declaration of Independence instructs, all men— and women—are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable rights, and it is the fundamental purpose of government to secure those rights. 
If there is a price we pay as American 
citizens, it is not that we give up our God-given rights, first and foremost of which is the right of religious liberty, it is that we agree to work together to promote the common good of our coun-try. 
Subjugating religious beliefs to gov-
ernment decrees is not the price of citi-zenship. To the contrary, respecting and honoring the fundamental rights of all Americans is the price our govern-ment pays in order to enjoy the contin-ued consent of the American people. Those who attack religious liberty and seek to devalue its place in society fun-damentally misunderstands this key point. 
Unfortunately, too many in America 
today, from the courts to the Obama administration, to the State legisla-tures, undervalue religious freedom and view it at best as a secondary goal. People of good will in Congress and across our Nation need to recognize that religious liberty is under attack and that unless we stand up and vo-cally support the rights of believers to live their faith, we will find much of what we have fought for and much of what our forebears fought for swept away. We must fortify the rights of be-lievers to follow their conscience even when their fellow citizens or elected of-ficials would prefer a different course. 
I will have much more to say on this 
topic in future remarks, but with that, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
f 
SUPPORTING OUR VETERANS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this 
week we honor the men and women who serve our Nation with honor and their families who also sacrifice— whom we do not remember enough— who sacrifice so much for the service-members they love and for all of us in our country. 
The sacrifice of our veterans de-
mands that we fulfill the promises we have made. This body is always willing to spend more dollars in armaments and on weapons, but when it comes 
time to fulfill our obligations to vet-erans, too many in this body are not generous enough. 
I am the only Ohioan ever to serve a 
full term on the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. I take that duty very seriously. I know the Presiding Officer, 
Senator T
ILLIS from North Carolina, 
does too. That means working to end the VA backlog. It means putting a better system in place. It means ensur-ing that our veterans have a roof over their heads and a place to call home. It means providing veterans with health care and the educational opportunities they deserve and which they have earned. 
Too many veterans face mental 
health challenges that can end in trag-edy. More than 8,000 veterans each year take their own lives—154 a week, 22 a day. Hundreds of thousands of veterans struggle with invisible injuries. Nearly 300,000 have been diagnosed with post- traumatic stress, and 300,000 have faced traumatic brain injuries—all because of the service they gave to us. 
Earlier this year we passed the Clay 
Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act. It is a good start yet not enough. We need to make sure that when servicemembers return home, they have the educational and the em-ployment opportunities they need, not only to survive but to thrive. 
The GI bill’s educational benefits are 
critical, but veterans, unfortunately, have a limited amount of time before their GI benefits expire. In crowded colleges—whether in North Carolina, Oklahoma or Ohio—general education requirements and prerequisites often fill up quickly. Many colleges and uni-versities in my State offer priority reg-istration to veterans. All of our col-leges and universities need to follow Ohio’s lead. That is why I worked with Senator T
ILLIS , the Presiding Officer, 
on legislation to ensure that all vet-erans and servicemembers and their qualifying dependents can use their GI benefits to their full potential and be guaranteed priority registration. 
The Senator from North Carolina and 
I also introduced the Fry Scholarship Enhancement Act, which would expand eligibility for the VA’s Yellow Ribbon Program to help students avoid out-of- pocket tuition and fees for programs that cost more than the allowance set by the post-9/11 GI bill. 
Sadly, for too many veterans, they 
are far from the goal where they should be. They struggle just to find a place to call home. 
According to the U.S. Department of 
Housing and Urban Development, some 50,000 veterans were homeless during a survey conducted on a single night in January 2014. That is 50,000 too many. It is a disgrace that after serving our country with honor, thousands of vet-erans are left without a roof over their heads. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.073 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7902 November 10, 2015 
Earlier this month I visited the Jo-
seph House in Cincinnati, where Na-than Pelletier and his team of dedi-cated staff and volunteers provide ad-diction treatment and traditional housing. 
A group of us meeting there, mostly 
veterans who are homeless or were homeless, listened to Britton Carter, who was formerly homeless. He com-pleted his treatment program in the Joseph House. He now works as a case manager there helping other struggling veterans. 
Veterans such as Mr. Carter have 
served our country with honor. We owe them support, and we owe them coun-seling when they return home. That is why I joined my colleagues in intro-ducing the Veteran Housing Stability Act of 2015, which would make mean-ingful improvements to services for homeless veterans that would give vet-erans more access to permanent hous-ing opportunities. 
We know in the Veterans’ Affairs 
Committee a number of things. We know that the unemployment rate of veterans is generally higher than soci-ety’s unemployment rate. We know that veterans’ suicide rate is higher than society’s suicide rate. We know that veterans’ drug addiction is higher than society’s drug addiction rate. We know that veterans have suffered from PTSD and traumatic brain injury in numbers much higher than the general population. That is why we owe them so much. We in this body so rarely think about the cost of war. 
We, as I said earlier, are willing to 
send more money to buy more weap-ons, to spend more money in arma-ments. We are not so generous when it comes time to take care of our vet-erans. 
f 
HONOR FLIGHTS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the last 
point I wish to make before turning to the Senator from Oklahoma is some-thing that we call Honor Flights. One of the great things that have come out of the National World War II Memorial is that men and women who have served in World War II are now getting the opportunity to go to visit this Na-tional World War II Memorial. 
Retired Air Force Capt. Earl Morse, 
who worked in a VA clinic in Spring-field, OH, would often talk with his World War II veteran patriots. He real-ized that for most of these veterans, their dream of seeing the memorial built on the National Mall would never come true. So one day in 2004, Captain Morse, a pilot and a member of the air club at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, asked one of his patients if he could personally fly him to Washington free of charge. The veteran, Mr. Loy, 
broke down in tears and accepted Earl’s offer. Soon Earl was offering to fly other World War II veterans to visit the memorial and soliciting help from other pilots. 
Eleven pilots from Wright-Patterson 
Air Force Base volunteered. In May 2005, the first Honor Flight took off 
from Springfield, OH. 
A decade later, the Honor Flight Net-
work is a national nonprofit that has flown 100,000 veterans, usually 40 or 50 or 60 at a time in a charter flight—al-ways with a caretaker because these veterans are never young. They are World War II veterans. They have been out of the service now for 70 years at least. 
The Honor Flight Program is in 41 
States. I have had the honor of meeting a number of them. Toledo, OH, seems to be one which has particularly ex-celled and is encouraging local people, raising local money and getting every single veteran from northwest Ohio who was able to and wanted to join these Honor Flights. 
I will quote one of these volunteers. 
Jim Salamon works for the Honor Flight Program in Dayton. He told me of a volunteer who goes by Ace and who works at an Arby’s in Maryland and provides discounted meals for Honor Flight Program attendees. Jim said: 
Ace is part of Honor Flight Dayton’s fam-
ily. We rely on Ace and he has not let us down. Over the last nine years Ace has saved us more than $30,000 [because of Arby’s do-nating these meals], which pays the cost of transporting 92 veterans. 
With an average of 800 World War II 
veterans dying each day, the mission of the Honor Flight Program is more im-portant now than ever. 
I am thankful to those who have 
helped Honor Flight. I am thankful to those veterans and their families who have done so much. 
I remind my colleagues, as they are 
always eager to vote for more money for weapons, that we should understand and think about the cost of war and take care of our returning servicemem-bers. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
f 
VETERANS DAY 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, 
there is a lot of news that is happening this week. There are a lot of things going on—an incredible celebration of veterans and the recognition they are very worthy of. That is the 1 percent in our Nation that actually secures the security of the rest of the 99 percent of our Nation. 
We could not be more grateful—mem-
bers of my own family, myself, and the proud people of Oklahoma who cele-brate our veterans every single day of the year. We are very pleased to be able to do that. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, we 
have a lot of information this week about ObamaCare hearings. They are again back in the news because the ad-ministration has filed a lawsuit against the Little Sisters of the Poor to compel them to violate their faith and to be 
able to put into practice the principles of ObamaCare rather than their own personal faith. 
So the Obama administration is tak-
ing a group of nuns called the Little Sisters of the Poor all the way to the Supreme Court to compel them to cave on their faith. That case actually in-cludes four universities from my State of Oklahoma as well that are grouped together with this group from the Lit-tle Sisters of the Poor that will all have to go before the Supreme Court to validate their faith publicly in front of the Nation while the administration tries to tell them they can’t practice their faith in America. 
f 
GITMO 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, we 
also have news this week that the President is trying to push through Gitmo and he is trying to change Gitmo through some sort of Executive action. We don’t know exactly what that is. 
He seems to have this flippant atti-
tude about what is going to happen at Guantanamo Bay, saying we can move them into the United States more cheaply. Well, I would tell you—as a person who has been to Guantanamo Bay and has seen that facility and am very aware of what is going on there— we are missing one big element. The terrorists do not know who the guards are at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Nor do they have access to their families. 
And while they are infuriated about 
Gitmo, I promise you if those prisoners are moved into Colorado, Oklahoma or Kansas or any other place, the terror-ists overseas won’t rage about Gitmo anymore, they will then rage about Colorado or they will then rage about Illinois or wherever those prisoners are being held. They are not mad at Gitmo and the treatment there. They are mad that these terrorists, whom they have affection for, are being detained by the United States of America. Right now all of the individuals who are guarding those individuals and keeping them de-tained will no longer be hidden any-more because terrorists could linger around the outside of these facilities and contact the different guards that are coming in and out. Suddenly, the guards and their family members be-come exposed and the stakes for those individuals are exposed. 
He is not thinking through the real 
consequences of flippantly moving these individuals into the United States. It is a big issue that we face. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, but I 
have to say this last weekend, as I was going through all the different news and the many things that we track, I was quite surprised last Friday after-noon at the way the President ad-dressed something that this Nation has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.075 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7903 November 10, 2015 
discussed for 7 years—a pipeline per-
mit, a permit called the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
It is not a revolutionary thing. Quite 
frankly, I wish to show you something. These are all the pipelines that cur-rently exist in the United States. 
Right now, there are 19 international 
crossings of pipelines already coming into the United States, either from Canada into the northern part of the United States or from Mexico and from the South. There are already 19 of them. This would just be a 20th pipe-line. There is nothing different about that. 
There are 60,000 miles of crude oil 
pipelines in the United States right now. There are about 63,000 miles of re-fined product pipelines. If you want to go to natural gas, there are about 300,000 miles of natural gas pipelines al-ready in the United States. Yet this pipeline is treated like some radical and new invention—as if we have never considered a pipeline before. But what surprised me so much wasn’t the 2,600- plus days that this pipeline request sat on the President’s desk. What surprised me was his reason for actually deciding not to do then the permits. That was the surprising part. 
Quite frankly, last Friday afternoon 
as I heard the reasons, I went back, read the transcript, and these were the three reasons the President gave. He said: No. 1, ‘‘the pipeline wouldn’t make a meaningful long-term con-tribution to our economy,’’ and he en-couraged us to pass a highway bill in-stead because it would provide more jobs. I don’t remember ever discussing and saying: This pipeline is going to provide as many jobs as highways. That has never been discussed on this floor. It is apples and oranges. A high-way bill is public funding. It is the tax-payers that actually fund transpor-tation, and we should do highways in transportation. 
This is a private project that was 
never intended to have as many jobs as a highway. It is a pipeline. So he said it is not going to provide enough jobs, and so he is not going to permit it. 
The second reason he gave is this: 
‘‘The pipeline would not lower gas prices for American consumers.’’ He said gasoline prices are already low, and so we don’t need this pipeline—as if gasoline prices don’t rise and fall and we shouldn’t plan forward for the fu-ture. 
Do you want to know why gasoline 
prices are low right now? It is because over the decades, Americans have done this, and we have an efficient system of moving energy. By the way, the pipe-line is the safest and least expensive way to move energy around our coun-try. So what the President is saying is this: What we have is enough. I don’t want to plan for the future anymore. I don’t want to look for what is going to 
help our children. Our prices are low enough. I don’t care what our children pay in the future days. 
Well, that is absurd. But, quite 
frankly, the third one is the one that was the most jarring to me, so I want 
to be able to say this statement to you. This is reason No. 3 the President gave: ‘‘Shipping crude oil into our country from unstable countries would not in-crease America’s energy security.’’ Let me read that to you again because I was so stunned by it. This is exactly from the President’s speech off of the White House site. This is what the President said off this statement. He will not permit the Keystone Pipeline coming from Canada into the United States. He said shipping dirtier crude oil into our country would not increase America’s energy security. He said: 
What has increased America’s energy secu-
rity is our strategy over the past several years to reduce our reliance on dirty fossil fuels from unstable parts of the world. 
Now, as I heard the President say 
that, I was a little taken aback because I don’t remember any other President referring to Canada as an unstable part of the world from which we don’t want to get our energy—an unstable coun-try, and saying Canada was that coun-try. 
So I kept reading it and rereading it, 
thinking maybe he was implying some-thing else, but the problem with that is he either means that Canada is an un-stable country and we don’t want to be reliant on them to get energy or he is saying the Middle East and other coun-tries are unstable and we don’t want to rely on them, so maybe we should buy from Canada instead. Either way it makes absolutely no sense. 
But in its context—as I read it and 
read it and read it—the President stat-ed that we don’t need to have a Key-stone Pipeline because Canada is un-stable and we don’t want to buy from unstable countries. 
I would tell you that since the War of 
1812 we have gotten along with Canada pretty well. We seem to have settled our differences about 1815, and they have been a very stable trading partner for us. It seems nonsensical to hear the President say: Because it doesn’t produce enough jobs, I am not going to permit it. Because it won’t affect the price of gasoline today, I won’t permit it. And because Canada is unstable as a trading partner, I am not going to per-mit it. 
The President can choose to do what-
ever he chooses to do, but answers like this make no sense to the American people and they make no sense to en-ergy country when we understand full well the actual facts on the ground. 
In recent days, we have actually 
started an energy swap with Mexico. Many people may not even know that. You see, all oil is not the same. Heav-ier crude oil is preferred by many of our refineries in the United States. Quite frankly, our refineries are capa-ble of separating out more of the dif-ferent minerals and such that are with-in heavy crude or what is often called sour crude. Our refineries prefer the heavier crude, much like what Canada produces and many parts of the United States and Mexico produces. Many of the refineries in Mexico actually prefer 
the light sweet crude. We actually have more light sweet crude in America than we can use and what our refin-eries would prefer to have. 
So in the past couple of months, Mex-
ico and the United States have worked a swap from pipelines, where they are picking up about 75,000 barrels of light sweet and swapping us 75,000 barrels of heavier crude because they have a com-modity we want and we have a com-modity they want. That is how we could solve some of our energy issues, to actually look for what is the most efficient, whether it is purchasing it from a pipeline from Canada, which makes great economic sense to us, or exporting our oil anywhere else around the world, whether to Mexico or any other country. 
This body knows full well the United 
States cannot sell our oil on the world market because we have a statute in place that would have us believe we are running out of oil rather than having a tremendous amount, which is factually true, and we have particular types of oil that like sweet crude many refin-eries around the world want. We actu-ally have more of it than we can use. We should sell that. We should put that on the open market. It is cleaner, it is easier to refine, and it is a way to be able to stabilize jobs in the United States. 
I have been in front of this body time 
after time with a simple statement: We can sell unleaded around the world, we can sell diesel around the world, we can sell coal around the world, and we can sell natural gas around the world, but for whatever reason we can’t sell crude oil around the world. That makes abso-lutely no sense and we should fix it. 
Tens of thousands of Americans have 
lost their jobs because this body has not acted on something as simple as being able to sell a product the world wants and we have on the world mar-ket. It is fixable. It is not about envi-ronmental disaster. The world is going to use oil. Even the administration and quite frankly even the President in his own speech made this statement last week: The truth is the United States will continue to rely on oil and gas. And so will the world. Until some other solution is out there, which no one sees currently on the horizon, we are going to continue to use oil and gas. Why don’t we do it the cleanest way possible and why don’t we provide American jobs while we are doing it? 
It is fixable. It shouldn’t be divisive. 
It is about putting Americans back to work and about helping our economy. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). The Senator from Massachu-
setts. 
f 
VETERANS DAY AND CLIMATE 
CHANGE 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, tomor-
row is Veterans Day, and on Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.077 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7904 November 10, 2015 
Day it is important that we thank 
America’s veterans and their families for their service to our Nation. Vet-erans Day is a time to honor all those brave men and women who put them-selves in harm’s way so we may enjoy the tremendous freedoms and personal liberties that make our Nation the greatest in the world. Such bravery de-serves our unending gratitude. 
We have an obligation to honor them 
all year-round by fighting to ensure they have the resources, the support, and the protections which they have earned. They fought for us, and now we need to fight for them. When we send our men and women in uniform abroad, we can be confident they will do their utmost to complete their missions. Our mission, as Senators, is to minimize the need to send our armed services members into harm’s way. The root causes of overseas conflict are complex and diverse, from religious divisions to natural resource allocations, to demo-cratic yearnings. Increasingly, in the modern era, climate change is strain-ing the strands of stability until they snap. 
When I was chairman of the House 
Select Committee on Energy Independ-ence and Global Warming, I held a 2007 hearing where one U.S. general told the story of Somalia, how drought in So-malia had caused a famine and how that famine had ultimately then led to and encouraged a conflict. The pattern in Somalia is the same pattern that we see in other countries: drought leading to famine, leading to fights between different tribes or peoples who other-wise had no reason to fight. Aid came in from the United States, warlords started to fight over it, and that is how 18 U.S. service people lost their lives in what we now call ‘‘Black Hawk Down.’’ 
In 2010, terrible droughts in Russia 
and China and floods in Pakistan deci-mated wheat harvests and created a global shortage. The price of wheat in-creased dramatically. The Middle East, home to the world’s top nine wheat im-porters, felt it severely, especially since the region’s farmers struggled with their own parched fields. Much of Syria was gripped with the worst drought it had ever experienced. The price of bread skyrocketed across the region and demands for regime change were not far behind. 
As we look around the world, we can 
see, hear, and feel how climate change is a threat multiplier and a catalyst for conflict today. While we have to deal with the consequences of climate change that are already apparent, there is still time to prevent future ca-tastrophes. That is why President Obama has been using the tool he has in the Clean Air Act to reduce carbon pollution. He has used it to increase the fuel efficiency of America’s cars and trucks, and now he has released the Clean Power Plan, but Republicans want to undo it with the Congressional Review Act. 
Starting next Monday in this Cham-
ber, Senate Republicans can bring the resolution to the Senate floor at any 
time to dismantle the Clean Power Plan. Undoing it would be bad for our economy, bad for our health, and bad for our national security. 
Now, 2014 was the hottest year in 
global history. Records go back all the way to 1880—the warmest year. The first half of this year is now the hot-test January to June in that same record. The Clean Power Plan captures the scientific urgency and the eco-nomic opportunity necessary to avoid the worst consequences of climate change. The Clean Power Plan provides flexibility to the States to find the so-lutions to reducing carbon pollution that works best for their situations, unleashing a clean energy revolution in every single State in the Union. It will create jobs and save consumers billions on their electricity bills. It will avert almost 100,000 asthma attacks and pre-vent thousands of premature deaths. The climate and health benefits of the rule are estimated to save $34 billion to $54 billion per year by the year 2030. 
Using the Clean Air Act to reduce 
carbon pollution is grounded in the Su-preme Court’s 2007 decision that con-firmed the Environmental Protection Agency’s authority to regulate carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping gases as pollutants under the Act. The Su-preme Court has reaffirmed that au-thority in two subsequent cases, and we have used that authority to set car-bon pollution standards for vehicles. These standards, along with increasing the fuel economy of our Nation’s cars and trucks, are reducing pollution, sav-ing drivers money, and sparking inno-vation. We will see similar benefits coming from the Clean Power Plan. 
Some of my colleagues in the Senate 
say it can’t be done. Some will say it will raise electricity bills. Some will say it will kill jobs. The problem for them is their claims are just not true. The Clean Power Plan is a plan to cre-ate jobs and to grow our economy. It is a signal to the marketplace to invest in clean energy—in wind, in solar, and other renewable energy resources. That is the 21st century. Too many people on the Senate floor keep looking at the future in a rearview mirror. They keep looking backward instead of ahead, unleashing the technologies of the 21st century. The green generation, the young people in our country, they know we can do this. They know re-newables are the technologies of the 21st century. If we do it, it will be a signal to the rest of the world that the United States is going to lead the ef-fort to reduce greenhouse gases, while unleashing a job-creating renewable energy revolution not just for our own country but for the entire planet. 
Just 2 months ago, in September, 
Congress had the honor of hearing from Pope Francis, who shared his message of action. He told us the American peo-ple can do it. He said: 
I call for a courageous and responsible ef-
fort to redirect our steps and to avert the most serious effects of the environmental de-terioration caused by human activity. I am 
convinced we can make a difference and I have no doubt that the United States—and this Congress—have an important role to play. Now is the time for courageous actions and strategies. 
He is right. The Pope is right. This is 
the time for action from Congress—not denial, not obstructionism. Now is the time for the United States, for this Senate, to be the leader in finding the global solutions to this threat of dan-gerous climate change. 
So what the Pope did was take the 
message of Christ and not deliver a ‘‘Sermon on the Mount,’’ he delivered a sermon on the Hill—a sermon on the Hill to the Members of the House and the Senate to do everything they can to reduce dangerous greenhouse gases. In saying that to us, he said it as some-one who taught high school chemistry, as someone who knows this issue—a Pope who taught chemistry. The Pope did not believe that science is at odds with religion. The Pope believes science and technology is the answer to our prayers, and he called upon us to unleash a technological revolution to reduce these dangerous greenhouse gases. 
Why do we know that we can do this? 
It is a moral imperative. The Pope ba-sically said three things: No. 1, the planet is dangerously warming and the science confirms that; No. 2, human ac-tivity is largely contributing to the warming of the planet and the science confirms that; and, No. 3, since human beings are causing this problem, they have a moral responsibility and a moral imperative to do something about it. We are the United States of America. We are the global leader in technology. We are the revolution. So let’s see how far we have come in a very brief period of time. 
In 2005, we installed 79 megawatts of 
solar in the United States. Solar tech-nology had been around for genera-tions. Einstein actually won his Nobel Prize for breakthroughs in solar re-search. Yet this is where we were in 2005; a tiny 79 megawatts was all we were able to install. Then we began to change policies in the United States. We began to have States across the country, 30 States, which said we are going to have more renewable elec-tricity in our States. We put tax breaks on the books, and look what happened in that very brief period of time. By 2014, nearly 7,000 megawatts in solar were installed in 1 year, up from 79, 100 times more solar, after not doing anything for generations. Poli-cies were put on the books. All the deniers, all those doubters—all of a sudden everything they said about how solar wasn’t practical, solar couldn’t solve the problem—were confronted with this reality. 
This year nearly 8,000 megawatts are 
going to be installed; next year, 12,000 megawatts of solar. We are going to have 40,000 megawatts of solar installed by the end of next year in the United States—40,000—and we were doing 79 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.078 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7905 November 10, 2015 
total in 2005. That is how rapidly it is 
changing. That is how many new jobs are being created in America. 
The same thing is happening in wind. 
Wind is going to be producing 20,000 new megawatts in just 2015 and 2016. 
So here is the good news, and it is in-
credibly great. There will be 300,000 jobs in the wind and solar sector by the end of next year, 300,000 people work-ing. There will only be 65,000 coal min-ers, but we will have 300,000 people with these incredible jobs in wind and solar. That is a revolution that wasn’t on the books just 10 years ago. All the experts said it can’t happen, it won’t work, and it will never be successful. 
So these revolutions are the things 
on which we have to continue to be the leaders to ensure that we put on the books and keep on the books so that we are successful. There is a technological imperative that we lead, there is an economic imperative that we lead be-cause these jobs get created, and there is a moral responsibility that the United States has because we were the leading polluter for 100 years on the planet. China has now caught up to us, but a lot of that CO
2is red, white, and 
blue. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent for 1 additional minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MARKEY. So here is where we 
are: The President is going to use all of his legal authority to reach a deal in Paris. He will do it pursuant to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change that was signed by President George Herbert Walker Bush and ratified by the Senate in 1992, so everything he is doing in Paris is com-pletely pursuant to a treaty that was 
agreed to by this body. He is doing the Clean Power Plan to reduce greenhouse gases by 30 percent by the year 2030 in the electric utility sector, by the Clean Air Act of 1990, a law passed by the Senate. He increased the fuel economy standards to 54.5 miles per gallon by the year 2025, still the largest reduc-tion of greenhouse gas in the world’s history, pursuant to a law passed in 2007 by the U.S. Senate. 
Underlying it all is an authority 
given to him by the Supreme Court in 2007, in Massachusetts versus the EPA, which mandated the EPA had to act if they found there was an endangerment of an environment. All of this is legal, all of it is authority the President is using, and all of it is working to create a new era of clean energy jobs all across our country so that we are no longer preaching temperance from a barstool to the rest of the world. We can now say to China and to India: You too must put your reductions on the books. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
f 
STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor this evening to talk about two issues that are of particular 
importance to me. When most look at me now, they think about energy and more typically about Alaskan energy. I am not going to disappoint tonight. I would like to speak to that, but I would also like to speak this evening about the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve, the SPR. We have been talking about it a lot of late. It has been viewed as a source of revenue—a pay- for, if you will—with certain measures that we have seen of late, whether it be the transportation measure that we have in front of us, the budget deal that was executed a couple weeks ago, or other measures. 
I want to take a few minutes this 
evening to talk about the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve. I will start by first addressing what I will call the flagship SPR. It is the very important stuff, if you will, within the Reserve, and that is the crude oil. I call this the flagship because there are five product petro-leum reserve sites in the Northeast. We have product reserve sites for gasoline, distillate, and home heating oil, but these are relatively small reserve sites. There are about 2 million barrels total. I think their effectiveness is probably more controversial. But the flagship SPR is truly—when we think about the impact, the import to our economy and to a level of stability, the flagship Strategic Petroleum Reserve occupies giant underground caverns along the gulf coast. 
I had the opportunity to visit the site 
of one of our Strategic Petroleum Re-serves. It holds some 695 million bar-rels, and they are ready to cover our Nation’s net imports for several months if global energy markets should spiral out of control. 
The comforting reality about these 
flagship SPRs is that, through thick and thin, these reserves are rarely ever tapped. They have offered a measure of security and stability that I think is unique in the history of global com-merce. 
Amid higher levels of domestic pro-
duction and lower levels of imports, a number of reforms are being considered for the SPR by the Department of En-ergy now. There has been a lot of dis-cussion. There is a study underway by the DOE, and a discussion about up-grading the distribution capacity of the SPR is underway, and it clearly has merit. 
The North American energy land-
scape has changed so quickly and so dramatically that the volume of oil we can pump out of the Reserve is greater and potentially much greater than the volume of oil we can actually move to refineries. This is something we need to understand and study more, but it is something that—we have congested waterways, we can look at reversed pipelines and so on, ways that we can figure out how we can move this oil more readily if we so need it. 
In the measure we have just executed 
with the budget proposal, there is fund-ing set aside for Strategic Petroleum Reserve maintenance and life exten-
sion, hopefully for marine terminals, but effectively recognizing that we need to make sure that our SPR actu-ally functions as it is intended. That study is underway. We will learn more, hopefully in the spring, but the impera-tive to have a functioning, workable SPR is one that goes to national secu-rity, really, from an overall stability argument. I remain opposed to sugges-tions by some that we should use the Reserve to pay for completely unre-lated programs or that we simply sell off the entire stockpile, as some have suggested. 
As I wrote in my July report of this 
year called ‘‘A Turbulent World,’’ we 
have drawn down SPR only on a lim-ited number of occasions. In the entire history of the Reserve itself, only ap-proximately 166 million barrels have ever left the storage sites for any rea-sons. So 166 barrels have been sold off over the course of the life of the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve for exchanges, emergencies, tests, deficit reductions. Everything that we have ever done that has involved a sale of the SPR to-tals just about 166 million barrels. That is this graph over here. 
Over here are the new proposed sales 
to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. If we add up the barrels this Congress— the 114th Congress—has already com-mitted to sell for SPR modernization, the Bipartisan Budget Act, the DRIVE Act, the Transportation bill, and then a bill over on the House side, the 21st Century Cures Act, we are looking at a total of 279 million barrels to be sold off. That is 40 million for SPR mod-ernization, 58 million for the Bipar-tisan Budget Act, 21st Century Cures Act is 80 million, and the highway bill is 101 million. We would be selling off 279 million barrels total. Think about that—in the entire life of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, 166 million barrels sold off. In one Congress, what we are proposing is 279 million barrels. It is quite eye-catching. 
These numbers matter. The SPR is 
designed to provide 90 days of net im-port protection. It is a pretty simple math equation we are dealing with. If we import more, we need more in stor-age; if we import less, we need less. Currently, net imports are about 5 mil-lion barrels per day. Therefore, the bare minimum we need in storage is 450 million barrels. So if we execute all of the sales the 114th Congress has either approved or is considering, we dip below the bare minimum that is re-quired—the 450 million barrels—by the end of the 10-year window. I am going to be releasing another report on the cumulative impact of all these sales on the integrity of the Reserve, so we should be seeing that in a few days. 
f 
PETROLEUM ADMINISTRATION 
FOR DEFENSE DISTRICT 5 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I would like to turn quickly to a Department of Energy proposal to con-struct a new petroleum product reserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.080 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7906 November 10, 2015 
on the west coast. We call this PADD 5, 
short for Petroleum Administration for Defense District 5. PADD 5 is impor-tant because it consumes 17 percent of the Nation’s gasoline, 13 percent of its diesel fuel, and 30 percent of its jet fuel. 
At the same time, PADD 5 is geo-
graphically isolated, according to the Energy Information Administration. The approximately 30 refineries oper-ating on the west coast are responsible for supplying nearly all of its petro-leum products. 
The argument for a product reserve 
is relatively straightforward. Because PADD 5 is separated from the rest of the country by the Rocky Mountains and from the world by the Pacific Ocean, a stockpile of refined fuel should be established. That is the argu-ment that is out there. I don’t oppose a study of this concept, but I can see the pitfalls out there. PADD 5 imports over 1 million barrels of crude oil and petro-leum products each day, suggesting that it really is not cut off from the world in the first place. And bear in mind the size of the district that we are talking about. Any stockpile would have to be really enormous to have sig-nificant impact. 
Finally, would Federal gasoline re-
serves supplement or replace commer-cial stocks? That is a question that needs to be asked. 
So perhaps the solution is not a re-
fined product reserve at all but instead a return to basics, and that basic is crude oil. After all, there are reasons we chose crude oil instead of the prod-ucts when we first created the Reserve. By and large, that rationale hasn’t changed. First, oil is better suited, chemically and economically, for long- term storage underground, we don’t have seasonal specifications on oil as we do on gasoline, and oil can be proc-essed into an array of products while gasoline cannot. 
Very quickly, taking this back to 
Alaska, a gasoline reserve on the west coast of any size would be small pota-toes when compared to the incredible resource base we have in Alaska. For decades now, tankers have shipped North Slope crude to the line of refin-eries that stretch from Anacortes, WA, down to Los Angeles. Drivers up and down the coast fuel their cars with gas-oline that is refined from this Alaskan oil every day. 
Alaska North Slope crude oil is 
chemically similar to the kinds of oil stored in the SPR. In fact, according to the Department of Energy, over 30 mil-lion barrels of Alaskan oil have been stored in the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve. West coast refineries are opti-mized to run Alaskan crude. The Trans-Alaska Pipeline System is only pumping about 500,000 barrels per day, down from 2 million barrels per day at its peak. So there is plenty of room in our already built, already operating pipeline. The problem is—and you have heard me say this before—the Federal Government controls some 60 percent of the land in our State. More than 10 
billion barrels of oil are buried under our onshore Federal lands alone, to say nothing of what is held in our offshore waters but remain almost universally inaccessible to American explorers and producers. That includes about 10 bil-lion barrels in the nonwilderness por-tion of ANWR, where we are asking for permission to develop 2,000 acres or 0.01 percent of the surface of the refuge. That is all we are asking to access. Be-yond our ANWR resources, we have at least another 900 million barrels in our National Petroleum Reserve, which is an area that is specifically reserved for development. The estimate on the 900 million barrels there is that it is likely far too low. 
For the record, I would add that 
Alaskans overwhelmingly support de-velopment of both of these areas. More than 70 percent of Alaskans want de-velopment, understanding the signifi-cant economic benefits it will bring and the strong record of environmental stewardship we have in the State. 
We have an opportunity. We have an 
opportunity to develop our resources in order to create jobs, generate revenues, and bolster our Nation’s security and competitiveness. By doing this, we can actually address not just one but two threats: First, the Trans-Alaska Pipe-line is just one-third full; in large part because of the anti-energy decisions made by this administration and the west coast is more vulnerable to supply disruptions as a result of falling pro-duction. 
You think about a crisis situation in 
the Middle East. The west coast will need more oil. Its refineries are ready to run Alaskan crude and Alaskans are ready to ship it, but there is nothing to ship because the oil is still in the ground and there is no way to trans-port it from the North Slope to the ter-minals along the southern coast of the State. 
I am not talking about keeping our 
oil in pristine condition, never to be used. Energy is not fine china that you keep up on a shelf. The Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve is not a petroleum preserve. Our strategic stocks, barrels ready to go, should rarely be tapped, but Alaskan resources are already part of the daily life of Californians, Hawai-ians. The resource must be accessible, though, but first they need to be accessed. 
Opening Alaska’s resources now 
would ensure that more oil is trans-ported through TAPS. A healthy pipe-line would ensure that oil can be shipped from Alaska to fuel the west coast refineries when they need it and help ensure that energy remains afford-able for the west coast. 
Instead of constructing an entirely 
new product reserve, as some are con-templating, perhaps what we should do is preserve the infrastructure we have already built and leverage it to boost our energy security. Why would we want to build a reserve when you can prevent a shortage in the first place by letting a State that wants to produce 
oil go ahead and produce the oil? To me that is sound, strategic thinking. That would be a policy that benefits us in-stead of simply costing more money that we don’t have. That is the kind of thinking that I believe our Nation and our future generations should have. 
f 
INTERNET SERVICES AND TECH-
NOLOGY RESOURCES USAGE RULES 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to 
inform all Senators that on November 9, 2015, the Committee on Rules and Administration adopted the U.S. Sen-ate Internet Services and Technology Resources Usage Rules which will su-persede and replace the U.S. Senate Internet Services Usage Rules and Policies previously adopted in 2008. 
Given the many advances in tech-
nology since the last regulations were adopted, an update was required to fa-cilitate the use of modern communica-tion tools. The new regulations mod-ernize our rules so Senate offices can utilize new technologies, such as third- party social networking sites and data analytics, to more effectively commu-nicate with constituents. 
While in some cases, outmoded re-
strictions on these technologies have been eased, certain restrictions nec-essarily remain in place including pro-hibitions on campaign content or links on official sites, for example. The regu-lations should be reviewed carefully to see where new methods have been au-thorized as well as what restrictions remain. 
These rules are effective imme-
diately. I hope Senate offices will be able to make use of the new tech-nologies and methods they authorize to enhance constituent communications. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the rules as adopt-ed be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE INTERNET SERVICES AND TECH-
NOLOGY RESOURCES USAGE RULES ADOPTED  
BY THE COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINIS -
TRATION ON NOVEMBER 9, 2015 
1.0 DEFINITIONS  
For purposes of these Rules, the following 
terms shall have the meaning specified— 
1.1Senate Office . Means— 
1.1.1 A Member or Member office; 1.1.2 A Committee Chair, Committee 
Ranking Member or Committee office; 
1.1.3 Senate Officers; and 1.1.4 Leadership Offices. 1.2Senate Rules Committee . Means the U.S. 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administra-tion. 
1.3Senate Internet Services . Include, but 
are not limited to, the Senate Computer Net-work, World Wide Web, electronic mail, blogs, Podcasts, and streaming media used for official purposes. 
1.4Senate Technology Resources . Include, 
but are not limited to,— 
1.4.1 Hardware such as servers, computers, 
laptops, telephones, cell phones, wireless de-vices, and software that are owned, managed, maintained, leased, or otherwise provided by the U.S. Senate or a Senate office; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.081 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7907 November 10, 2015 
1.4.2 Handheld communications devices, 
including tablet computers, and associated information technology services, including dual use devices that meet the limited excep-tion provided by the Senate Select Com-mittee on Ethics. 
1.5Official Senate Office Website . Means a 
website supported by Senate resources and dedicated to official business of the Senate Office. 
1.6Official Third-Party Website . A Third- 
Party Website means any website or online application, profile, or channel residing out-side of the Senate.gov domain and available to the general public, including but not lim-ited to social media ( e.g., Facebook, Twitter, 
etc.). An Official Third-Party Website is a Third-Party Website that a Senate Office uses for official business pursuant to these rules. 
1.7Official Website . Means an Official Sen-
ate Office Website or Official Third-Party Website. 
1.8Official Business . Means activities and 
duties which directly or indirectly pertain to the legislative process or to any congres-sional representative functions generally, or to the functioning, working, or operating of the Congress and the performance of official duties in connection therewith, and shall in-clude, but not be limited to, the conveying of information to the public, and the requesting and collection of the views of the public (in-cluding through surveys, opinion polls, and web data analytics), or the views and infor-mation of other governmental entities, as a guide or a means of assistance in the per-formance of those functions. 
1.9Campaign Purposes . Include, but are 
not limited to,— 
1.9.1 Solicitation of political support for 
the sender or any other person or political party, or a vote or financial assistance for any candidate for any political office; or 
1.9.2 Matter which mentions a Member or 
a staff member of a Member as a candidate for political office, or which constitutes elec-tioneering, or which advocates the election or defeat of any individuals, or a political party. 
1.10 Commercial Purposes . Include, but are 
not limited to, direct or indirect pursuit of private commercial business activities or profit-making ventures or advertising there-for, direct or indirect solicitation of funds or the purchase of goods or services, and identi-fication and solicitation of investors or other sources of capital for for-profit enterprises. 
1.11 Fundraising Purposes . Include, but are 
not limited to, direct or indirect solicitation of funds, pledges or other types of contribu-tions, e.g., for political parties or campaigns, 
nonprofit or charitable organizations, or dis-aster or humanitarian relief efforts. 
1.12 Promotional Purposes . Include, but are 
not limited to, publicizing or advertising a product, organization, institution, or ven-ture so as to increase sales or public aware-ness. 
2.0 SCOPE , RESPONSIBILITIES , AND PROHIBITED  
USES 
2.1Official Business Use Only . Use of Sen-
ate Internet Services and Senate technology resources is for activities and duties directly connected with the official business of the Senate. 
2.2Prohibited Uses . Use of Senate Internet 
Services and Senate technology resources for campaign, fundraising, commercial, or pro-motional purposes is prohibited, except for authorized ‘‘dual use devices’’ which, subject to certain restrictions, may be used for both campaign and official business purposes. 
2.3Use of Official Websites . Information 
provided on or through an Official Website must relate to activities and duties directly connected with the official and representa-tional business of the Senate. 2.4Oversight of Internet and Information 
Security . It is the responsibility of each Sen-
ate office to oversee the use of Senate Inter-net Services and Senate technology re-sources by that office and to ensure their use is consistent with the requirements of these Rules and applicable laws and regulations. The office has sole responsibility for effec-tively applying and complying with informa-tion security guidelines set out by the Sen-ate Sergeant-At-Arms. 
2.5Decorum Rule . Use of Senate Internet 
Services and Senate technology resources to impute to another Senator or to other Sen-ators any conduct or motive unworthy or un-becoming a Senator, or to refer offensively to any State of the Union, is prohibited. 
2.6Personal Use . Senate Internet Services 
and Senate technology resources are pro-vided for the conduct of official business. Personal use is permitted on a de minimis 
basis only in a manner that does not super-sede or contradict these Rules such as the general rule prohibiting the use of Senate Internet Resources and Senate technology resources for campaign, fundraising, com-mercial and promotional purposes. 
3.0 OFFICIAL SENATE OFFICE WEBSITES  
3.1Host Domain . An Official Senate Office 
Website must be located in the ‘‘senate.gov’’ host domain. 
3.2URL Name . The URL name of an Offi-
cial Senate Office Website located in the ‘‘senate.gov’’ domain is limited to one of the following formulations— 
3.2.1 Member Website . Must contain the 
Member’s last name. 
3.2.2 Committee or Senate Officer Website, 
including a Committee website maintained by the Committee Chair or the Committee Ranking Member . Must contain the name of the Com-
mittee or title of the Senate Officer. 
3.2.3 Leadership Offices . Must contain the 
name of, or acronym for, the office. For ex-ample, the offices of the Senate Majority Leader, Senate Minority Leader, Senate Ma-jority Whip and Senate Minority Whip websites may utilize: Majority Leader, Ma-jority Whip, Minority Leader, Minority Whip, Republican Leader, Republican Whip, Democratic Leader, Democratic Whip, as ap-propriate, to access the website directly or via a URL redirection. Web domains are to be surrendered in the event of a change in leadership. 
3.3Task Force, Caucus, and Issue-Oriented 
Websites . Use of the ‘‘senate.gov’’ host do-
main for task force, caucus, or other issue- oriented websites is prohibited. However, this does not prohibit a Member from ref-erencing such issues or a task force on an Of-ficial Website. 
3.4Senate Staff . Senate staff are prohib-
ited from establishing or maintaining an Of-ficial Senate Office Website in their own name in the ‘‘senate.gov’’ domain. 
4.0 OFFICIAL THIRD -PARTY WEBSITES AND  
OFFICIAL ACCOUNTS  
4.1In General . A Senate office may main-
tain an official account or official public pro-file for each Official Third-Party Website. 
4.2 The Senate Rules Committee main-
tains a non-exhaustive list of approved sites that have a terms-of-service agreement with the Senate. Use of an Official Third-Party Website not on the approved list may be re-stricted for security reasons and/or for fail-ure to comply with applicable Senate rules and regulations. 
4.3 An Official Third-Party Website shall 
identify itself as follows— 
4.3.1 Member . The username, display 
name, or title of the Member’s website must include the title ‘‘U.S. Senator’’ or an abbre-viation thereof and the Member’s last name. 
4.3.2 Committee . The username, display 
name, or title of the website, including one maintained by the Committee Chair or the 
Committee Ranking Member, must include the name of the Committee or an abbrevia-tion thereof, but may not include a Mem-ber’s name. 
4.3.3 Senate Officer . The username, display 
name, or title of a Senate Officer’s website must include the name of the Office or an ab-breviation thereof, but may not include the Officer’s name. 
4.3.4 Leadership Office . The username, dis-
play name, or title of the Leadership Office website must include the name of the Office or an abbreviation thereof. 
4.3.5 Identifying Statement . The website 
shall display a statement identifying the ac-count or profile as the ‘‘official account of’’ the Member, Committee, Leadership Office, or Senate Officer, as applicable. 
4.4Use of the Senate Seal . Use of any like-
ness of the Seal of the United States Senate on a non-Senate website or application is prohibited. 
4.5Security . Use of an Official Third-Party 
Website determined to pose a possible threat to the security of the Senate computer net-work shall be discontinued, per the direction of the Senate Rules Committee, until the risk is fully assessed and the risk mitigated to a level acceptable to the Senate Rules Committee. 
4.6Last Day of a Member’s Term . A Mem-
ber’s official account on an Official Third- Party Website cannot be supported by Sen-ate resources beyond the last day of the Member’s term. Official Third-Party Websites must be deactivated or converted at the expiration of the term. Converted third-party websites cannot be supported with Senate resources and may no longer be identified as official. 
5.0 LINKS BETWEEN WEBSITES  
5.1 The following is prohibited— 
5.1.1 Linking or posting from an Official 
Website to campaign, fundraising, commer-cial, or promotional sites except as provided for in section 5.3. 
5.1.2 Linking or posting from an Official 
Website to a Member’s campaign or personal website. 
5.1.3 Linking or posting from a campaign 
website controlled by or under the direction of a Member or group of Members to an Offi-cial Website. 
5.2 The following is permitted— 5.2.1 Linking or posting from an Official 
Website to another Official Website of the same Member. 
5.2.2 Linking or posting from an Official 
Website to another Member, Committee, Leadership Office, or Senate Officer’s Official Website. 
5.2.3 Linking or posting from a Member’s 
personal website to a Member’s Official Website. 
5.2.4 Linking or posting from a Member’s 
Official Website to an official government website, including an official federal, state, or local government site. 
5.3 Linking or posting from an Official 
Website to non-governmental sites (includ-ing commercial and promotional sites) only for official business purposes is permitted, provided the Senate office does not endorse, direct, control, support or discourage action by the non-governmental organization by means of the post or link. Links to fund-raising or campaign sites do not fit within this exception and are prohibited. 
6.0 SPECIAL RULES FOR 60 -DAY MORATORIUM  
PERIOD  
6.1 For purposes of this section, the fol-
lowing terms shall have the meaning speci-fied— 
6.1.1 Moratorium period . Means the 60 days 
immediately preceding the date of any pri-mary or general election (whether regular, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.044 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7908 November 10, 2015 
special, or runoff) in which the Member is a 
candidate. 
6.1.2 Uncontested candidate . When the Sen-
ate Rules Committee receives written cer-tification from the appropriate state official that the Member’s candidacy may not be contested under state law, that candidate is uncontested. A Member running for re-elec-tion in a state that permits write-in votes for the Member’s election shall be considered a contested candidate and is subject to the restrictions in this section. 
6.1.3 Mass communication . Means an elec-
tronic communication including, but not limited to, posting to an Official Website, automated telephone calls for events such as Tele-Town Halls, and electronic mail trans-mission of substantially identical content to 500 or more recipients. 
6.2 During the moratorium period, no 
Member office may seek constituent input or inquiries (such as online petitions or opinion polls) via a mass communication using Sen-ate Internet Services unless the Member is an uncontested candidate. Nor shall a Mem-ber do so on behalf of another Member unless the other Member is an uncontested can-didate. 
6.3 No Member office may transmit an un-
solicited mass communication during the moratorium period unless the Member is an uncontested candidate. A mass communica-tion to a subscriber list or a post on an Offi-cial Website available to voluntary followers is deemed to be solicited and is therefore permitted during the moratorium period (subject to the limitations of 6.2). 
6.4 Communications in the normal course 
of Senate official business such as in direct response to a constituent, another Member of Congress, or a federal, state or local gov-ernment official and a news release to the communications media are permitted during the moratorium period. 
6.5 A Member subject to the restrictions 
in this section shall display the following statement on the Member’s Official Senate Website homepage: ‘‘Pursuant to Senate Pol-icy, petitions, opinion polls and unsolicited mass electronic communications cannot be initiated by this office for the 60-day period immediately before the date of a primary or general election. Subscribers currently re-ceiving electronic communications from this office who wish to unsubscribe may do so here (link).’’ The words ‘‘Senate Policy’’ must be hypertext linked to these rules dis-played on the Member’s home page. 
6.6 A Member may not use another Senate 
office such as a Senate committee to cir-cumvent these Rules. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, on the 
eve of Veterans Day and the 240th Birthday of the United States Marine Corps, I rise to speak about the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, NDAA. 
This legislation has taken a circui-
tous route to get to where it is today. The President correctly vetoed the original bill as it was a flawed product. It was flawed in the sense that it un-fairly exempted the defense budget from the same draconian budget caps on nondefense programs by utilizing the overseas contingency operations, OCO. While this approach would have funded the defense bill, it neglected our economic security and left unaddressed important national priorities including law enforcement, education, transpor-tation and community development, 
and medical research. A strong econ-omy and strong communities are the backbone of our national security, and we should not divide our country into two Americas—defense on one side and everyone else on the other. That is not the way Congress should be doing busi-ness, and that is why our military lead-ers, led by Secretary of Defense Carter, opposed the earlier versions of this year’s NDAA. 
The bill, which we passed 91–3 today, 
comes after passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act, which provides balanced relief from cuts to ensure we have a strong defense and a strong economy. I supported this revised bill. While it was not a perfect bill, it is the result of a bipartisan compromise by the Con-gress. The fiscal year 2016 NDAA pro-vides the men and women of our Armed Forces with the resources and equip-ment they need to defend our Nation and protect its interests. 
I commend Chairman M
CCAIN and 
Ranking Member R EEDfor their leader-
ship on the Senate Armed Services Committee in creating and shepherding this vital legislation through this chamber. The outstanding and bipar-tisan efforts of committee members will allow the defense authorization bill to become law for the 54th consecu-tive year. 
I am proud to serve alongside Chair-
man W
ICKER as ranking member of the 
Seapower Subcommittee and want to thank him for leading the sub-committee which helps ensure that our Navy and Marine Corps forces are trained and equipped to conduct the vital missions they are tasked to com-plete. A strong and prepared Navy and Marines is absolutely essential to our national security strategies in the Asia-Pacific region, and this bill sup-ports those efforts. 
This NDAA includes a number of pro-
visions that reaffirm the importance of the rebalance to the Asia-Pacific; sup-port the men and women who serve in our military and the Hawaii National Guard; invest in Hawaii’s military bases, schools, and facilities and those that assess the ballistic missile capa-bilities of rouge nations and the cur-rent capacity to defend Hawaii against missile threats. 
Our support of the rebalance to the 
Asia-Pacific is critical. Maintenance of stability in this region cannot be un-derestimated. Continued engagement and partnership with our friends and allies in the region is invaluable. By extending the State Partnership Pro-gram, we not only hone the capabilities and readiness of our National Guard, but we gain the dual benefit of enhanc-ing our partnerships and the capacity of regional neighbors. 
However, I do have some concerns 
with the final bill that I intend to work on going forward. 
While my colleagues and I continue 
to work to reduce redundancy and in-crease efficiencies with in our military, I would have serious concerns if across- the-board reductions to headquarters 
operations were made by the Depart-ment of Defense implementing this bill. In talking with military com-manders, I know that cuts at command headquarters to include U.S. Pacific Command, U.S. Pacific Fleet, U.S. Ma-rine Corps Forces, Pacific, U.S. Army Pacific and Pacific Air Forces, which are all based in Hawaii, would impact our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and ma-rines. 
We need to ensure that any reduc-
tions are carefully thought out and take into account the assigned mis-sions and right sizing of headquarters to adequately support the demands we place on our operational forces. I will closely monitor the Pentagon’s imple-mentation of these provisions going forward. 
In addition, I want to ensure that the 
men and women of the Department who travel for extended periods of time on official business are reimbursed for food and lodging at appropriate levels. Last year the Department changed how these workers are reimbursed, and the bill passed today directs the Govern-ment Accountability Office, GAO, to review the issue and report back to Congress. I will be tracking the GAO report on this important issue, as well as the Department’s implementation of their extended Temporary Travel Duty, TDY, policy. 
While the passage of this legislation 
is critical, it still contains misguided provisions I have long disagreed with and that negatively affect our security, as well as the men and women who de-fend this Nation. An area I strongly disagree with is in regard to the re-strictions on transferring prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. These harm our security interests and continue to undermine our leadership on human rights. We need to work towards a solu-tion to close this facility. 
Despite these concerns, this legisla-
tion is a product of a sincere bipartisan and bicameral effort to provide the men and women of our military the tools and resources it needs to defend our great Nation. 
f 
OBSERVING VETERANS DAY 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
commemorate Veterans Day and to thank all those who have served our country for their extraordinary brav-ery and sacrifice. 
As many of my colleagues know, 
President Woodrow Wilson first estab-lished this holiday—originally known as Armistice Day—on November 11, 1919, to honor the brave Americans who fought and died in World War I. After the end of World War II, Armistice Day was expanded to honor all veterans of our military services, and the holiday’s name was changed to Veterans Day. 
My home State of Maryland has a 
long and proud military tradition dat-ing to the first militiamen who set foot in the Maryland Colony in 1634; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.044 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7909 November 10, 2015 
War of 1812, where our soldiers fa-
mously held Fort McHenry and our na-tional anthem, the ‘‘Star-Spangled Banner,’’ was penned; through both world wars; Korea; Vietnam; the Per-sian Gulf war; and our most recent con-flicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. Mary-land’s veterans and troops represent the best of our State and our Nation. 
Earlier this year, I had an oppor-
tunity to help present a Congressional Gold Medal to former Tuskegee Air-man William A. Colbert, Jr., a lifelong Marylander. Mr. Colbert enlisted in the Army Air Force in 1943 and achieved the rank of flight officer at the Tuskegee Army Air Field. While Mr. Colbert never saw combat, he learned to fly with the best and became a full- fledged Red Tail. And as part of the first all-Black combat unit in the U.S. Armed Forces, Mr. Colbert and his fel-low servicemen broke through racial barriers without any expectation of fame or fanfare. Their distinguished service and enduring courage played a critical role in the later desegregation of our Nation’s military. Mr. Colbert always considered his contribution to the Tuskegee Airmen and his service to our country simply as what he was called to do as a citizen. Mr. Colbert passed away in early June but not be-
fore we were finally able to thank him for his extraordinary service to our Na-tion. 
While we were able to honor Mr. 
Colbert, there are thousands of other veterans who remain nameless. That is why on August 5, 2015, I introduced the Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2015, S. 1982, along with the senior Senator from Ar-kansas, Mr. B
OOZMAN . Our legislation 
authorizes the addition of a Wall of Re-membrance to the existing Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC. The Wall of Remembrance would list the names of members of the Armed Forces of the United States who died in theater in the Korean war, as well as the number of servicemembers who were wounded in action, are listed as missing in action, or who were pris-oners of war during the Korean war. Authorizing a wall of remembrance here in the United States is just one way we can help ensure that those who gave the ultimate sacrifice while serv-ing our country in the ‘‘forgotten war’’ are no longer forgotten. 
As America celebrates Veterans Day, 
we stand united in honoring the acts of selfless service from our Nation’s vet-erans. Our veterans and military men and women and their families need to know that we remember them not just on Veterans Day but every single day of the year. Our veterans have pro-tected our country and defended our values. These Americans are the brav-est among us, and we applaud the innu-merable sacrifices that they and their loved ones have made for this great country. As we celebrate Veterans Day, our thoughts and prayers are also with ‘‘veterans to be’’—the men and women who are currently serving our country, especially those in harm’s way. ANNIVERSARY OF THE DEATH OF 
KEN SARO-WIWA 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
today marks a dark milestone on the long road to environmental justice. Twenty years ago, Nigerian environ-mental and human rights activist Ken Saro-Wiwa was hanged, along with eight fellow defendants, following an 
internationally denounced military tri-bunal. 
Saro-Wiwa was a well-known author 
and television producer in his native Nigeria before he chose to devote him-self full time to the causes of the Ogoni, a minority ethnic group of about 500,000 farmers and fishermen who hail from the Niger Delta. As president of the Movement for the Sur-vival of Ogoni People—MOSOP—he fought against the exploitation of Ogoni lands and the Ogoni people themselves by the oil drilling oper-ations of Royal Dutch Shell. 
As the oil industry grew to represent 
the main source of revenue for the Ni-gerian Government, the delta land-scape was ravaged by oil spills and acid rain. Fertile farmland turned to oil- soaked wasteland. The region’s fish and wildlife were wiped out—along with the livelihood of the Ogoni. Out of the en-tire 5,000-person workforce employed by Shell in Nigeria, less than 100 were Ogoni. 
Under Ken Saro-Wiwa’s leadership, 
MOSOP organized hundreds of thou-sands of Ogoni to demand environ-mental remediation, compensation for past damages, and a share in oil reve-nues. The regime of dictator General Sani Abacha responded with a brutal campaign of occupation, mass arrest, rape, execution, and the burning of Ogoni villages. In May 1994, Saro-Wiwa was abducted from his home and brought up on charges in connection with the murder of four Ogoni leaders. He was tried and convicted by a mili-tary tribunal that governments and human rights organizations worldwide condemned as fraudulent. 
On November 10, 1995, Ken Saro-Wiwa 
was put to death. 
‘‘The only crime he and his col-
leagues had committed,’’ reads Saro- Wiwa’s citation for the prestigious Godman Environmental Prize, ‘‘was to demand sound environmental practices and to ask for compensation for the devastation of Ogoni territories.’’ 
A human rights lawsuit brought by 
Saro-Wiwa’s son and other victims’ families in U.S. Federal court alleged that Shell bribed at least two witnesses in the 1995 tribunal and that Shell’s manager in Nigeria offered Saro- Wiwa’s brother, another jailed activist, release from captivity in exchange for abandoning the movement. That suit was settled by Shell for $15.5 million, just days before going to trial in 2009, following a protracted legal battle. 
The Ogoni cause has been taken up 
by other Ogoni, both within Nigeria and living in exile, including Saro- Wiwa’s sons. The struggle and death of Ken Saro-Wiwa serve as a lasting inspi-ration to people of all nations who seek 
relief from corporate abuse, govern-ment corruption, and environmental ruin. We will remember his noble fight for the basic right of a people to live in harmony with the Earth. 
f 
NATIONAL DISABILITY 
EMPLOYMENT AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, for Na-
tional Disability Employment Aware-ness Month last month, I congratulate and honor the Palmetto Goodwill in North Charleston, SC, for their out-standing commitment to service and work with the AbilityOne Program. 
In 1974, a small group of citizens in 
the Charleston area wanted to address the lack of opportunity for persons with disabilities. The Palmetto Good-will of South Carolina has answered the call of service by becoming a part of the United States AbilityOne Com-mission network with their Champions Program. 
The Palmetto Goodwill has success-
fully implemented the Champions Pro-gram which aims to empower citizens of South Carolina that are blind or pos-sessing a disability. Through providing employment opportunities, the Pal-metto Goodwill is making strides to continue the mission of National Dis-ability Employment Awareness Month throughout the year. Currently 85 per-cent of their employed staff is persons with a disability. I applaud the stellar work of the Champions Program and therefore recognize the Palmetto Good-will. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MELISSA 
KALTENBACH 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
wish to honor the service and retire-ment of one of my dear friends and most respected employees, Melissa Kaltenbach. Melissa has served me and the people of Michigan with infinite loyalty and dedication for the past 27 years. 
Melissa began working for me in the 
Michigan House of Representatives and continued her service with me in the State Senate, U.S. House, and now in the U.S. Senate as my director of con-stituent services. 
In so many ways, Melissa’s job is one 
of if not the most important jobs on my staff. That is because her work im-pacts people where it matters most—in their daily lives. Her compassion to-ward the people of Michigan and under-
standing of the problems they face has been instrumental in setting the high standards for constituent services in my office and throughout the State of Michigan. 
She has a unique ability to listen and 
understand the needs of people, and she demonstrates grace and respect for the dignity of others, even in the most stressful times and most difficult cir-cumstances. She has gone above and beyond in so many ways—incredible empathy, unwavering loyalty, and infi-nite patience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.023 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7910 November 10, 2015 
There really aren’t enough words to 
describe Melissa’s contributions to my office and to my success in serving the people of Michigan over these many years. She has been the go-to person on my team to mentor new staff, handle challenging cases, and answer those questions that don’t seem to fall into anyone else’s job description. 
We all wish Melissa continued suc-
cess and happiness with her family as she begins this new chapter in her life, joining her husband, Tim, in full-time retirement. 
Her friendship and commitment to 
me and to the people of Michigan have been immeasurable, as is my gratitude for her decades of service. While my staff and I will miss her presence in our office, she will forever be an invaluable member and leader of ‘‘Team Stabe-now.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING HACKETT MAYOR 
JEFF T. HARPER 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the life and legacy of the mayor of Hackett, AR, Jeff Harper, who passed away on Thursday, Novem-ber 5, 2015. 
Affectionately known as Papa Bear 
to many, Mayor Harper dedicated his life to serving the citizens of Hackett. Mayor Harper worked for the street de-partment and served as a firefighter for a decade, eventually becoming the fire chief of Hackett. His commitment to the city of Hackett led him to run for mayor. He was elected in 2014 and served Hackett honorably the entirety of his all too short time in office. 
I am greatly appreciative for Mayor 
Harper’s noble service to the city of Hackett and the State of Arkansas. My prayers are with his wife Trini, his three children, and all those who are mourning him during this trying time. I hope they find comfort knowing that he made a positive impact on his com-munity. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY ZIMMER 
∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the voice of CU Buffalo foot-ball, Mr. Larry Zimmer, who will be calling his last game and celebrating his 80th birthday on November 13. 
Mr. Zimmer joined the University of 
Colorado broadcasting team in 1971. He has since led a career filled with many awards and distinctions, which high-light his dedication to CU sports. He is a five-time winner of the Colorado Sportscaster of the Year award and re-cipient of the esteemed Chris Schenkel Award, given to those who dedicate their talents to college football. Even more important than these awards, however, is the respect and admiration he has earned from the students and faculty at the University of Colorado and all those who tune in to Buffalo football. Over his long and distinguished ca-
reer, he has truly become a hallmark of CU football games. I thank him for his many years of excellent broadcasting and wish him a very happy birthday. ∑ 
f 
WELCOMING RITCHIE COUNTY 
VETERANS TO THE NATION’S CAPITAL 
∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize with, overwhelming pride, a group of courageous veterans from Ritchie County, WV, who are visiting our Nation’s Capital this Thursday. On behalf of our State and Nation, it is a true honor and privilege to recognize these heroic men and women and their families for their brave service and sac-rifice as they tour the memorials built in their honor. 
I have always said that West Virginia 
is one of the most patriotic States in this great Nation, and we are so proud of the number of veterans and Active- Duty members who have served our country with honor and distinction. The 20 veterans and their family mem-bers who are traveling to Washington, DC, embody our State’s history and contributions to the freedom of this Nation. They may represent different generations of warriors, but no matter the war or the era, no matter the rank, each and every one of them coura-geously answered the call of duty to defend our Nation and protect the free-doms we enjoy as Americans. In our time of need, they stepped forward and said, ‘‘I’ll do it—I’ll protect this coun-try.’’ 
This trip will be a truly moving and 
special experience for these veterans, many of whom have never been to the memorials that were built for their service. It will include wreath-laying ceremonies at the monuments that commemorate the wars in which many have served, including the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, Korean War Vet-erans Memorial, and the National World War II Memorial. They will also be touring Arlington National Ceme-tery and have private time for a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
Mr. President, it is also tremen-
dously important to recognize that this visit would not have been possible without the hard work and determina-tion of an inspirational young Ritchie County native, Kirsten Seese. Kirsten is a Ritchie County High School senior who aspires to be a nurse one day. She was inspired to coordinate this trip as her prenursing senior project after hearing about a group of veterans that had recently traveled to Washington, DC, to visit the memorials sponsored by their community. 
Kirsten wasted no time. She went to 
businesses in Ritchie County with the goal of organizing a 100 percent free veterans appreciation tour. In just 3 weeks, Kirsten raised enough money for 20 veterans, their family members, and local volunteers to visit to Wash-ington, DC, absolutely free. They will not have to pay for any meals or re-
freshments and will receive a com-memorative shirt and a hat. The fund-ing will also go towards the wreaths for the ceremonies that will be held at each memorial and a group photo at the Capitol to commemorate their spe-cial day. 
I am so proud of Kirsten. She has 
truly set an extraordinary example for her generation by giving back to those who have served this country and those who have protected our freedoms. It is the devotion and drive of young people like Kirsten that bring our commu-nities together. I wish her the best of luck in her future endeavors, and I commend her for making an enormous impact on the lives of our veterans through this veterans appreciation tour. 
Mr. President, I am filled with pride 
every time I meet the patriots who have served our country, and I am so pleased to welcome West Virginia’s most courageous veterans who are all heroes to Washington, DC. I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in sa-luting them. They truly inspire us all as we are reminded of their selfless service. It is because of their bravery that all Americans enjoy the greatest liberties and freedoms in the world. We whole heartedly thank them. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDGE GEORGE 
HEALY 
∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
wish to pay tribute to a Rhode Islander whom I have known and admired for nearly 30 years: George Healy, chief judge of our State’s Workers’ Com-pensation Court, who retired in July after 24 years on the bench. A number of George’s colleagues will be gath-ering on November 19 to honor his years of service, and it is indeed my honor to say a few words about him today. 
I first came to know George Healy 
amidst a genuine crisis in Rhode Is-land: the near-collapse of our State’s workers’ compensation system in 1991. Here is how a 1991 report by the Rhode Island Department of Economic Devel-opment summed up the situation. 
The financial burden borne by employers 
had simply become too great. Insurers had begun to exit the Rhode Island marketplace. And, most importantly, the financial protec-tion required for our state’s injured workers was being placed in jeopardy. 
Indeed, when compared with our New 
England neighbors, our average claim costs were through the roof. In 1990, the average claim in Rhode Island was $12,638, more than three times higher than the average claim in Vermont and significantly higher than Massachu-setts, Connecticut, and New Hamp-shire, which collectively had average claim costs in the range of $6,000 to $7,000. This was simply unsustainable. 
Enter George Healy who until that 
time had been a civil litigator and workers’ compensation practitioner. Our Governor at the time, Bruce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.034 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7911 November 10, 2015 
Sundlun, appointed George and a hand-
ful of other stakeholders to a task force that was given a bold directive: Reduce the cost of the system without reducing benefits. As Governor Sundlun’s legal counsel at the time, I had the honor of leading the task force, but I relied greatly on George for his expertise on the system. Working to-gether with our colleagues, we were able to develop a plan that protected workers, reduced costs, eliminated pending rate increases, stabilized the workers’ compensation market, elimi-nated fraud, and prevented a collapse of the system. 
One of the hallmarks of the reform 
was the creation of the Workers’ Com-pensation Court, which hears and de-cides all disputes involving an injured employee and an employer relating to workers’ compensation benefits. Gov-ernor Sundlun appointed George to be among the inaugural class of the court’s judges after its creation in 1991. George was then appointed chief judge by Governor Don Carcieri in 2004. 
Now, as George Healy looks back on 
his career, I hope he will rule it a suc-cess. I certainly do. The reforms he helped lead reduced average claim costs in Rhode Island from $12,638 in 1991 to just $5,179 in 2007. The reduction came about not from benefit cuts but from system reforms, quick court ac-tion, injury prevention, and getting people quickly back to work. A 2009 re-port by the International Workers’ Compensation Foundation put it this way: ‘‘When both claim frequency and severity are considered (taking into ac-count all employees, whether or not in-jured) . . . Rhode Island stands out as the state with the lowest average med-ical cost per employee per year in the entire country.’’ Because of George’s work, Rhode Island is now a model sys-tem for the rest of the country. 
In short, thanks in large part to 
George’s hard work and his years of service on the bench, Rhode Island workers can rest assured that, if they get hurt on the job, their State’s insur-ance program will be there for them. That is a proud and meaningful legacy to leave behind. In addition to all of George’s accomplishments on the bench, I will always remember him for his humility, gentle demeanor, and re-spect toward those who appeared before him. I will also be grateful for his friendship through the years, and I hope George enjoys many peaceful years of retirement, knowing that his efforts have improved the lives of countless others. I wish him the best as he enjoys much deserved family time with his lovely wife Ruth, his son Tim and his wife Jewel, his son Paul and his wife Meghan, and George’s three grand-children, Quinn, Jack, and Charlotte. Godspeed, my friend. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:52 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes, further, that the House insists upon its amendment to the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints the following Members as managers of the conference on the part of the House: 
From the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure, for consider-ation of the House amendment and the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. S
HU-
STER , DUNCAN of Tennessee, G RAVES of 
Missouri, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Messrs. C RAWFORD , B ARLETTA , 
FARENTHOLD , GIBBS, DENHAM , RIBBLE , 
PERRY , W OODALL , K ATKO , B ABIN, 
HARDY , GRAVES of Louisiana, D EFAZIO, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Messrs. C UMMINGS , LARSEN of 
Washington, C APUANO , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Messrs. L IPINSKI , C OHEN , and 
SIRES. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3480. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acetamiprid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9936–12) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3481. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3482. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Ef-ficiency Standards for New Federal Commer-
cial and Multi-Family High-Rise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Standards Update’’ ((RIN1904–AD39) (Docket No. EERE–2014–BT– STD–0047)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3483. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Energy, transmitting proposed leg-islation; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3484. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Missouri; Control of Petroleum Liquid Storage, Loading and Transfer’’ (FRL No. 9936–72–Region 7) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3485. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; North Carolina Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2008 8-hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9936–60–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3486. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Major Source Permitting State Implementation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9936–45–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3487. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Revised Format for Materials Being Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9933–71–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3488. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Test Meth-ods; Error Correction’’ (FRL No. 9936–54–Re-gion 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3489. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; TN; Knox County Emissions Statements’’ (FRL No. 9936–57–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3490. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; TN; Reasonably Available Control Measures and Redesigna-tion for the TN Portion of the Chattanooga 1997 Annual PM2.5 Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9936–55–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.022 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7912 November 10, 2015 
EC–3491. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Place County Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9935–65–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3492. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a notification of the Presi-dent’s intent to enter into a free trade agree-ment, known as the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship (TPP) Agreement; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3493. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the notification of the Presi-dent’s intent to suspend the application of duty-free treatment to all African Growth and Opportunity-eligible goods in the agri-cultural sector for the Republic of South Af-rica; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3494. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘General Allocation and Accounting Regulations Under Section 141; Remedial Actions for Tax-Exempt Bonds’’ ((RIN1545–BB23; RIN1545–BC07; and RIN1545–BH48) (TD 9741)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 6, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3495. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Preparer Tax Iden-tification Number (PTIN) User Fee Update’’ ((RIN1545–BN03) (TD 9742)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 6, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3496. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Unpaid Losses Dis-count Factors and Payment Patterns for 2015’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–52) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 6, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3497. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Salvage Discount Factors and Payment Patterns for 2015’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–54) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 6, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3498. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–171, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 and Fis-cal Year 2016 Revised Budget Request Ad-justment Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3499. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–172, ‘‘Higher Education Licen-sure Commission Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3500. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–173, ‘‘Sexual Assault Victim Rights Task Force Report Extension Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
mental Affairs. 
EC–3501. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–174, ‘‘Rent Control Hardship Petition Limitation Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3502. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–175, ‘‘ABLE Program Trust Establishment Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3503. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–192, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 369, S.O. 13–07989, Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3504. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–193, ‘‘Testing Integrity 
Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3505. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–194, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 197, S.O., 15–23895, Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3506. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–195, ‘‘James Bunn Way Des-ignation Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3507. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revitaliza-tion of the AM Radio Service’’ ((FCC 15–142) (MB Docket No. 13–249)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 4, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3508. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expanding the Economic and Innovation Opportunities of Spectrum Through Incentive Auctions; Channel Sharing by Full Power and Class A Stations Outside the Broadcast Television Spectrum Incentive Auction Context’’ ((FCC 15–139) (GN Docket No. 12–268 and MB Docket No. 15–137)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3509. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Bureau of Transportation Statistics, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Two Dec-ades of Change in Transportation: Reflec-tions from Transportation Statistics Annual Reports, 1994–2014’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Report to accompany S. 1334, a bill to 
strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–166). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: 
S. Res. 302. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in condemnation of Palestinian terror at-tacks. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
NELSON ): 
S. 2262. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to cover screening com-puted tomography colonography as a colorectal cancer screening test under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 2263. A bill to encourage effective, vol-
untary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to private sector employers recognizing such investments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BENNET: 
S. 2264. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to strengthen the child tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ): 
S. 2265. A bill to improve the provision of 
health care by the Department of Veterans Affairs to veterans in rural and highly rural areas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
D
URBIN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 2266. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to reform and reduce fraud and abuse in certain visa programs for aliens working temporarily in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. 
FRANKEN ): 
S. 2267. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to improve the financial aid process for homeless children and youths and foster care children and youth; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 2268. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary her-oism and life-saving actions in Vietnam; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 2269. A bill to establish the Government 
Transformation Board to make certain rec-ommendations to improve the economy of the United States and the efficiency and ef-fectiveness of Federal programs; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
C
OONS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. 
WARREN , and Mr. D URBIN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.014 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7913 November 10, 2015 
S. 2270. A bill to address voluntary location 
tracking of electronic communications de-vices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 2271. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the production of renewable chemicals and in-vestments in renewable chemical production facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, 
Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2272. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 regarding proprietary in-stitutions of higher education in order to protect students and taxpayers; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BOOKER: 
S. 2273. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Small Business Administration to es-tablish an incubator and accelerator grant program for veterans and members of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. 
C
ANTWELL , Mr. U DALL , Mr. F RANKEN , 
and Mr. D AINES ): 
S. 2274. A bill to provide for rental assist-
ance for homeless or at-risk Indian veterans; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
C
OATS , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 2275. A bill to provide for automatic ac-
quisition of United States citizenship for cer-tain internationally adopted individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. 2276. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 2277. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit for vet-eran first-time homebuyers and for adaptive housing and mobility improvements for dis-abled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHATZ: 
S. 2278. A bill to promote the availability 
of additional unlicensed spectrum for inno-vation and investment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. 
R
OUNDS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W YDEN , 
and Mr. T ESTER ): 
S. 2279. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the Department of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing separation from the Armed Forces, to create uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. 
LEAHY ): 
S. 2280. A bill to promote pro bono legal 
services as a critical way in which to em-power survivors of domestic violence; consid-ered and passed. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. 
B
ARRASSO ): 
S. 2281. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to reissue final rules relating to list-ing of the gray wolf in the Western Great Lakes and Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. E RNST , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
COATS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. S ASSE, 
Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. E NZI, Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. Res. 312. A resolution designating the 
week beginning November 8, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Pregnancy Center Week’’ to recognize the vital role that community-supported pregnancy centers (also known as pregnancy care and pregnancy resource centers) play in saving lives and serving women and men faced with difficult pregnancy decisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
122, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and af-fordable drugs from approved phar-macies in Canada. 
S. 210 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 210, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or cer-tification required by reason of a per-manent change in the duty station of such member to another State. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 417 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 417, a bill to encourage spectrum licensees to make unused spectrum available for use by rural and smaller carriers in order to expand wireless coverage. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic fos-ter care services in Medicaid. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 553, a bill to marshal re-sources to undertake a concerted, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 602 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
602, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to consider certain time spent by members of reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces while re-ceiving medical care from the Sec-retary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 640 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 640, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the review and revi-sion of the national ambient air qual-ity standards for ozone. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 885 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
885, a bill to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.021 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7914 November 10, 2015 
United States Code, to repeal the re-
quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1133 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1133, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to ar-bitration. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1539, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1559, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1608 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1608, a bill to protect the safety of the national airspace system from the hazardous operation of consumer drones, and for other purposes. 
S. 1742 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1742, a bill to improve the provision of postal services to rural areas of the United States. 
S. 1816 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1816, a bill to provide re-lief to community banks, to promote access to capital for community banks, and for other purposes. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other purposes. S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1886 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1886, a bill to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1893, a bill to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use disorders. 
S. 1915 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1915, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1916 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1916, a bill to include skilled nursing facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934. 
S. 2021 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2021, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for em-ployment disclose criminal history record information before the appli-cant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2042, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act to strength-en protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2103 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2103, a bill to modify a provision relat-ing to adjustments of certain State ap-portionments for Federal highway pro-grams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2123, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional insti-tutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to participant votes on the suspension of benefits under multiemployer plans in critical and declining status. 
S. 2151 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2151, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide liability protections for volunteer practitioners at health centers under section 330 of such Act. 
S. 2170 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat vet-erans through the use of telemedicine, and for other purposes. 
S. 2220 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2220, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to provide for a special enrollment period for pregnant women, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2225 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Texas 
(Mr. C ORNYN ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 2225, a bill to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to establish an H–2B temporary non-agricultural work visa program and for other pur-poses. 
S. RES. 299 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 299, a resolution honoring the life, legacy, and example of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on the twentieth anniversary of his death. 
S. RES. 302 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from 
Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin (Mr. J OHNSON ), the 
Senator from Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ), 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. 
WICKER ), the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. H EINRICH ), the Senator from Ten-
nessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ) and the Sen-
ator from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 302, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in con-demnation of Palestinian terror at-tacks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.017 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7915 November 10, 2015 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 302, supra. 
At the request of Mr. B
ROWN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 302, supra. 
S. RES. 310 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 310, a resolution condemning the ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and urging the prosecution of the perpetrators and those complicit in these crimes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2770 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2770 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2029, a bill making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2788 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2788 proposed to H.R. 2029, a bill making appropriations for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and 
Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S. 2268. A bill to award a Congres-
sional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary heroism and life- saving actions in Vietnam; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2268 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dust Off 
Crews of the Vietnam War Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) a United States Army Dust Off crew-
man is a helicopter crew member who served honorably in the Vietnam War aboard a heli-copter air ambulance under the radio call sign ‘‘Dust Off’’; 
(2) Dust Off crews performed aeromedical 
evacuation for United States, Vietnamese, and allied forces inside South Vietnam from May 1962 through March 1973. (3) nearing the end of World War II, the 
United States Army began using helicopters for medical evacuation and years later, dur-ing the Korean War, these helicopter air am-bulances were responsible for transporting 17,700 United States casualties; 
(4) during the Vietnam War, with the use 
of helicopter air ambulances, United States Army Dust Off crews pioneered the concept of dedicated and rapid medical evacuation and rescued almost 900,000 United States, South Vietnamese, and other allied sick and wounded, as well as wounded enemy forces; 
(5) helicopters proved to be a revolutionary 
tool to assist those injured on the battle-field; 
(6) highly skilled and intrepid, Dust Off 
crews were able to operate the helicopters and land them on almost any terrain in near-ly any weather to pick up wounded, after which the Dust Off crews could provide care 
to these patients while transporting them to ready medical facilities; 
(7) the vital work of the Dust Off crews re-
quired consistent combat exposure and often proved to be the difference between life and death for wounded personnel; 
(8) the revolutionary concept of a dedi-
cated combat life-saving system was cul-tivated and refined by United States Army Dust Off crews during 11 years of intense conflict in and above the jungles of South Vietnam; 
(9) innovative and resourceful Dust Off 
crews in Vietnam were responsible for taking the new concept of helicopter medical evacu-ation, born just a few years earlier, and revo-lutionizing it to meet and surpass the pre-viously unattainable goal of delivering a bat-tlefield casualty to an operating table within the vaunted ‘‘golden hour’’; 
(10) some Dust Off units in Vietnam oper-
ated so efficiently that they were able to de-liver a patient to a waiting medical facility on an average of 33 minutes from the receipt of the mission, which saved the lives of countless personnel in Vietnam, and this leg-acy continues for modern-day Dust Off crews; 
(11) the inherent danger of being a member 
of a Dust Off crew in Vietnam meant that there was a 1 in 3 chance of being wounded or killed; 
(12) many battles during the Vietnam War 
raged at night, and members of the Dust Off crews often found themselves searching for a landing zone in complete darkness, in bad weather, over mountainous terrain, and all while being the target of intense enemy fire as they attempted to rescue the wounded, which caused Dust Off crews to suffer a rate of aircraft loss that was more than 3 times that of all other types of combat helicopter missions in Vietnam; 
(13) the 54th Medical Detachment typified 
the constant heroism displayed by Dust Off crews in Vietnam, over the span of a 10- month tour, with only 3 flyable helicopters and 40 soldiers in the unit, evacuating 21,435 patients in 8,644 missions while being air-borne for 4,832 hours; 
(14) collectively, the members of the 54th 
Medical Detachment earned 78 awards for valor, including 1 Medal of Honor, 1 Distin-guished Service Cross, 14 Silver Star Medals, 26 Distinguished Flying Crosses, 2 Bronze Star Medals for valor, 4 Air Medals for valor, 4 Soldier’s Medals, and 26 Purple Heart Med-als; 
(15) the 54th Medical Detachment displayed 
heroism on a daily basis and set the standard for all Dust Off crews in Vietnam; 
(16) 5 members of the 54th Medical Detach-
ment are in the Dust Off Hall of Fame, 3 are in the Army Aviation Hall of Fame, and 1 is the only United States Army aviator in the National Aviation Hall of Fame; (17) Dust Off crew members are among the 
most highly decorated soldiers in American military history; 
(18) in early 1964, Major Charles L. Kelly 
was the Commanding Officer of the 57th Med-ical Detachment (Helicopter Ambulance), Provisional, in Soc Trang, South Vietnam; 
(19) Major Kelly helped to forge the Dust 
Off call-sign into history as one of the most welcomed phrases to be heard over the radio by wounded soldiers in perilous and dire situ-ations; 
(20) in 1964, Major Kelly was killed in ac-
tion as he gallantly maneuvered his aircraft to save a wounded American soldier and sev-eral Vietnamese soldiers and boldly replied, after being warned to stay away from the 
landing zone due to the ferocity of enemy fire, ‘‘When I have your wounded.’’; 
(21) General William Westmoreland, Com-
mander, Military Assistance Command, Vietnam (1964–1968), singled out Major Kelly as an example of ‘‘the greatness of the human spirit’’ and highlighted his famous reply as an inspiration to all in combat; 
(22) General Creighton Abrams, Westmore-
land’s successor (1968–1972), and former Chief of Staff of the United States Army, high-lighted the heroism of Dust Off crews, ‘‘A special word about the Dust Offs . . . Courage above and beyond the call of duty was sort of routine to them. It was a daily thing, part of the way they lived. That’s the great part, and it meant so much to every last man who served there. Whether he ever got hurt or not, he knew Dust Off was there.’’; 
(23) Dust Off crews possessed unique skills 
and traits that made them highly successful in aeromedical evacuation in Vietnam, in-cluding indomitable courage, extraordinary aviation skill and sound judgment under fire, high-level medical expertise, and an un-equaled dedication to the preservation of human life; 
(24) members of the United States Armed 
Forces on the ground in Vietnam had their confidence and battlefield prowess reinforced knowing that there were heroic Dust Off crews just a few minutes from the fight, which was instrumental to their well-being, willingness to fight, and morale; 
(25) military families in the United States 
knew that their loved ones would receive the quickest and best possible care in the event of a war-time injury, thanks to the Dust Off crews; 
(26) the willingness of Dust Off crews to 
also risk their lives to save helpless civilians left an immeasurably positive impression on the people of Vietnam and exemplified the finest American ideals of compassion and hu-manity; and 
(27) Dust Off crews from the Vietnam War 
hailed from every State in the United States and represented numerous ethnic, religious, and cultural backgrounds. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) P RESENTATION AUTHORIZED .—The 
Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of Congress, of a sin-gle gold medal of appropriate design in honor of the Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their heroic military service, which saved countless lives and contributed directly to the defense of our country. 
(b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the pur-
poses of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense. 
(c) S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Following the award of 
the gold medal in honor of the Dust Off 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.019 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7916 November 10, 2015 
Crews of the Vietnam War, the gold medal 
shall be given to the Smithsonian Institu-tion, where it will be available for display as appropriate and available for research. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should also make the gold medal awarded pursuant to this Act available for display elsewhere, particularly at appropriate loca-tions associated with the Vietnam War, and that preference should be given to locations affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution. 
SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
The Secretary may strike and sell dupli-
cates in bronze of the gold medal struck pur-suant to section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, at a price suffi-cient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. 
SEC. 5. NATIONAL MEDALS. 
The medal struck pursuant to this Act is a 
national medal for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
REED, Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2272. A bill to amend the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 regarding propri-etary institutions of higher education in order to protect students and tax-payers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2272 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Our Students and Taxpayers Act of 2015’’ or ‘‘POST Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. 85/15 RULE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b) of the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) meets the requirements of paragraph 
(2).’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) R
EVENUE SOURCES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In order to qualify as a 
proprietary institution of higher education under this subsection, an institution shall derive not less than 15 percent of the institu-tion’s revenues from sources other than Fed-eral funds, as calculated in accordance with subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—In this paragraph, 
the term ‘Federal funds’ means any Federal financial assistance provided, under this Act or any other Federal law, through a grant, contract, subsidy, loan, guarantee, insur-ance, or other means to a proprietary insti-tution, including Federal financial assist-ance that is disbursed or delivered to an in-stitution or on behalf of a student or to a student to be used to attend the institution, except that such term shall not include any monthly housing stipend provided under the 
Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Program under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code. 
‘‘(C) I
MPLEMENTATION OF NON -FEDERAL REV -
ENUE REQUIREMENT .—In making calculations 
under subparagraph (A), an institution of higher education shall— 
‘‘(i) use the cash basis of accounting; ‘‘(ii) consider as revenue only those funds 
generated by the institution from— 
‘‘(I) tuition, fees, and other institutional 
charges for students enrolled in programs el-igible for assistance under title IV; 
‘‘(II) activities conducted by the institu-
tion that are necessary for the education and training of the institution’s students, if such activities are— 
‘‘(aa) conducted on campus or at a facility 
under the control of the institution; 
‘‘(bb) performed under the supervision of a 
member of the institution’s faculty; and 
‘‘(cc) required to be performed by all stu-
dents in a specific educational program at the institution; and 
‘‘(III) a contractual arrangement with a 
Federal agency for the purpose of providing job training to low-income individuals who are in need of such training; 
‘‘(iii) presume that any Federal funds that 
are disbursed or delivered to an institution on behalf of a student or directly to a stu-dent will be used to pay the student’s tui-tion, fees, or other institutional charges, re-gardless of whether the institution credits such funds to the student’s account or pays such funds directly to the student, except to the extent that the student’s tuition, fees, or other institutional charges are satisfied by— 
‘‘(I) grant funds provided by an outside 
source that— 
‘‘(aa) has no affiliation with the institu-
tion; and 
‘‘(bb) shares no employees with the institu-
tion; and 
‘‘(II) institutional scholarships described 
in clause (v); 
‘‘(iv) include no loans made by an institu-
tion of higher education as revenue to the school, except for payments made by stu-dents on such loans; 
‘‘(v) include a scholarship provided by the 
institution— 
‘‘(I) only if the scholarship is in the form of 
monetary aid based upon the academic achievements or financial need of students, disbursed to qualified student recipients dur-ing each fiscal year from an established re-stricted account; and 
‘‘(II) only to the extent that funds in that 
account represent designated funds, or in-
come earned on such funds, from an outside source that— 
‘‘(aa) has no affiliation with the institu-
tion; and 
‘‘(bb) shares no employees with the institu-
tion; and 
‘‘(vi) exclude from revenues— ‘‘(I) the amount of funds the institution re-
ceived under part C of title IV, unless the in-stitution used those funds to pay a student’s institutional charges; 
‘‘(II) the amount of funds the institution 
received under subpart 4 of part A of title IV; 
‘‘(III) the amount of funds provided by the 
institution as matching funds for any Fed-eral program; 
‘‘(IV) the amount of Federal funds provided 
to the institution to pay institutional charges for a student that were refunded or returned; and 
‘‘(V) the amount charged for books, sup-
plies, and equipment, unless the institution includes that amount as tuition, fees, or other institutional charges. 
‘‘(D) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
July 1, 2016, and by July 1 of each succeeding year, the Secretary shall submit to the au-thorizing committees a report that contains, 
for each proprietary institution of higher education that receives assistance under title IV and as provided in the audited finan-cial statements submitted to the Secretary by each institution pursuant to the require-ments of section 487(c)— 
‘‘(i) the amount and percentage of such in-
stitution’s revenues received from Federal funds; and 
‘‘(ii) the amount and percentage of such in-
stitution’s revenues received from other sources.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (24); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (25) 
through (29) as paragraphs (24) through (28), respectively; 
(C) in paragraph (24)(A)(ii) (as redesignated 
by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (26) (as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (d); (3) by redesignating subsections (e) 
through (j) as subsections (d) through (i), re-spectively; 
(4) in subsection (f)(1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’; and 
(5) in subsection (g)(1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(27)’’ in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(26)’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 152 (20 U.S.C. 1019a)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking 
‘‘subsections (a)(27) and (h) of section 487’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(26) and (g) of section 487’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1)(B)(i)(I), by striking 
‘‘section 487(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(d)’’; 
(2) in section 153(c)(3) (20 U.S.C. 1019b(c)(3)), 
by striking ‘‘section 487(a)(25)’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘section 487(a)(24)’’; 
(3) in section 496(c)(3)(A) (20 U.S.C. 
1099b(c)(3)(A)), by striking ‘‘section 487(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(e)’’; and 
(4) in section 498(k)(1) (20 U.S.C. 
1099c(k)(1)), by striking ‘‘section 487(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(e)’’. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, 
Mr. B OOKER , Mr. D AINES , and 
Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 2276. A bill to amend title 49, 
United States Code, to provide en-hanced safety in pipeline transpor-tation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise 
today along with my colleagues Sen-ators F
ISCHER , BOOKER , and P ETERS to 
introduce the Securing America’s Fu-ture Energy: Protecting our Infrastruc-ture of Pipelines and Enhancing Safe-ty, SAFE PIPES, Act, reauthorizing the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration, PHMSA. Safe and secure pipeline infrastructure is critical to our nation, and is especially important to Montanans—for economic opportunity and environmental protec-tion. 
We had a great bipartisan group of 
Senators working on this legislation. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.028 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7917 November 10, 2015 
would like to thank Senator F ISCHER  
for traveling to Billings, Montana to chair the first in a series of hearings on pipeline safety and coordinating efforts to write this important legislation. Ad-ditionally, I thank Senators B
OOKER  
and P ETERS for their work drafting this 
legislation. 
In Montana, we have some of the 
country’s most pristine wild spaces along with an abundance on natural re-sources. Montana produces approxi-mately 30 million barrels of crude oil, 63 billion cubic feet of natural gas, and 42 million short tons of coal annually. We export 60 percent of this energy. The oil and gas industries support the employment of over 43,000 Montanans. Likewise, Montana’s unspoiled moun-tains and streams is the main motivator for many visiting Montana. The tourism industry supports the em-ployment of over 53,000 Montanans. 
It is needless to say, but it is impera-
tive that both jobs are protected. This legislation does just that, by improving pipeline inspection report turnaround times, increasing focus on pipeline river crossings, helping fill vacant in-spector positions, facilitating commu-nications between PHMSA and State agencies, and enabling PHMSA to con-duct safety research with industry ex-perts. 
I look forward to continue my work, 
along with my colleagues, on enhanc-ing pipeline safety, protecting our eco-nomic and environmental resources, and shepherding this legislation across the finish line. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 312—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING NOVEMBER 8, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL PREGNANCY CENTER WEEK’’ TO RECOGNIZE THE VITAL ROLE THAT COMMUNITY- SUPPORTED PREGNANCY CEN-TERS (ALSO KNOWN AS PREG-NANCY CARE AND PREGNANCY RESOURCE CENTERS) PLAY IN SAVING LIVES AND SERVING WOMEN AND MEN FACED WITH DIFFICULT PREGNANCY DECI-SIONS 
Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. E NZI, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
RUBIO, and Mr. C RUZ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 312 
Whereas, for more than 100 years, young 
women facing unplanned pregnancies have found support from charitable organizations ranging from Catholic Charities and Jewish Maternity Homes to the Salvation Army; Whereas many charitable organizations 
banded together on November 13, 1971, to form the first United States association of nonprofit organizations dedicated to res-cuing as many lives as possible from abor-tion; 
Whereas, as of 2013, there were approxi-
mately 2,500 pregnancy centers in the United States; 
Whereas women in every part of the United 
States turn to pregnancy centers for help, hope, and healing; 
Whereas pregnancy centers are local, non-
profit organizations that provide vital and compassionate support to women and men faced with difficult pregnancy decisions; 
Whereas pregnancy centers reach more 
than 2,300,000 people each year through a combination of client services, including— 
(1) pregnancy tests; (2) ultrasound and medical services; (3) options counseling and education; and (4) parenting and childbirth classes; 
Whereas, every day in the United States, 
pregnancy centers assist an average of 6,500 people, including women and men of all ages and backgrounds; 
Whereas some pregnancy centers offer spe-
cific medical services, including— 
(1) consultation with a licensed medical 
professional; 
(2) limited ultrasound for pregnancy con-
firmation; and 
(3) testing for sexually transmitted infec-
tions and diseases; 
Whereas the National Institute of Family 
and Life Advocates— 
(1) provides life-affirming pregnancy cen-
ters with legal counsel, education, and train-ing; 
(2) has assisted hundreds of pregnancy cen-
ters in becoming medical clinics; and 
(3) represented nearly 1,000 pregnancy cen-
ters that operate as medical clinics today; 
Whereas approximately 30,000 Americans 
volunteer at community-supported preg-nancy centers each year, offering more than 5,700,000 hours of uncompensated work; 
Whereas the approximately 1,000 medical 
pregnancy centers that provide limited ultrasound deliver limited ultrasound at lit-tle or no cost to women; 
Whereas, in 2010, close to 230,000 
ultrasounds were performed at pregnancy medical centers; 
Whereas pregnancy centers understand 
that each pregnancy decision is an emotional and private choice, and compassionate staff and trained volunteers of pregnancy cen-ters— 
(1) provide each patient with educational 
materials; and 
(2) offer each patient emotional support 
and care to help each patient through dif-ficult situations; 
Whereas close to 78 percent of pregnancy 
centers in the United States offer specialized parenting education— 
(1) through direct services on premises; or (2) in nearby churches, schools, or other lo-
cations; 
Whereas nearly every pregnancy care and 
resource center provides clients with mate-rial support for pregnancy and infant care, which may include— 
(1) maternity clothing; (2) baby clothes and furniture; (3) housing assistance; or (4) nutritional counseling and resources; 
Whereas pregnancy centers— 
(1) do not discriminate based on age, race, 
nationality, creed, religious affiliation, dis-ability, or arbitrary circumstances; and 
(2) take special care to provide help to un-
derserved minority populations; 
Whereas pregnancy centers have com-
mitted to engaging fathers so that they can acquire the skills necessary to become in-volved and responsible fathers; Whereas Care Net affiliated pregnancy cen-
ters— 
(1) have saved more than 462,000 babies 
since 2008; and 
(2) saved 73,000 babies in 2014 alone; 
Whereas Heartbeat International reports 
that Heartbeat International affiliated preg-nancy centers rescue 160,000 babies from the risk of abortion each year; 
Whereas, in the last 7 years, 8 of 10 women 
considering abortion when they entered a Care Net affiliated pregnancy care and re-source center ended up choosing life; 
Whereas, in the last 7 years, Care Net af-
filiated pregnancy centers— 
(1) provided 698,649 free ultrasound scans; (2) provided parenting support and edu-
cation to 828,190 individuals; 
(3) provided material resources to more 
than 1,200,000 individuals; and 
(4) administered 2,100,000 pregnancy tests; 
Whereas the 24-hour Option Line of Heart-
beat International— 
(1) helps carry out a mission of reaching 
and rescuing as many lives as possible around the world through an effective net-work of life-affirming pregnancy help cen-ters; and 
(2) answers questions by phone, text, 
email, or chat before connecting an indi-vidual with the local pregnancy help organi-zation of the individual where the individual will receive 1-on-1, compassionate, caring support; 
Whereas, in 2014 Heartbeat International 
received their 2,000,000th contact through the Option Line; 
Whereas the Care Net Pregnancy Decision 
Line is the only national hotline that pro-vides immediate pregnancy decision coach-ing by highly trained coaches; 
Whereas Heartbeat International reports 
the existence of 413 maternity homes in the United States; 
Whereas, in 2008, Care Net, Heartbeat 
International, the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates, and other groups issued a statement entitled ‘‘Our Commit-ment of Care and Competence’’, which— 
(1) addresses issues including— 
(A) scientific and medical accuracy; 
(B) truth in advertising; (C) compassion; (D) nondiscrimination; (E) patient confidentiality; (F) staff training; and (G) a consistent life ethic; and 
(2) expands the determination of the preg-
nancy help movement to comply with appli-cable legal requirements regarding— 
(A) employment; (B) fundraising; (C) financial management; (D) taxation; (E) medical licensure; and (F) operation standards; and 
Whereas less than 10 percent of the income 
of pregnancy centers in the United States de-rives from governmental sources, which en-sures that pregnancy centers— 
(1) minimize burdens on each taxpayer; and (2) engage local communities to provide 
sustainable support: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week beginning Novem-
ber 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Pregnancy Center Week’’; 
(2) supports the important work of preg-
nancy centers across the United States; 
(3) appreciates and recognizes the thou-
sands of volunteers and staff of pregnancy centers in the United States who give mil-lions of hours of service each year to women and men who are faced with difficult preg-nancy decisions; and 
(4) recognizes the importance of— (A) protecting life; and (B) assisting women and men in need as 
they bring children into the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.039 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7918 November 10, 2015 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2791. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
CRUZ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and 
Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2792. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, 
Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2793. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2794. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, 
Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, supra. 
SA 2795. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK 
(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
to the bill H.R. 2029, supra. 
SA 2796. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 90, direct-ing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356. 
SA 2797. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK (for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
2029, making appropriations for military con-struction, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2798. Mr. TESTER (for Mrs. B
OXER ) pro-
posed an amendment to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK (for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
2029, supra. 
SA 2799. Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
ROUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 pro-posed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , 
and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2800. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, 
Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2801. Mr. TESTER (for Mr. B
ROWN (for 
himself and Mr. T ILLIS )) proposed an amend-
ment to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, supra. 
SA 2802. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2803. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 
2029, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2804. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
D
URBIN , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1356, to clarify that certain pro-
visions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Re-form Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effec-tive regulations relating to such provisions; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2805. Mr. THUNE (for Mr. C
RUZ (for 
himself, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. G ARDNER , and Mrs. M URRAY )) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. Thune to the bill H.R. 2262, to facilitate a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes. 
SA 2806. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. I
SAK-
SON) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 
1203, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs of claims for bene-fits under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
SA 2807. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) proposed an amendment to the 
resolution S. Res. 302, expressing the sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in con-demnation of Palestinian terror attacks. 
SA 2808. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) proposed an amendment to the 
resolution S. Res. 302, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2791. Mr. CORNYN (for himself 
and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . (a) Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that includes, with respect to the South Texas Veterans Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs, the fol-lowing: 
(1) A description of the nature and scope of 
any foreseeable increase in wait times for medical appointments. 
(2) An assessment of whether a shortage of 
health care providers is the primary cause of any such increase in wait times. 
(3) An identification of any other causes of 
any such increase in wait times. 
(4) A description of any action taken by 
the Department to correct any such increase in wait times. 
(5) An assessment of any issues relating to 
access to care. 
(6) A plan for how the Secretary will rem-
edy any such increase in wait times, includ-ing a detailed description of steps to be taken and a timeline for completion. 
(b) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate 
committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2792. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. 
KIRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2 lll . EXPANSION OF CHOICE PROGRAM 
OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF SUNSET .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Vet-
erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (p); and (B) by redesignating subsections (q), (r), 
(s), and (t) as subsections (p), (q), (r), and (s), respectively. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is amended— 
(A) in subsection (i)(2), by striking ‘‘during 
the period in which the Secretary is author-ized to carry out this section pursuant to subsection (p)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (p)(2), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)(B), by striking subparagraph (F). 
(b) E
XPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) E LIGIBLE VETERANS .—A veteran is an 
eligible veteran for purposes of this section if the veteran is enrolled in the patient en-rollment system of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs established and operated under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, including any such veteran who has not re-ceived hospital care or medical services from the Department and has contacted the De-partment seeking an initial appointment from the Department for the receipt of such care or services.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘In the case of an eligible veteran described in subsection (b)(2)(A), the Secretary shall, at the election of the eligi-ble veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall, at the election of an eligible veteran’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘de-
scribed in such subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Veterans Health Administration’’; 
(B) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; 
(C) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph 
(3); and 
(D) in subsection (p)(2)(A), as redesignated 
by subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘, disaggregated by—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (b)(2)(D)’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to hospital care and medical services fur-nished under section 101 of the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2793. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.026 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7919 November 10, 2015 
year ending September 30, 2016, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a cen-tral clearinghouse within the Department of Defense regarding physical security enhance-ments at military facilities to reduce ineffi-ciency and promote the sharing of best prac-tices among the military services and De-partment of Defense components. 
(b) Not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on 
Appropriations a report— 
(1) describing the establishment and use of 
the clearinghouse described in subsection (a); 
(2) describing completed and planned ac-
tions by the Department of Defense, the military services, the combatant commands, and the National Guard Bureau to enhance physical security at their installations, in-cluding recruiting centers and reserve com-ponent facilities; and 
(3) identifying funding requirements for 
such actions. 
SA 2794. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: SEC. 2ll. (a) The amount appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this title under the heading ‘‘
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RE -
SEARCH ’’ under the heading ‘‘V ETERANS  
HEALTH ADMINISTRATION ’’ is hereby increased 
by $8,922,462. 
(b) The amount appropriated or otherwise 
made available by this title for fiscal year 2016 under the heading ‘‘
MEDICAL SERVICES ’’ 
under the heading ‘‘V ETERANS HEALTH AD-
MINISTRATION ’’ is hereby reduced by 
$8,922,462. 
SA 2795. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. (a) Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, enter into a contract with an independent third party described in subsection (b) to carry out a study on the impact of participa-tion in combat during service in the Armed Forces on suicides and other mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(b) An independent third party described in 
this subsection is an independent third party that has appropriate credentials to access in-formation in the possession of the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Vet-erans Affairs that is necessary to carry out the study required under subsection (a). SA 2796. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 90, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correc-tion in the enrollment of S. 1356; as fol-lows: 
Strike the matter following the resolving 
clause and insert the following: 
That in the enrollment of the bill S. 1356, the 
Secretary of the Senate shall make the fol-lowing corrections: 
(1) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
(2) In the table of contents in section 2, in 
the item relating to section 1242, amend ‘‘Ukrainian Republic’’ so as to read ‘‘Ukraine’’. 
(3) In the table of contents for title XII be-
fore section 1201, in the item relating to sec-tion 1242, amend ‘‘Ukrainian Republic’’ so as to read ‘‘Ukraine’’. 
(4) In the section heading of section 1242, 
amend ‘‘
UKRANIAN REPUBLIC ’’ so as to read 
‘‘UKRAINE ’’. 
(5) In section 1242, amend ‘‘the Ukrainian 
Republic’’ so as to read ‘‘Ukraine’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(1) and (b). 
(6) Strike section 4201 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, 
AND EVALUATION. 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................ 13,018 13,018 002 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ..... 239,118 259,118 
Basic research program increase ........................................................................................... [20,0 00 ] 
003 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... 72,603 72,603 
004 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ............................................................. 100,340 100,3 40 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 425,079 445,079 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
005 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ......... 28,314 28,314 
006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ....................................................................... 38,374 38,374 
007 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ....................................................................................................... ...................... 6,879 6,879 
008 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ........... 56,884 56,884 
009 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 19 ,243 19,243 
010 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............. 45,053 53,053 
A2/AD Anti-Ship Missile Study ............................................................................................. [8,00 0 ] 
011 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 2 9,428 29,428 
012 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION .............................................................................. 27,8 62 27,862 
013 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... 68,839 68,839 014 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. .......... 92,801 92,801 
015 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ....................................... 3,866 3,866 016 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .............................................................................. 5,48 7 5,487 
017 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 48,34 0 48,340 
018 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ............................................................................ 55,3 01 55,301 
019 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ........ 33,807 33,807 
020 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... .......... 25,068 25,068 
021 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 23,681 23, 681 
022 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ 20,850  20,850 
023 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ..................................................... 36,160 36,160 024 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... 12,656 12,656 
025 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 63, 409 63,409 
026 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 24,735 24,735 027 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ....... 35,795 35,795 
028 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ........... 76,853 76,853 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................ 879,685 887,685 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
029 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 46,97 3 46,973 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.036 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7920 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
030 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... 69,584 69,584 
031 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 89,736 89,736 
032 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................ 57,663 57,663 033 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................... 113,071 113,071 034 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. 5,554 5,554  
035 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................ 12,636 12,636 037 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ...................................................................................................... .................... 7,502 7,502 
038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ................................................... 17,425 17,425 039 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ...................................................................................................... .................... 11,912 11,912 
040 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 27,520 27,520 041 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ...................................................................................................... .................... 2,381 2,381 
042 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ...................................................................................................... ................... 2,431 2,431 
043 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 26 ,874 26,874 
044 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. 49,449 49,4 49 
045 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ................... 10,999 10,999 
046 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................ 177,159 177,159 047 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................ 13,993 13,993 048 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .............................................................................. 5,10 5 5,105 
049 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 40, 929 40,929 
050 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .......................................... 10,727 10,727 051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 20,145 20,145 052 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ......................... 38,163 38,163 053 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ....... 37,816 37,816 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 895,747 895,747 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
054 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ............................................................... 10,347 10,34 7 
055 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. 25 ,061 25,061 
056 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV .................................................................. 49,636 49,63 6 
057 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .......................................... 13,426 13,426 058 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION .......................................................................... 46,749  46,749 
060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .............................................................................. 6,2 58 6,258 
061 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV ............................................ 13,472 13,472 062 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 7,292 7,292 063 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ......................................................... 8,813 8,813 065 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 6,0 75 6,075 
067 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ............................................................. 21,233 21,233  
068 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ........................................................................................... ..... 31,962 31,962 
069 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 22,194 22,194  
071 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .......................................................................................... ...... 9,805 9,805 
072 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ............................................................................. 40,9 17 40,917 
073 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) .................................................. 30,058 30,058 074 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ................ 155,361 155,361 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .............................. 498,659 498,659 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
076 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS ................................................................................................. ................ 12,939 12,939 
078 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 18,8 43 18,843 
079 0604280A JOINT TACTICAL RADIO .............................................................................................. ............. 9,861 9,861 
080 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ........................................................... 8,763 8,763 081 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ........................................................................................ .... 4,309 4,309 
082 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ................... 15,138 15,138 
083 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS .......................................................................................... .... 74,128 80,628 
Army requested realignment ................................................................................................. [1,5 00 ] 
Soldier Enhancement Program ............................................................................................. [5,000 ] 
085 0604611A JAVELIN ........................................................................................................... .......................... 3,945 3,945 
087 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............. 10,076 10,076 
088 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ................................................................ 40,374 40,3 74 
089 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................... .. 67,582 67,582 
090 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ................................................................. 1,763 1,76 3 
091 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ........................................................................ 27,155 27,155 
092 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ................................ 24,569 24,569 093 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 23,364 23,364 094 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 8,960 8,960  
095 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ............................................ 9,138 9,138 096 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ............................................................ 21,622 21,62 2 
097 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ...................................................... 99,242 99,242 098 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ................................................................................... 21 ,379 21,379 
099 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ............................................................. 48,339 48,339  
100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ......................................... 2,726 2,726 101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ............... 45,412 45,412 102 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ........................................................................... 55,215 55,215 
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE .................................. 163,643 163,643 105 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 12,309 12,309 
106 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ................................................ 15,700 15,700 107 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ....................... 6,243 6,243 
108 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL .............................................................................. 18,77
6 18,776 
109 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ...... 1,953 1,953 
110 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 67,358 67 ,358 
111 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ............................................ 136,011 121,011 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ . [–15,000 ] 
112 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ...................................................................... 230,210 230,210 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7921 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
113 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ......................................................................... 13,35 7 13,357 
114 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ..... 18,055 18,055 
115 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... .................... 5,677 5,677 
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .............................................................. 77,570 101,57 0 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ................................... [24,000 ] 
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 18,112 78,112 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ................................... [60,000 ] 
118 0605350A WIN-T INCREMENT 3—FULL NETWORKING ............................................................................ 39,70 0 39,700 
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ...................................................................... 12,987  12,987 
120 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ 88,866 74,966 
EMD contract delays ............................................................................................................ . [–13,900 ] 
121 0605456A PAC–3/MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................. ................. 2,272 2,272 
122 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ................................................. 214,099 214,099 123 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE ............................................................................................. ........ 49,247 39,247 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... . [–10,000 ] 
124 0605626A AERIAL COMMON SENSOR .............................................................................................. .......... 2 2 
125 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) .................................................................... 10,599 10,599 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DE-
VELOPMENT PH.32,486 32,486 
127 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................ 8,880  8,880 
128 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................ 152,288  152,288 
129 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... .................... 5,022 5,022 
130 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 12,6 86 12,686 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................................................... 2,068,950 2,120,550 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
131 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 20 ,035 20,035 
132 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ 16,684 16,684 
133 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .......... 62,580 62,580 
134 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............ 20,853 20,853 
135 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ......... 205,145 205,145 
136 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ............................................................................ 19,430  19,430 
138 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... 277,646 277,646 
139 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ............................................. 51,550 51,550 140 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS ................................................................................ 33 ,246 33,246 
141 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ .......... 4,760 4,760 
142 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 8,303 8,303 143 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... .... 20,403 20,403 
144 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... .. 10,396 10,396 
145 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING ................................................................................... 4 9,337 49,337 
146 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ....... 52,694 52,694 
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................ 938 938 148 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ........ 60,319 60,319 
149 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES ................................................................................. 2 8,478 28,478 
150 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ...................................... 32,604 24,604 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .. [–8,000 ] 
151 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT .............................................. 3,186 3,186 152 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .......... 48,955 48,955 
SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................ 1,027,542 1,019,542 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
154 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .......................................................................... 18,397 1 8,397 
155 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ................... 9,461 9,461 
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................... 4,945 4,945 157 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... .................. 7,569 7,569 
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...................................................................... 69,862 69, 862 
159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .............................................................. 66,653 66,653 160 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... 37,407 37, 407 
161 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................... 1,151 1,151 162 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................ 51, 164 51,164 
163 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE ................................................................................... 2 ,481 2,481 
164 0607141A LOGISTICS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ........... 1,673 1,673 
166 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ............ 13,237 13,237 
167 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... . 105,816 105,816 
169 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ................................................................... 40,565 40, 565 
171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ...................... 35,719 35,719 172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ..................................................................... 257,167 35 4,167 
Stryker Lethality Upgrades .................................................................................................. [97 ,000 ] 
173 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... .... 15,445 15,445 
175 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................... 364 364 176 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ...................... 4,361 4,361 
177 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................. 3,154 3,154 178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ....................................................... 35,951 35,951 179 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ................... 34,686 34,686 
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ............................................. 10,750 10,750 181 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... 402 402 
183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM .................................................. 64,159 64,159 184 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ..................................................... 17,527 17,527 185 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 20,515 20,515 
187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ......................................................................... 12,36 8 12,368 
188 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 31,154 31, 154 
189 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ..................................................................................... 1 2,274 12,274 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7922 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
190 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ............................................................................ 9,355  9,355 
191 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................... 7,053 7,053 193 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ............................................................................. 750  750 
194 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................ 13,22 5 13,225 
195 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 22,8 70 22,870 
196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 25,592 25,592 199 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 7,297 7,297 
201 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ........................................................................ 3,800 3,800 
202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 48,442 48,442 
202A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .............. 4,536 4,536 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 1,129,297 1,226,297 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ............................................. 6,924,959 7,093,559 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... 116,196 125,196 
Defense University Research Instumentation Program increase .......................................... [9,000 ] 
002 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................ 19,126 19,126 003 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ..... 451,606 479,106 
Basic research program increase ........................................................................................... [27,5 00 ] 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 586,928 623,428 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................ 68,72 3 68,723 
005 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................. 154, 963 154,963 
006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 49,001 49, 001 
007 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ 42, 551 42,551 
008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................. 45,056 45,056 009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................... 115,051 115,051  
010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................. 42,252 62,252 
Service Life Extension for the AGOR Ship ............................................................................ [20,000 ] 
011 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................... 6,119 6,119 012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................................... 123,750  142,350 
Accelerate undersea warfare research ................................................................................... [18,600 ] 
013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................... 179,686 179,68 6 
014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................. 37,418 37,418 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................ 864,570 903,170 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
015 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 37,093 37,0 93 
016 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 38,044 38, 044 
017 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................. 34,899 34,899 018 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ................................................... 137,562 137,562 
019 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................... 12,745 12,745 020 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................... 258,860 258,860 021 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 57,074 5 7,074 
022 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................ 4,807 4,807 023 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. 13,748 13,748  
024 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ........................................... 66,041 66,041 025 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................... 1,991 1,991 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 662,864 662,864 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
026 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ................................................................................... . 41,832 41,832 
027 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................ .......... 5,404 5,404 
028 0603237N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL .................................................................... 3,086 3,08 6 
029 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............... 11,643 11,643 
030 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................... .... 5,555 5,555 
031 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE .............................................................................. 3,08 7 3,087 
032 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 1,636 1,6 36 
033 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................ 118,588 113,588 
LDUUV development growth ................................................................................................. [–5,00 0 ] 
034 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ...................................................................................... . 77,385 77,385 
035 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... 8,348 8,348 
036 0603525N PILOT FISH ........................................................................................................ ......................... 123,246 123,246 
037 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... .................. 28,819 28,819 
038 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER ...................................................................................................
................ 112,678 112,678 
039 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL .............................................................................................. .......... 710 710 
040 0603553N SURFACE ASW ....................................................................................................... .................... 1,096 1,096 
041 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 87,160 93,360 
Accelerate unmanned underwater vehicle development ........................................................ [10,000 ] 
Universal launch and recovery module unfunded outyear tail .............................................. [–3,800 ] 
042 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ........................................................................ 10,371 1 0,371 
043 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ...................................................................................... .. 11,888 11,888 
044 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ........................................................ 4,332 4,332 045 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 482, 040 482,040 
046 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ....................................................................... 25,904 25 ,904 
047 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ....................................................................................................... ..................... 511,802 511,802 
048 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ........................................................................................ ....... 118,416 118,416 
049 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ......................................................................................... .... 35,901 35,901 
050 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 971,393 971,393 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7923 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
051 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ............................................................................................... ............. 206,149 206,149 
052 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) .............................................................................. 8,0 00 8,000 
053 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ ........ 7,678 7,678 
054 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ..................................................................................... . 219,082 219,082 
055 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................... 623 623 056 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 18,260 18,260 057 0603658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................ ...... 76,247 76,247 
058 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 4,520 4,520 059 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION .......................................................................................... .... 20,711 20,711 
060 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ......... 47,761 47,761 
061 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................ ......... 5,226 5,226 
062 0603734N CHALK CORAL ....................................................................................................... ..................... 182,771 182,771 
063 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ........................................................................................ ..... 3,866 3,866 
064 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ..................................................................................................... ................. 360,065 360,065 
065 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ..................................................................................................... ................... 237,416 237,416 
066 0603751N RETRACT ELM ....................................................................................................... .................... 37,944 37,944 
067 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN .................................................................................................... ................. 47,312 47,312 
068 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES ................................................................................................. ............... 17,408 17,408 
069 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 9,3 59 9,359 
070 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ...... 887 887 
071 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ............................................................................... 29, 448 29,448 
072 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ................................... 91,479 91,479 073 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ...................................................... 67,360 67,360 074 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ................................ 48,105 127,205 
Full ship shock trials for CVN–78 .......................................................................................... [79, 100 ] 
075 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................................................................. 20 ,089 20,089 
076 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ...................... 18,969 18,969 077 0604279N ASE SELF-PROTECTION OPTIMIZATION ................................................................................. 7 ,874 7,874 
078 0604292N MH-XX ............................................................................................................. ............................ 5,298 5,298 
079 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................ .............................. 46,486 75,486 
LX(R) Acceleration ............................................................................................................. ... [29,000 ] 
080 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE (JCREW) ................... 3,817 3,817 081 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .................................................. 9,595 9,595 082 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT .... 29,581 25,246 
Maritime concept generation and development growth ........................................................ [–4,335 ] 
083 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ...................................... 285,849 285,849 084 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DE-
VELOPMENT PH.36,656 36,656 
085 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ..................................................................................... 9, 835 9,835 
086 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ...................................................................... 580 580 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .............................. 5,024,626 5,129,591 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
087 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... ...... 21,708 21,708 
088 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ...... 11,101 11,101 
089 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ ........ 39,878 39,878 
090 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ...... 53,059 53,059 
091 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 21,358 21,358 092 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING .................................................................................. 4 ,515 4,515 
093 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ..... 1,514 1,514 
094 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ...... 5,875 5,875 
095 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ..... 81,553 81,553 
096 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. ............ 272,149 264,149 
Cost growth .................................................................................................................... ....... [–8,000 ] 
097 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 27,235 27,235 
098 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... ........ 35,763 35,763 
099 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. .............................. 87,918 87,918 
100 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 1 2,679 12,679 
101 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. .............................. 56,921 56,921 
102 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 23,6 85 23,685 
103 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .. 507,093 507,093 
104 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... .. 411,767 403,767 
Contract delays ................................................................................................................ ..... [–8,000 ] 
105 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ....................................................... 25,071 25,071 106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING .................................................... 443,433 421,133 
Aegis development support growth ....................................................................................... [–22,300  ] 
107 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ................................................................................. 7 47 747 
108 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ...... 97,002 84,644 
F–18 integration contract delay ............................................................................................. [–1 2,358 ] 
109 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ................................................................................... 12 9,649 129,649 
110 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ................... 11,647 11,647 
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) FOR AVIA-
TION.2,778 2,778 
112 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING .............. 23,695 23,695 
113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) 
SYSTEM.134,708 484,708 
Competitive air vehicle risk reduction activities ................................................................. [300,000 ] 
Government and industry source selection preparation ........................................................ [50,000 ] 
114 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ..................................................................................... 4 3,914 43,914 
115 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................ 1 09,908 109,908 
116 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ...................... 57,928 57,928 
117 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ .... 120,217 120,217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7924 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
118 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ......................................................... 241,754 241,75 4 
119 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... .................. 122,556 122,556 
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM .......................................................................... 48,213 60,213 
Accelerate submarine combat and weapon system modernization ........................................ [12,000 ] 
121 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E .............................................................................. 4 9,712 49,712 
122 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES ............................................................................. 4,096  4,096 
123 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... .. 167,719 167,719 
124 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ............. 15,122 15,122 
125 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. 33,73 8 33,738 
126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 8,123 8,123 127 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS .......................................... 7,686 7,686 128 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS .................................................................................... 4 05 405 
129 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .......................................................................... 153, 836 153,836 
130 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ......................................................................... 99,6 19 99,619 
131 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) ................................................................... 116,798  116,798 
132 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ...... 4,353 4,353 
133 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ......... 9,443 9,443 
134 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............ 32,469 32,469 
135 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... .. 537,901 537,901 
136 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... .. 504,736 504,736 
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS ............................ 59,265 20,800 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ..... [–38,465 ] 
138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY ............................................ 47,579 21,244 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ..... [–26,335 ] 
139 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 5,914 5,9 14 
140 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 89,711 89 ,711 
141 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ....................... 632,092 632,092 
142 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... .... 7,778 7,778 
143 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ 25,898 25,898 
144 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ...................................................................... 247,929  247,929 
145 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................ 103,199 103,199 
146 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ...................................................................................... 9 98 998 
147 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... . 17,785 17,785 
148 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ...................................................................................... . 35,905 35,905 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................................................... 6,308,800 6,555,342 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
149 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 30 ,769 30,769 
150 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ 112,606 112,606 
151 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .......... 61,234 61,234 
152 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ........................................... 6,995 6,995 153 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ........................................................................... 4,011 4,011 
154 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... .... 48,563 48,563 
155 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ....... 5,000 5,000 
157 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... 925 925 
158 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ................................................. 78,143 78,143 159 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ... 3,258 3,258 
160 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ............................................................ 76,948 76,948 161 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT .................................................................................. 1 32,122 132,122 
162 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .. 351,912 351,912 
163 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ......................................................... 17,985 17,985 164 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ............................................... 5,316 5,316 165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT .............................................................. 6,519 6,519 
166 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ........................................................................... 13,649  13,649 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 955,955 955,955 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
174 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ................................................................. 107,039 107 ,039 
175 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................. 46,50 6 46,506 
176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 3,900 4,700 
Accelerate combat rapid attack weapon ............................................................................... [800 
] 
177 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS .................................................................................... 1 6,569 16,569 
178 0203761N RAPID TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION (RTT) ............................................................................... 18 ,632 11,132 
TIPS program growth ............................................................................................................ [–7,500 ] 
179 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. .................. 133,265 133,265 
181 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ......................................................................... 62,867  51,067 
Joint aerial layer network growth ........................................................................................ [–11,8 00 ] 
182 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................ 36,045 36,045 
183 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .................................. 25,228 25,228 184 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................. 54, 218 54,218 
185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) .................................. 11,335 11,335 186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ................................................................... 80,129 6 5,629 
Block II test assets early to need .......................................................................................... [–1 4,500 ] 
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 39,087 39,087 188 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ .... 1,915 1,915 
189 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ............................................................ 46,609 46,609  
190 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ............ 52,708 16,164 
AARGM extended range program growth .............................................................................. [–36,544 ] 
191 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............. 149,997 149,997 
192 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .................................................................. 24,460 24,4 60 
193 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ....................... 42,206 47,706 
Accelerate torpedo upgrades ................................................................................................. [5, 500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7925 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
194 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ........ 117,759 117,759 
195 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .......................................................................... 101,323  101,323 
196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................................................................... 67,763 6 7,763 
197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ........................................ 13,431 13,431 198 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ..................................... 56,769 48,669 
Project delays ................................................................................................................. ....... [–8,100 ] 
199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ...................................................................... 20,729 2 0,729 
200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ......................................... 13,152 13,152 201 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ .... 48,535 48,535 
202 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............ 76,016 76,016 
203 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................ 32,172 32,172 208 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) ................................................................................ 53 ,239 53,239 
209 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) .............................. 21,677 21,677 210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 28,102 28, 102 
211 0303150M WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................... 294 294 213 0305160N NAVY METEOROLOGICAL AND OCEAN SENSORS-SPACE (METOC) ...................................... 599 599 214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ..................................................... 6,207 6,207 215 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................ 8,550  8,550 
216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ....................................................................... 41,831 41,831 
217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 1,105 1,105 218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 33,149 33,149 219 0305220N RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 227,188 227,188 
220 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 52,770 52,770 
221 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... .......................... 635 635 
222 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 688 688 
223 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ......................................................................... 4,6 47 4,647 
224 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................. 6,435 6,435 
225 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. 49,145 49,1 45 
226 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ....................................................... 9,246 9,246 227 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .............. 150,854 150,854 
228 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................ 4,7 57 4,757 
229 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ...... 24,185 24,185 
231 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) ................................................................................... 4 ,321 4,321 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .............. 1,252,185 1,252,185 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 3,482,173 3,410,029 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .............................................. 17,885,916 18,240,379 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ..... 329,721 352,221 
Basic research program increase ........................................................................................... [22,5 00 ] 
002 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... 141,754 141,754 
003 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES .................................................................... 13,778 1 3,778 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 485,253 507,753 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602102F MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 125,234 125,234 
005 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................... 1 23,438 123,438 
006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................... 100,530 10 0,530 
007 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION .............................................................................................. .......... 182,326 182,326 
008 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................. ............. 147,291 147,291 
009 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. .............. 116,122 116,122 
010 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ ........ 99,851 99,851 
011 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ .. 115,604 115,604 
012 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS .......................................................... 164,909 164,909  
013 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................................................................................ ... 42,037 42,037 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................ 1,217,342 1,217,342 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
014 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ................................................................. 37,665 47,66 5 
Metals Affordability Initiative .............................................................................................. [1 0,000 ] 
015 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ............................................................... 18,378 18,3 78 
016 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ........................................................................................
.. 42,183 42,183 
017 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ................................................................................... 10 0,733 100,733 
018 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ......................................................... 168,821 168,821 019 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 47,032 47,032 
020 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 54,8 97 54,897 
021 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) ...................................................................... 12,853 12,853 
022 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................ 25,448 25,448 023 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 48,53 6 48,536 
024 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 3 0,195 30,195 
025 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 42,630 5 2,630 
Maturation of advanced manufacturing for low-cost sustainment ....................................... [10,000 ] 
026 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................... 46,414 46,414 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 675,785 695,785 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
027 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... 5,032 5 ,032 
029 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ..... 4,070 4,070 
030 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 21, 790 21,790 
031 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 4,7 36 4,736 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7926 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
033 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ......................................................................... 30,771 30,771 
034 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL .......................................................... 39,765 39,765 036 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE ................................................................................................. .............. 1,246,228 556,228 
Delayed EMD contract award ................................................................................................ [–690 ,000 ] 
037 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ............................................................................................... ......... 3,512 8,512 
Technology transfer program increase .................................................................................. [5,000 ] 
038 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ................. 54,637 54,637 040 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON .......................................................................................... .... 76,108 51,108 
Unjustified increase and analysis of alternatives .................................................................. [–25,000 ] 
044 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................. 6, 457 19,957 
SSA, Weather, or Launch Activities ..................................................................................... [13,500 ] 
045 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ........................................................................................... ....... 246,514 246,514 
046 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ............................................................................. 75,16 6 75,166 
049 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ..................................................................................... 8,830 8,830 
050 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ........................................................ 14,939 14,939 051 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ........................... 142,288 142,288 052 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 81,732 96,732 
Increase USCC Cyber Operations Technology Development ................................................. [15,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .............................. 2,062,575 1,381,075 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
055 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 929 929 
056 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................ 60,25 6 60,256 
057 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ... 5,973 5,973 
058 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD .................................................................................... 3 2,624 32,624 
059 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ......... 24,208 24,208 
060 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 32,37 4 32,374 
061 0604426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ..................... 243,909 243,909 
062 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ........................................................................................ ... 8,358 8,358 
063 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ........................................................ 292,235 292,23 5 
064 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 40,15 4 40,154 
065 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ...................................................................................................... .................... 2,506 2,506 
066 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT .............................................................................................. .......... 57,678 57,678 
067 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ........... 8,187 8,187 
068 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................ ........ 15,795 15,795 
069 0604800F F–35—EMD .......................................................................................................... ......................... 589,441 589,441 
071 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD .............................. 84,438 184,438 
EELV Program—Rocket Propulsion System Development ................................................... [100,000 ] 
072 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ........................................................................................ . 36,643 16,143 
Contract delay ................................................................................................................. ...... [–20,500 ] 
073 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... ........ 142,551 142,551 
074 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B ................................................................................. . 140,640 140,640 
075 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 3,598 3,598 076 0605221F KC–46 ............................................................................................................. .............................. 602,364 402,364 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–200,000 ] 
077 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ........................................................................................... ........ 11,395 11,395 
078 0605229F CSAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ....................................................................................... ...... 156,085 156,085 
080 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... 228,230 228,230 
081 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... ........ 72,084 72,084 
082 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... 56,343 52,343 
Excess to need ................................................................................................................. ...... [–4,000 ] 
083 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E ................................................................................. .. 47,629 47,629 
084 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................ 271 ,961 271,961 
085 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... 21 2,121 212,121 
086 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ....................... 186,481 186,481 
087 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ......................................................................................
... 18,082 18,082 
088 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR ................................................................................. 993  993 
089 0307581F NEXTGEN JSTARS .................................................................................................... ................. 44,343 44,343 
091 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ................................................................ 102,620 102 ,620 
092 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ...... 14,563 14,563 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................................................... 3,847,791 3,723,291 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
093 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 23 ,844 23,844 
094 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .......... 68,302 73,302 
Airborne Sensor Data Correlation Project ............................................................................ [5,000 ] 
095 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ......... 34,918 34,918 
097 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ....................................................................... 10,476  10,476 
098 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .. 673,908 673,908 
099 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ................................................................... 21,858 21, 858 
100 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ........ 28,228 28,228 
101 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 40,518 40,518 102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................... 27,895 27,895 103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION .................................................................... 16,507 16, 507 
104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 18,997 18,997 106 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ............................................... 185,305 176,727 
Excess to need ................................................................................................................. ...... [–8,578 ] 
107 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .......................................................................... 4,84 1 4,841 
108 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ......................................................................... 15,357 15,357 
109 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ......... 1,315 1,315 
111 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ........ 2,315 2,315 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 1,174,584 1,171,006 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7927 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
112 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ......................... 350,232 350,232 113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ........................................................... 10,465 10,465 114 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ ........ 24,577 24,577 
117 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ............................................... 69,694 10,694 
Forward financing, excluding funding for audit readiness .................................................... [–59,000 ] 
118 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY .............................................................. 26,718 26,718  
119 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ............. 10,807 10,807 
121 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 74,520 74,520 
122 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) .............................................................................. 45 1 451 
123 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................. 2,245 2,245 
124 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... .................... 108,183 108,183 
125 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ......... 178,929 178,929 
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM ................................................................. 28,481 28,481  
127 0101314F NIGHT FIST—USSTRATCOM ............................................................................................. ........ 87 87 
128 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................. 5,315 5,315 131 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ..................................................... 8,090 8,090 132 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 123,439 123,439 
134 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 16,200 
A–10 restoration: operational flight program development ................................................... [16,200 ] 
135 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 148,297 198,297 
AESA Radar Integration ....................................................................................................... [5 0,000 ] 
136 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... .................. 179,283 192,079 
Transfer from procurement ................................................................................................... [12 ,796 ] 
137 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION ................................................................................. 14, 860 14,860 
138 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... .................. 262,552 262,552 
139 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 115,395 53,921 
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ..... [–61,474 ] 
140 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............ 43,360 43,360 
141 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................ 46,160 46,160 143 0207224F COMBAT RESCUE AND RECOVERY ........................................................................................ .. 412 412 
144 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... .. 657 657 
145 0207247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ........................ 31,428 31,428 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT .................................................................... 1,105 1,10 5 
147 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ................... 14,249 14,249 
148 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................... 103,942 103,942 149 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ........................................................ 12,793 12,793  
150 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................. 21 ,193 21,193 
151 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ............................................................................ 559 559 
152 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ....................................................... 161,812 161,812 153 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 6,001  6,001 
155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 7,793 7,793  
156 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... 12,465 12,465 
157 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... .......... 1,681 1,681 
159 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ........................... 16,796 16,796 
161 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ...................... 21,564 21,564 
162 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... . 24,994 24,994 
163 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ............................................................................. 6,035  6,035 
164 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ............................................................................ 4,35 8 4,358 
165 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ...... 55,835 55,835 
167 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 12,874  12,874 
168 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 7,681 7,681 
171 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........................................................... 5,974 5,974 177 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... 13,815 13,815 
178 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) .................................................. 80,360 80,360 179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) .............................................................. 3,907 3,907  
180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) .................... 75,062 75,062 181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 46,599 46, 599 
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ............................................................. 2,470 2,470 186 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ..... 112,775 112,775 
189 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ...................................................................... 4,235 4, 235 
192 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ............................................................................. 7,87 9 5,879 
Unjustified increase in systems engineering ......................................................................... [–2,000 ] 
193 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................ 29,955 29,955 
194 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ........................... 21,485 21,485 195 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ................. 2,515 2,515 
198 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ 472 4 72 
199 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ....................................................................................... 12,137 12,137 
200 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ....................................................... 361 361 203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ....................................................... 3,162 3,162 204 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............. 1,543 1,543 205 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ............................................................................. 7,8 60 7,860 
206 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... . 6,902 6,902 
207 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ....................... 34,471 34,471 
209 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 50,1 54 60,154 
Wide Area Surveillance Capability ........................................................................................ [10,00 0 ] 
210 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS .................................................................................. 13, 245 13,245 
211 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 22,784 22,784 212 0305219F MQ–1 PREDATOR A UAV ............................................................................................... ............. 716 716 
213 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 208,053 203,053 
Program delays ................................................................................................................. ..... [–5,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7928 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
214 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING .............................................................. 21,587 21,587  
215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .............................................................. 43,986 43,9 86 
216 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ......................... 197,486 138,400 
Transfer to Procurement for NATO AWACS ......................................................................... [–59,086 ] 
217 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ .... 28,434 28,434 
218 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ............. 180,902 180,902 
220 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............ 81,911 81,911 
221 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... .......... 3,149 3,149 
222 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... . 14,447 14,447 
223 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ...................................................................... 20,077 2 0,077 
225 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ .... 853 853 
226 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ............ 33,962 33,962 
227 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ .......... 42,864 22,864 
Forward financing .............................................................................................................. ... [–20,000 ] 
228 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ .................... 54,807 54,807 
229 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... .................... 31,010 31,010 
230 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) .......................................................... 6,802 6,802 231 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ............................. 1,799 1,799 
232 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ... 48,453 48,453 
233 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. .............................. 36,576 36,576 
235 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. 7,963 7,963 
236 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ...... 1,525 1,525 
237 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ................................................................. 112,676 6 8,400 
Program growth ................................................................................................................. .... [–44,276 ] 
238 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... 1 2,657 12,657 
239 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ........... 1,836 1,836 
240 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ..... 121 121 
241 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................ 5,9 11 5,911 
242 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... 3,604 3,604 
243 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ..... 4,598 4,598 
244 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ...................................................................... 1,103 1 ,103 
246 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................... 101,840 101,840 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .............. 12,780,142 12,780,142 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 17,010,339 16,848,499 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF .................................................. 26,473,669 25,544,751 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ................................................................................... ... 38,436 38,436 
002 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ..... 333,119 333,119 
003 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................................................................................... ......... 42,022 42,022 
004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .......................................................... 56,544 56,544 005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ........................................................................ 49,453  54,453 
STEM program increase ........................................................................................................ [5 ,000 ] 
006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS .......... 25,834 35,834 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... .... [10,000 ] 
007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................... 46,261 46,2 61 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................. 591,669 606,669 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
008 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ...... 19,352 19,352 
009 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ........ 114,262 114,262 
010 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ..................................................................... 51,026 5 1,026 
011 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ................................. 48,226 48,226 
012 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 356,358 356,3 58 
014 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ........................................................................................ ... 29,265 29,265 
015 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................... 208,111 208 ,111 
016 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ......... 13,727 13,727 
018 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ........... 314,582 309,582 
Multi-azimuth defense fast intercept round engagement system .......................................... [–5,000 ] 
019 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 220,115 201,721 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–18,394 ] 
020 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ....... 174,798 174,798 
021 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES ............................................. 155,415 155,415 022 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................... 8,824 8,824 023 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .. 37,517 37,517 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................ 1,751,578 1,728,184 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
024 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 25,91 5 25,915 
026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ............................................................... 71,171 111, 171 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... .... [40,000 ] 
027 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ..................................................................................... .... 21,782 21,782 
028 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION AND DEFEAT 290,654 290,654 030 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ................................................ 12,139 12,139 031 0603177C DISCRIMINATION SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 28, 200 28,200 
032 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ .......... 45,389 7,367 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct .................................................................... [–26,055 ] 
Move to support Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ....................................................................... [–11,967 ] 
033 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR .................................................................................................... .................. 9,876 9,876 
034 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH ................................................................................................. ............ 17,364 17,364 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7929 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
035 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 18,802 18,802 
036 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER CAPABILITY ....... 2,679 2,679 037 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 64,70 8 51,458 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. .... [–13,250 ] 
038 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ . 185,043 185,043 
039 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 12 6,692 126,692 
040 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................ ........... 14,645 14,645 
041 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ........................................................... 59,830 49,83 0 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–10,000 ] 
042 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 46 ,753 7,195 
MOKV Concept Development ................................................................................................. [–39,5 58 ] 
043 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............ 140,094 140,094 044 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH ................................................................................................... .................... 118,666 108,666 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–10,000 ] 
045 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 43,966 23,966 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–20,000 ] 
046 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ........................................................ 141,540 116,54 0 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–25,000 ] 
047 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ................................................................... 6,980 6, 980 
050 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..................... 157,056 142,056 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. .... [–15,000 ] 
051 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 33,515 41,015 
Efforts to counter-ISIL and Russian aggression .................................................................... [7,500 ] 
052 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .............................................. 16,543 16,543 053 0603713S DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY ........................................ 29,888 29,888 054 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ......................................................... 65,836 65,836 055 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT .................................. 79,037 89,037 
Trusted Source Implementation for Field Programmable Gate Arrays Study ..................... [10,000 ] 
056 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ....................................................................................... ...... 9,626 5,000 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–4,626 ] 
057 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ........................................................................... 79,021  79,021 
058 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .................................................... 201,335 201,335 059 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 452,861 4 32,861 
Excessive program growth ..................................................................................................... [– 20,000 ] 
060 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............. 257,127 257,127 
061 0603769SE DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................... 10,771 10,771 062 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE .................................................................................. . 15,202 15,202 
063 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS ................................................................................. .. 90,500 65,500 
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. .... [–25,000 ] 
066 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 1 8,377 18,377 
067 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 82,589 82,589 
068 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ......................................................... 37,420 37,420 069 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... .................... 42,488 42,488 
070 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 57,741 57, 741 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 3,229,821 3,066,865 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
071 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ........ 31,710 31,710 073 0603600D8Z WALKOFF ......................................................................................................... .......................... 90,567 90,567 
074 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM .................................................................... 15,900 1 5,900 
075 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM .............................. 52,758 52,758 076 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ......................................... 228,021 228,021 077 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ....................................... 1,284,891 1,284,891 
077A 0603XXXX MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ..................................................................................... .... 81,525 
Divert attitude control systems technology to support Multi-Object Kill Vehicle ............... [10,000 ] 
Establish MOKV Program of Record ..................................................................................... [71,525 ] 
078 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............................................ 172,754 172,754 079 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ............................................................................... 23 3,588 233,588 
080 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ....... 409,088 409,088 
080A 0603XXXC WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY—HIGH POWER DE ........................................................................... 26,055  
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct .................................................................... [26,055 ] 
081 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA .............................................................................................. ....... 400,387 400,387 
082 0603892C AEGIS BMD ......................................................................................................... ........................ 843,355 843,355 
083 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ...................................................................... 31,632 3 1,632 
084 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ............................................... 23,289 23,289 085 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
COMMUNICATI.450,085 437,785 
Future Spirals concurrency with multiple ongoing efforts and excess growth ..................... [–12,300 ] 
086 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT .......................................... 49,570 49,570 087 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ................................. 49,211 49,211 088 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH .................................................................................................. .............. 9,583 9,583 
089 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ...................................................................................... .... 72,866 72,866 
090 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... . 102,795 267,595 
Arrow 3 ........................................................................................................................ .......... [19,500 ] 
Arrow System Improvement Program ................................................................................... [45,500 ] 
David’s Sling .................................................................................................................. ....... [99,800 ] 
091 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST .................................................................................... .. 274,323 274,323 
092 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ............................................................................... 51 3,256 513,256 
093 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ........................................................................................... .......... 10,129 10,129 
094 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ............................................................................................... ................ 10,350 10,350 
095 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ............................................................. 1,518 11,518  
Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ... [10,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7930 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
096 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ............................................................................. 96,3 00 96,300 
097 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES .............................................................................. 46 9,798 469,798 
098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DE-
VELOPMENT.3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY AS-
SESSMENTS.25,200 25,200 
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) .................................................................... 137,564 137,564 
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............................................................... 278,944 298,9 44 
Redesigned kill vehicle development ..................................................................................... [20,000  ] 
107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST .............................. 26,225 26,225 108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... ................... 55,148 55,148 
109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ....................................................................... 86,764  86,764 
110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ........... 34,970 34,970 
111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 172 ,645 172,645 
112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .............................................. 64,618 64,618 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ................................................ 2,660 2,660 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........ 963 963 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ......................... 6,816,554 7,106,634 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD ............. 8,800 8,800 117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................... 78,817 88,817 
Concept development by the Army of a CPGS option ........................................................... [5,000 ] 
Concept development by the Navy of a CPGS option ............................................................ [5,000 ] 
118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD .................................................... 303,647 303,647 119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) .......................................... 23,424 23,424 120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) ..................................... 14,285 14,285 121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES ............................................... 7,156 7,156 122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 12,542 4 2 
DCMA program decrease ........................................................................................................ [– 12,500 ] 
123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................. 191 191 124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... 3,273 3,273 
125 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. . 5,962 5,962 
126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................... 13,412 13,412 127 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ..... 2,223 2,223 
128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ............................................... 31,660 31,660 129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ................................................ 13,085 13,085 130 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ............................................ 7,209 7,209 131 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ..................................................................................... 1 5,158 13,794 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ....... [–1,364 ] 
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ..................................... 4,414 4,414 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................. 545,258 541,394 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ............................................................ 5,581 5,581  
134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 3,081 3,08 1 
135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ....................... 229,125 229,125 136 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ... 28,674 21,674 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ... [–7,000 ] 
138 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ............................................... 45,235 45,235 139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS .................................................................. 24,936 24,936 
141 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .................... 35,471 35,471 144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ............. 37,655 37,655 
145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD .............................................................................. 3, 015 3,015 
146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ........................................................................... 5,28 7 5,287 
147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ............................................. 5,289 5,289 148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ...................................................................... 2,120  2,120 
149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................... 102,264 102 ,264 
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY 
TRANSFER.2,169 2,169 
159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ... 13,960 13,960 
160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) .......................................................... 51,775 51,77 5 
161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION .............................. 9,533 9,533 162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ............................................................................... 17 ,371 21,371 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... .... [4,000 ] 
163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .......... 71,571 71,571 
164 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS ................................................................................ 4, 123 4,123 
165 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ......................................................... 1,946 1,94 6 
166 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... 7,673 7,673 
169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ........................................... 10,413 10,413 170 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ........................................... 971 971 171 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE .............................................................................................. ............... 6,579 6,579 
173 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ...... 43,811 43,811 
174 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ......... 35,871 35,871 
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT—IT ........................................................................... 1,07 2 1,072 
177A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .............. 49,500 49,500 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 856,071 853,071 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
178 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) ................................................................................. 7 ,929 7,929 
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFOR-
MATION MANA.1,750 1,750 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7931 November 10, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) .... 294 294 
181 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ............................................ 22,576 22,576 182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 1,901 1,901 183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS 
(G-TSCMIS).8,474 8,474 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ....... 33,561 33,561 
186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) .................................................................... 3,061 3 ,061 
187 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ............. 64,921 64,921 
189 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ............................................................ 3,645 3,645 193 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ................................................. 963 963 194 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ............................. 10,186 10,186 195 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ..................................................................................... 3 6,883 36,883 
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) .................... 13,735 13,735 197 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... . 6,101 6,101 
198 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ....................................................................... 43,867 4 3,867 
199 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 8,957 8, 957 
200 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 146,890 14 6,890 
201 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................................... 21,503 2 1,503 
202 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION .................................................................................... 2 0,342 20,342 
203 0303170K NET-CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................... 444 44 4 
205 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............. 1,736 1,736 
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES .................................................................... 65,060 65,060 
210 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........ 2,976 2,976 
215 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............. 4,182 4,182 
216 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ..................... 18,130 18,130 
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 5,302 5,302 221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 3,239 3,239 225 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... .................. 11,733 11,733 
226 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM ............................................... 2,119 2,119 234 0708011S INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ........................................................................................... ...... 24,605 19,245 
DLA Uniform Research .......................................................................................................... [ –5,360 ] 
235 0708012S LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ..... 1,770 1,770 
236 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJCS ................................................................................................ ......... 2,978 2,978 
237 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ........................... 18,151 23,151 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ....... [5,000 ] 
238 1105232BB RQ–11 UAV ........................................................................................................ ........................... 758 758 
240 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................ 173,934 189,134 
MC–130 Terrain Following/Terrain Avoidance Radar Program .............................................. [15,200 ] 
241 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 6,866  6,866 
242 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... .... 63,008 63,008 
243 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................ 25,342 25,342 
244 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............... 3,401 3,401 
245 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............ 3,212 3,212 
246 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............... 63,597 63,597 
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ 3,933  3,933 
248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ................................................................. 10,623 10,6 23 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .............. 3,564,272 3,564,272 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 4,538,910 4,553,750 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
249 XXXXXXX DEFENSE WIDE CYBER VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT ...................................................... 200,000 
Assess all major weapon systems for cyber vulnerability ..................................................... [200,000 ] 
251 XXXXXXX TECHNOLOGY OFFSET INITIATIVE ....................................................................................... .. 300,000 
Supports innovative technology development ....................................................................... [300,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................. 500,000 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ................................................. 18,329,861 18,956,567 
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
001 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................ 7 6,838 76,838 
002 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... ..... 46,882 46,882 
003 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ............................................................... 46,838 46 ,838 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .....................................................................................
170,558 170,558 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE .............................................................. 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL RDT&E ................................................................................................................... 69,784,963 70,005,814 ’’. 
SA 2797. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and 
Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal 
year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. Not later than 30 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on leadership at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs that in-cludes, with respect to each medical center 
of the Department that has not had a perma-nent Director for a period of more than 30 days as of the date of submittal of the re-port, the following: 
(1) A description of the nature and scope of 
the lack of permanent leadership at the med-ical center. 
(2) An assessment of whether the lack of 
permanent leadership at the medical center 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.035 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7932 November 10, 2015 
is related to an increase in wait times for 
medical appointments at the medical center. 
(3) An assessment of whether the lack of 
permanent leadership at the medical center is related to inconsistencies in the quality of health care delivered and the environment in which health care is delivered. 
(4) A description of any action taken by 
the Department to correct the lack of per-manent leadership at the medical center. 
(5) A plan for how the Secretary will rem-
edy the lack of permanent leadership at the medical center, including a detailed descrip-tion of steps to be taken and a timeline for completion. 
SA 2798. Mr. TESTER (for Mrs. 
BOXER ) proposed an amendment to 
amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. Of the amounts appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this title for ‘‘
MEDICAL SERVICES ’’, not more than $5,000,000 
shall be available to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of awarding grants to veterans service agen-cies, veterans service organizations, and non-governmental organizations to provide fur-niture, household items, and other assist-ance to formerly homeless veterans who are moving into permanent housing to facilitate the settlement of such veterans in such housing. 
SA 2799. Mr. THUNE (for himself and 
Mr. R OUNDS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for him-
self, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to 
the bill H.R. 2029, making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. (a) The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs may not carry out any action de-scribed in subsection (b) at a medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Veterans Integrated Service Net-work 23 as part of a planned realignment of services from the Department until the Sec-retary has submitted to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that in-cludes the following: 
(1) A national realignment strategy for the 
Veterans Health Administration that in-cludes a detailed description of realignment plans within each Veterans Integrated Serv-ice Network. 
(2) An explanation of the process by which 
such realignment plans were developed and coordinated within each Veterans Integrated Service Network. 
(3) An analysis of the cost versus the ben-
efit of each realignment included in such re-alignment plans, including the cost of re-placing services furnished directly by the Department of Veterans Affairs with services provided under a contract with a non-De-partment entity. 
(4) An analysis of how each realignment 
will impact health care within each Veterans Integrated Service Network for the following veterans: (A) Veterans who are members of Indian 
tribes. 
(B) Veterans who live in rural or highly 
rural areas. 
(5) An analysis of how each realignment 
will impact access to and enrollment in posttraumatic stress disorder programs and residential rehabilitation treatment pro-grams of the Department and the capacity of such programs to provide services within each Veterans Integrated Service Network and nationally. 
(b) The actions described in this subsection 
are the following: 
(1) The closure of a medical facility of the 
Department. 
(2) The use of any funds of the Department 
to prepare any environment impact state-ment that is related to the closure of a med-ical facility of the Department. 
(3) Any action that— (A) diminishes the ability of veterans to 
receive health care from the Department, or diminishes the quality of such health care; and 
(B) is related to the closure of a medical 
facility of the Department. 
(c) In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the mean-
ing given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SA 2800. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law and except as provided in paragraph (3), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Director of the Indian Health Service shall enter into a memorandum of understanding, in consultation with Indian tribes that are impacted by the memo-randum of understanding, on a national or regional basis, that authorizes the Indian Health Service to pay to the Department of Veterans Affairs copayments owed to the De-partment by veterans who are beneficiaries of the Indian Health Service for services ren-dered by the Department, including services rendered under a contract with a non-De-partment health care provider, to such vet-erans pursuant to a referral from a facility of the Indian Health Service under the pur-chased and referred care program of the In-dian Health Service. 
(2) In entering into a memorandum of un-
derstanding under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and the Director of the Indian Health Service shall take into account any findings from the report re-quired under subsection (b). 
(3) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs and 
the Director of the Indian Health Service are not required to enter into a memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1) if the Sec-retary and the Director jointly certify to the appropriate committees of Congress that 
such a memorandum of understanding would— (A)(i) decrease the quality of health care 
provided to veterans who are beneficiaries of the Indian Health Service; and 
(ii) impede the access of such veterans to 
health care; or 
(B) substantially decrease the quality of or 
access to health care by individuals receiv-ing health care from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs or beneficiaries of the Indian Health Service. 
(b) Not later than 45 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report that contains— 
(1) the number, disaggregated by State, of 
veterans who are beneficiaries of the Indian Health Service and have received health care at a medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
(2) the number, disaggregated by State and 
calendar year, of veterans who are bene-ficiaries of the Indian Health Service and were referred to a medical facility of the De-partment from a facility of the Indian Health Service during the period beginning on January 1, 2010, and ending on December 31, 2015; and 
(3) an update on efforts of the Department 
to streamline health care for veterans who are beneficiaries of the Indian Health Serv-ice and have received health care at a med-ical facility of the Department and at a fa-cility of the Indian Health Service, includ-ing— 
(A) any changes to the provision of health 
care required under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.); and 
(B) any barriers to efficiently streamlining 
the provision of health care to veterans who are beneficiaries of the Indian Health Serv-ice. 
(c) In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; 
(2) the term ‘‘beneficiaries of the Indian 
Health Service’’ means individuals eligible for assistance from the Indian Health Serv-ice; and 
(3) the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the mean-
ing given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SA 2801. Mr. TESTER (for Mr. B ROWN  
(for himself and Mr. T ILLIS )) proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill 
H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 247. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
ACTION PLAN TO IMPROVE VOCA-TIONAL REHABILITATION AND EDU-CATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall de-velop and publish an action plan for improv-ing the services and assistance provided under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include each of the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.038 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7933 November 10, 2015 
(1) A comprehensive analysis of, and rec-
ommendations and a proposed implementa-tion plan for remedying workload manage-ment challenges at regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including steps to reduce counselor caseloads of vet-erans participating in a rehabilitation pro-gram under such chapter, particularly for counselors who are assisting veterans with traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder and counselors with edu-cational and vocational counseling work-loads. 
(2) A comprehensive analysis of the reasons 
for the disproportionately low percentage of veterans with service-connected disabilities who served in the Armed Forces after Sep-tember 11, 2001, who opt to participate in a rehabilitation program under such chapter relative to the percentage of such veterans who use their entitlement to educational as-sistance under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, including an analysis of bar-riers to timely enrollment in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title and of any barriers to a veteran enrolling in the program of that veteran’s choice. 
(3) Recommendations and a proposed im-
plementation plan for encouraging more vet-erans with service-connected disabilities who served in the Armed Forces after September 11, 2001, to participate in rehabilitation pro-grams under chapter 31 of such title. 
(4) A national staff training program for 
vocational rehabilitation counselors of the Department that includes the provision of— 
(A) training to assist counselors in under-
standing the very profound disorientation experienced by veterans with service-con-nected disabilities whose lives and life-plans have been upended and out of their control because of such disabilities; 
(B) training to assist counselors in work-
ing in partnership with veterans on indi-vidual rehabilitation plans; and 
(C) training on post-traumatic stress dis-
order and other mental health conditions and on moderate to severe traumatic brain injury that is designed to improve the abil-ity of such counselors to assist veterans with these conditions, including by providing in-formation on the broad spectrum of such conditions and the effect of such conditions on an individual’s abilities and functional limitations. 
SA 2802. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. None of the amounts appro-
priated or otherwise made available by this Act (or an amendment made by this Act) shall be used to implement, administer, or enforce any wage requirement under sub-chapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code, except with respect to any con-tract that is in existence on or prior to the date that is 30 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act or made pursuant to an in-vitation for bids outstanding on the date that is 30 days after such date of enactment. 
SA 2803. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2763 proposed by Mr. K
IRK(for himself, Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. MIKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2029, making 
appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available by title II may be used to pay any award or bonus under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, to any employee of the Office of Con-struction and Facilities Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 2804. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for her-
self, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. L EAHY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1356, to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effective regulations relating to such provisions; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1031 through 1034. 
SA 2805. Mr. THUNE (for Mr. C RUZ 
(for himself, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mrs. 
MURRAY )) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. T HUNE to 
the bill H.R. 2262, to facilitate a pro- growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encour-aging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS; 
REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘U.S. Commercial Space Launch Com-petitiveness Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents; ref-
erences. 
TITLE I—SPURRING PRIVATE AERO-
SPACE COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTRE-PRENEURSHIP 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. International launch competitive-
ness. 
Sec. 103. Indemnification for space flight 
participants. 
Sec. 104. Launch license flexibility. Sec. 105. Licensing report. Sec. 106. Federal jurisdiction. Sec. 107. Cross waivers. Sec. 108. Space authority. Sec. 109. Orbital traffic management. Sec. 110. Space surveillance and situational 
awareness data. 
Sec. 111. Consensus standards and extension 
of certain safety regulation re-quirements. 
Sec. 112. Government astronauts. Sec. 113. Streamline commercial space 
launch activities. 
Sec. 114. Operation and utilization of the 
ISS. 
Sec. 115. State commercial launch facilities. Sec. 116. Space support vehicles study. Sec. 117. Space launch system update. 
TITLE II—COMMERCIAL REMOTE 
SENSING 
Sec. 201. Annual reports. 
Sec. 202. Statutory update report. TITLE III—OFFICE OF SPACE COMMERCE 
Sec. 301. Renaming of office of space com-
mercialization. 
Sec. 302. Functions of the office of space 
commerce. 
TITLE IV—SPACE RESOURCE 
EXPLORATION AND UTILIZATION 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Title 51 amendment. 
Sec. 403. Disclaimer of extraterritorial sov-
ereignty. 
(c) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 51, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Except as otherwise expressly pro-
vided, wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to, or repeal of, a section or other pro-vision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 51, United States Code. 
TITLE I—SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE 
COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTREPRE-NEURSHIP 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Spurring 
Private Aerospace Competitiveness and En-trepreneurship Act of 2015’’ or ‘‘SPACE Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. INTERNATIONAL LAUNCH COMPETI-
TIVENESS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that it is in the public interest to update the methodology used to calculate the maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, with a validated risk profile approach in order to consistently compute valid and reasonable maximum probable loss values. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consulta-tion with the commercial space sector and insurance providers, shall— 
(1) evaluate the methodology used to cal-
culate the maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, and, if necessary, develop a plan to update that methodology; 
(2) in evaluating or developing a plan under 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) ensure that the Federal Government is 
not exposed to greater costs than intended and that launch companies are not required to purchase more insurance coverage than necessary; and 
(B) consider the impact of the cost to both 
the industry and the Government of imple-menting an updated methodology; and 
(3) submit the evaluation, and any plan, to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Not later 
than 270 days after the date the evaluation is submitted under subsection (b)(3), the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives an assessment of— 
(1) the analysis and conclusions provided 
by the Secretary of Transportation in the evaluation, and any plan, under subsection (b); 
(2) the implementation schedule proposed 
by the Secretary in the plan described in paragraph (1); 
(3) the suitability of the plan described in 
paragraph (1) for implementation; and 
(4) any further actions needed to imple-
ment the plan described in paragraph (1) or otherwise accomplish the purpose of this sec-tion. 
(d) L
AUNCH LIABILITY EXTENSION .—Section 
50915(f) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.038 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7934 November 10, 2015 
SEC. 103. INDEMNIFICATION FOR SPACE FLIGHT 
PARTICIPANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 509 is amended— 
(1) in section 50914(a)— (A) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(E) space flight participants.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Subparagraph (E) of paragraph (4) 
ceases to be effective September 30, 2025.’’; and 
(2) in section 50915(a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a li-
censee or transferee under this chapter, a contractor, subcontractor, or customer of the licensee or transferee, or a contractor or subcontractor of a customer, but not against a space flight participant,’’ and inserting ‘‘a person described in paragraph (3)(A)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3)(A) A person described in this subpara-
graph is— 
‘‘(i) a licensee or transferee under this 
chapter; 
‘‘(ii) a contractor, subcontractor, or cus-
tomer of the licensee or transferee; 
‘‘(iii) a contractor or subcontractor of a 
customer; or 
‘‘(iv) a space flight participant. ‘‘(B) Clause (iv) of subparagraph (A) ceases 
to be effective September 30, 2025.’’. 
SEC. 104. LAUNCH LICENSE FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 50906 is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘that will be launched or reen-tered’’ and inserting ‘‘or reusable launch ve-hicles that will be launched into a suborbital trajectory or reentered under that permit’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) research and development to test de-
sign concepts, equipment, or operating tech-niques;’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘prior to obtaining a li-
cense’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or vehicle’’ after ‘‘design 
of the rocket’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
orbital rocket design’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-orbital rocket or suborbital rocket design, or for a particular reusable launch vehicle or reusable launch vehicle design,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or 
launch vehicle’’ after ‘‘the suborbital rock-et’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (g) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(g) The Secretary may issue a permit 
under this section notwithstanding any li-cense issued under this chapter. The issuance of a license under this chapter may not in-validate a permit issued under this section.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘or reus-
able launch vehicle’’ after ‘‘suborbital rock-et’’. 
SEC. 105. LICENSING REPORT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on approaches for streamlining the licensing and permit-ting process of launch vehicles, reentry vehi-cles, or components of launch or reentry ve-hicles, to enable non-launch flight oper-ations related to space transportation. The report shall include approaches to improve efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve inconsistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints. The re-port shall also include an assessment of ex-isting private and government infrastruc-
ture, as appropriate, in future licensing ac-tivities. 
SEC. 106. FEDERAL JURISDICTION. 
Section 50914 is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(g) F EDERAL JURISDICTION .—Any claim by 
a third party or space flight participant for death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss resulting from an activity carried out under the license shall be the exclusive juris-diction of the Federal courts.’’. 
SEC. 107. CROSS WAIVERS. 
Section 50914(b)(1) is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1)(A) A launch or reentry license issued 
or transferred under this chapter shall con-tain a provision requiring the licensee or transferee to make a reciprocal waiver of claims with applicable parties involved in launch services or reentry services under which each party to the waiver agrees to be responsible for personal injury to, death of, or property damage or loss sustained by it or its own employees resulting from an activity carried out under the applicable license. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘applica-
ble parties’ means— 
‘‘(i) contractors, subcontractors, and cus-
tomers of the licensee or transferee; 
‘‘(ii) contractors and subcontractors of the 
customers; and 
‘‘(iii) space flight participants. ‘‘(C) Clause (iii) of subparagraph (B) ceases 
to be effective September 30, 2025.’’. 
SEC. 108. SPACE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, and the commercial space sector, shall— 
(1) assess current, and proposed near-term, 
commercial non-governmental activities conducted in space; 
(2) identify appropriate authorization and 
supervision authorities for the activities de-scribed in paragraph (1); 
(3) recommend an authorization and super-
vision approach that would prioritize safety, utilize existing authorities, minimize bur-dens to the industry, promote the U.S. com-mercial space sector, and meet the United States obligations under international trea-ties; and 
(4) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the activities described in para-graphs (1), (2), and (3). 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall apply to the activities of the ISS na-tional laboratory as described in section 504 of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354), including any research or de-velopment projects utilizing the ISS na-tional laboratory. 
SEC. 109. ORBITAL TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that an improved framework may be necessary for space traffic manage-ment of United States Government assets and United States private sector assets in outer space and orbital debris mitigation. 
(b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, the Chair of the Federal Communications Commission, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Sec-retary of Defense, shall enter into an ar-rangement with an independent systems en-
gineering and technical assistance organiza-tion to study alternate frameworks for the management of space traffic and orbital ac-tivities. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include the 
following: 
(1) An assessment of current regulations, 
best practices, and industry standards that apply to space traffic management and or-bital debris mitigation. 
(2) An assessment of current statutory au-
thorities granted to the Federal Communica-tions Commission, the Department of Trans-portation, and the Department of Commerce that apply to space traffic management and orbital debris mitigation and how those agencies utilize and coordinate those au-thorities. 
(3) A review of all space traffic manage-
ment and orbital debris requirements under treaties and other international agreements to which the United States is a signatory, and other nonbinding international arrange-ments in which the United States partici-pates, and the manner and extent to which the Federal Government complies with those requirements and arrangements. 
(4) An assessment of existing Federal Gov-
ernment assets used to conduct space traffic management and space situational aware-ness. 
(5) An assessment of the risk to space traf-
fic management associated with smallsats and any necessary Government coordination for their launch and utilization to avoid con-gestion of the orbital environment and im-prove space situational awareness. 
(6) An assessment of existing private sector 
information sharing activities associated with space situational awareness and space traffic management. 
(7) Recommendations related to the appro-
priate framework for the protection of the health, safety, and welfare of the public and economic vitality of the space industry. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives the study required in subsection (b). 
(e) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORI -
TIES.— 
(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department of Defense plays a vital and unique role in protecting national security assets in space. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to affect the au-thority of the Secretary of Defense as it re-lates to safeguarding the national security. 
SEC. 110. SPACE SURVEILLANCE AND SITUA-
TIONAL AWARENESS DATA. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Transportation in concurrence with the Sec-retary of Defense shall— 
(1) in consultation with the heads of other 
relevant Federal agencies, study the feasi-bility of processing and releasing safety-re-lated space situational awareness data and information to any entity consistent with national security interests and public safety obligations of the United States; and 
(2) submit a report on the feasibility study 
to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 111. CONSENSUS STANDARDS AND EXTEN-
SION OF CERTAIN SAFETY REGULA-TION REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 50905(c) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘I N GEN -
ERAL .—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.039 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7935 November 10, 2015 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘R EGULA -
TIONS .—’’ before ‘‘Regulations’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (3); (4) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (10); 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) F
ACILITATION OF STANDARDS .—The Sec-
retary shall continue to work with the com-mercial space sector, including the Commer-cial Space Transportation Advisory Com-mittee, or its successor organization, to fa-cilitate the development of voluntary indus-try consensus standards based on rec-ommended best practices to improve the safety of crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants as the commercial space sector continues to mature. 
‘‘(4) C
OMMUNICATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— 
Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to discuss potential regulatory approaches, po-tential performance standards, or any other topic related to this subsection with the commercial space industry, including obser-vations, findings, and recommendations from the Commercial Space Transportation Advi-sory Committee, or its successor organiza-tion, prior to the issuance of a notice of pro-posed rulemaking. Such discussions shall not be construed to permit the Secretary to pro-mulgate industry regulations except as oth-erwise provided in this section. 
‘‘(5) I
NTERIM VOLUNTARY INDUSTRY CON -
SENSUS STANDARDS REPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than Decem-
ber 31, 2016, and every 30 months thereafter until December 31, 2021, the Secretary, in consultation and coordination with the com-mercial space sector, including the Commer-cial Space Transportation Advisory Com-mittee, or its successor organization, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of the commercial space transportation industry in developing voluntary industry consensus standards that promote best practices to improve industry safety. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include, 
at a minimum— 
‘‘(i) any voluntary industry consensus 
standards that have been accepted by the in-dustry at large; 
‘‘(ii) the identification of areas that have 
the potential to become voluntary industry consensus standards that are currently under consideration by the industry at large; 
‘‘(iii) an assessment from the Secretary on 
the general progress of the industry in adopting voluntary industry consensus standards; 
‘‘(iv) any lessons learned about voluntary 
industry consensus standards, best practices, and commercial space launch operations; 
‘‘(v) any lessons learned associated with 
the development, potential application, and acceptance of voluntary industry consensus standards, best practices, and commercial space launch operations; and 
‘‘(vi) recommendations, findings, or obser-
vations from the Commercial Space Trans-portation Advisory Committee, or its suc-cessor organization, on the progress of the industry in developing voluntary industry consensus standards that promote best prac-tices to improve industry safety. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of the SPACE Act of 2015, the Secretary, in consultation and co-ordination with the commercial space sec-tor, including the Commercial Space Trans-portation Advisory Committee, or its suc-cessor organization, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of 
the House of Representatives a report speci-fying key industry metrics that might indi-cate readiness of the commercial space sec-tor and the Department of Transportation to transition to a safety framework that may include regulations under paragraph (9) that considers space flight participant, govern-ment astronaut, and crew safety. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than March 31 of 
each of 2018 and 2022, the Secretary, in con-sultation and coordination with the commer-cial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organization, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report that identifies the activities, described in this subsection and subsection (d) most appro-priate for a new safety framework that may include regulatory action, if any, and a pro-posed transition plan for such safety frame-work. 
‘‘(8) I
NDEPENDENT REVIEW .—Not later than 
December 31, 2022, an independent systems engineering and technical assistance organi-zation or standards development organiza-tion contracted by the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives an assessment of the readiness of the com-mercial space industry and the Federal Gov-ernment to transition to a safety framework that may include regulations. As part of the review, the contracted organization shall evaluate— 
‘‘(A) the progress of the commercial space 
industry in adopting voluntary industry con-sensus standards as reported by the Sec-retary in the interim assessments included in the reports under paragraph (5); 
‘‘(B) the progress of the commercial space 
industry toward meeting the key industry metrics identified by the report under para-graph (6), including the knowledge and oper-ational experience obtained by the commer-cial space industry while providing services for compensation or hire; and 
‘‘(C) whether the areas identified in the re-
ports under paragraph (5) are appropriate for regulatory action, or further development of voluntary industry consensus standards, considering the progress evaluated in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of this paragraph. 
‘‘(9) L
EARNING PERIOD .—Beginning on Octo-
ber 1, 2023, the Secretary may propose regu-lations under this subsection without regard to subparagraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (2). The development of any such regulations shall take into consideration the evolving standards of the commercial space flight in-dustry as identified in the reports published under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7).’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (10), as redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—’’ before 
‘‘Nothing’’. 
SEC. 112. GOVERNMENT ASTRONAUTS. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSE .—Section 
50901(15) is amended by inserting ‘‘, govern-ment astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’ each place it appears. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—The National Aer-
onautics and Space Administration has a need to fly government astronauts (as de-fined in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, as amended) within commercial launch vehicles and reentry vehicles under chapter 509 of that title. This need was iden-tified by the Secretary of Transportation and the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration due to the intended use of commercial launch vehicles and reentry vehicles developed under the Commercial Crew Development Program, au-
thorized in section 402 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (124 Stat. 2820; Public Law 111–267). It is the sense of Congress that the authority delegated to the Administration by the amendment made by subsection (d) of this section should be used for that purpose. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF GOVERNMENT ASTRO -
NAUT .—Section 50902 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(22) as paragraphs (7) through (25), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) ‘government astronaut’ means an indi-
vidual who— 
‘‘(A) is designated by the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration under sec-tion 20113(n); 
‘‘(B) is carried within a launch vehicle or 
reentry vehicle in the course of his or her employment, which may include perform-ance of activities directly relating to the launch, reentry, or other operation of the launch vehicle or reentry vehicle; and 
‘‘(C) is either— ‘‘(i) an employee of the United States Gov-
ernment, including the uniformed services, engaged in the performance of a Federal function under authority of law or an Execu-tive act; or 
‘‘(ii) an international partner astronaut. ‘‘(5) ‘international partner astronaut’ 
means an individual designated under Arti-cle 11 of the International Space Station Intergovernmental Agreement, by a partner to that agreement other than the United States, as qualified to serve as an Inter-national Space Station crew member. 
‘‘(6) ‘International Space Station Intergov-
ernmental Agreement’ means the Agreement Concerning Cooperation on the International Space Station, signed at Washington Janu-ary 29, 1998 (TIAS 12927).’’. 
(d) P
OWERS OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS  
ANDSPACE ADMINISTRATION IN PERFORMANCE  
OFFUNCTIONS .—Section 20113 is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) I DENTIFICATION OF GOVERNMENT AS-
TRONAUTS .—For purposes of a license issued 
or transferred by the Secretary of Transpor-tation under chapter 509 to launch a launch vehicle or to reenter a reentry vehicle car-rying a government astronaut (as defined in section 50902), the Administration shall des-ignate a government astronaut in accord-ance with requirements prescribed by the Administration.’’. 
(e) D
EFINITION OF LAUNCH .—Paragraph (7) 
of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘and any payload, crew, or space flight participant’’ and inserting ‘‘and any payload or human being’’. 
(f) D
EFINITION OF LAUNCH SERVICES .—Para-
graph (9) of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘payload, crew (includ-ing crew training), or space flight partici-pant’’ and inserting ‘‘payload, crew (includ-ing crew training), government astronaut, or space flight participant’’. 
(g) D
EFINITION OF REENTER AND REENTRY .— 
Paragraph (16) of section 50902, as redesig-nated, is amended by striking ‘‘and its pay-load, crew, or space flight participants, if any,’’ and inserting ‘‘and its payload or human beings, if any,’’. 
(h) D
EFINITION OF REENTRY SERVICES .— 
Paragraph (17) of section 50902, as redesig-nated, is amended by striking ‘‘payload, crew (including crew training), or space flight par-ticipant, if any,’’ and inserting ‘‘payload, crew (including crew training), government astronaut, or space flight participant, if any,’’. 
(i) D
EFINITION OF SPACE FLIGHT PARTICI -
PANT .—Paragraph (20) of section 50902, as re-
designated, is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.039 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7936 November 10, 2015 
‘‘(20) ‘space flight participant’ means an in-
dividual, who is not crew or a government astronaut, carried within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle.’’. 
(j) D
EFINITION OF THIRD PARTY .—Paragraph 
(24)(E) of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by inserting ‘‘, government astro-nauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’. 
(k) R
ESTRICTIONS ON LAUNCHES , O PER-
ATIONS , AND REENTRIES ; SINGLE LICENSE OR  
PERMIT .—Section 50904(d) is amended by 
striking ‘‘activities involving crew or space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘activities involving crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
(l) L
ICENSE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS ; A PPLICATIONS .—Section 50905 is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘crews 
and space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)(D), by striking 
‘‘crew or space flight participants’’ and in-serting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘crew and 
space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to crew 
or space flight participants’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘to crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
(m) M
ONITORING ACTIVITIES .—Section 
50907(a) is amended by striking ‘‘at a site used for crew or space flight participant training’’ and inserting ‘‘at a site not owned or operated by the Federal Government or a foreign government used for crew, govern-ment astronaut, or space flight participant training’’. 
(n) A
DDITIONAL SUSPENSIONS .—Section 
50908(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘to crew or space flight participants’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘to any human being’’. 
(o) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER EXECUTIVE  
AGENCIES , LAWS, ANDINTERNATIONAL OBLIGA -
TIONS ; NONAPPLICATION .—Section 50919(g) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) N ONAPPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This chapter does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(A) a launch, reentry, operation of a 
launch vehicle or reentry vehicle, operation of a launch site or reentry site, or other space activity the Government carries out for the Government; or 
‘‘(B) planning or policies related to the 
launch, reentry, operation, or activity under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The following 
activities are not space activities the Gov-ernment carries out for the Government under paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) A government astronaut being carried 
within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle under this chapter. 
‘‘(B) A government astronaut performing 
activities directly relating to the launch, re-entry, or other operation of the launch vehi-cle or reentry vehicle under this chapter.’’. 
SEC. 113. STREAMLINE COMMERCIAL SPACE 
LAUNCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that eliminating duplicative re-quirements and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the com-mercial space sector. 
(b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress 
reaffirms that the Secretary of Transpor-tation, in overseeing and coordinating com-mercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
(1) promote commercial space launches and 
reentries by the private sector; (2) facilitate Government, State, and pri-
vate sector involvement in enhancing U.S. launch sites and facilities; 
(3) protect public health and safety, safety 
of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States; and 
(4) consult with the head of another execu-
tive agency, including the Secretary of De-fense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to provide consistent application of licensing requirements under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation under section 50918 of title 51, United States Code, and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of that title, shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and the heads of other execu-tive agencies, as appropriate— 
(A) to identify all requirements that are 
imposed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial re-entry of a reentry vehicle; and 
(B) to evaluate the requirements identified 
in subparagraph (A) and, in coordination with the licensee or transferee and the heads of the relevant executive agencies— 
(i) determine whether the satisfaction of a 
requirement of one agency could result in the satisfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
(ii) resolve any inconsistencies and remove 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government rel-evant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter until the Secretary of Trans-portation determines no outmoded or dupli-cative requirements or approvals of the Fed-eral Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, the commercial space sector, and 
the heads of other executive agencies, as ap-propriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the congressional defense committees a report that includes the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the process for the ap-
plication for and approval of a permit or li-cense under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, for the commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle, including the identification of— 
(i) any unique requirements for operating 
on a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplica-
tive requirements or approvals. 
(B) A description of current efforts, if any, 
to coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency requirements. 
(C) Recommendations for legislation that 
may further— 
(i) streamline requirements in order to im-
prove efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve inconsistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
(ii) consolidate or modify requirements 
across affected agencies into a single appli-cation set that satisfies the requirements 
identified in paragraph (1)(A). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
(A) any applicable definitions set forth in 
section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
(B) the terms ‘‘launch’’, ‘‘reenter’’, and 
‘‘reentry’’ include landing of a launch vehi-cle or reentry vehicle; and 
(C) the terms ‘‘United States Government 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government reentry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially oper-ated on United States Government property. 
SEC. 114. OPERATION AND UTILIZATION OF THE 
ISS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) maximum utilization of partnerships, 
scientific research, commercial applications, and exploration test bed capabilities of the ISS is essential to ensuring the greatest re-turn on investments made by the United States and its international partners in the development, assembly, and operations of that unique facility; and 
(2) every effort should be made to ensure 
that decisions regarding the service life of the ISS are based on the station’s projected capability to continue providing effective and productive research and exploration test bed capabilities. 
(b) C
ONTINUATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL  
SPACE STATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 501 of the Na-
tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351) is amended— 
(A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH  
2020’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘through 
at least 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘through at least 2024’’. 
(2) M
AINTENANCE OF THE UNITED STATES  
SEGMENT AND ASSURANCE OF CONTINUED OPER -
ATIONS OF THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STA -
TION.—Section 503 of the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353) is amend-ed— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘through 
at least September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘through at least September 30, 2024’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘In car-
rying out subsection (a), the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator’’. 
(3) R
ESEARCH CAPACITY ALLOCATION AND IN -
TEGRATION OF RESEARCH PAYLOADS .—Section 
504(d) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘at least September 30, 2024’’. 
(4) M
AINTAINING USE THROUGH AT LEAST  
2024.—Section 70907 is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘§ 70907. Maintaining use through at least 
2024 
‘‘(a) P OLICY .—The Administrator shall take 
all necessary steps to ensure that the Inter-national Space Station remains a viable and productive facility capable of potential United States utilization through at least September 30, 2024. 
‘‘(b) NASA A
CTIONS .—In furtherance of the 
policy under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall ensure, to the extent prac-ticable, that the International Space Sta-tion, as a designated national laboratory— 
‘‘(1) remains viable as an element of over-
all exploration and partnership strategies and approaches; 
‘‘(2) is considered for use by all NASA mis-
sion directorates, as appropriate, for tech-nically appropriate scientific data gathering or technology risk reduction demonstra-tions; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.039 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7937 November 10, 2015 
‘‘(3) remains an effective, functional vehi-
cle providing research and test bed capabili-ties for the United States through at least September 30, 2024.’’. 
(5) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) T ABLE OF CONTENTS OF 2010 ACT .—The 
item relating to section 501 in the table of contents in section 1(b) of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (124 Stat. 2806) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2020’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS OF CHAPTER 709 .— 
The table of contents for chapter 709 is amended by amending the item relating to section 70907 to read as follows: 
‘‘70907. Maintaining use through at least 
2024.’’. 
SEC. 115. STATE COMMERCIAL LAUNCH FACILI-
TIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) State involvement, development, own-
ership, and operation of launch facilities can enable growth of the Nation’s commercial suborbital and orbital space endeavors and support both commercial and Government space programs; 
(2) State launch facilities and the people 
and property in the affected launch areas of those facilities may be subject to risks re-sulting from an activity carried out under a license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code; and 
(3) to ensure the success of the commercial 
launch industry and the safety of the people and property in the affected launch areas of those facilities, States and State launch fa-cilities should seek to take proper measures to protect themselves, to the extent of their potential liability for involvement in launch services or reentry services, and compensate third parties for possible death, bodily in-jury, or property damage or loss resulting from an activity carried out under a license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, to which the State or State launch fa-cility is involved in the launch services or reentry services. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the potential inclusion of all government property, includ-ing State and municipal property, in the ex-isting indemnification regime established under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code. 
SEC. 116. SPACE SUPPORT VEHICLES STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the use of space support vehicle services in the commercial space industry. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—This report shall include— 
(1) the extent to which launch providers 
rely on such services as part of their busi-ness models; 
(2) the statutory, regulatory, and market 
barriers to the use of such services; and 
(3) recommendations for legislative or reg-
ulatory action that may be needed to ensure reduced barriers to the use of such services if such use is a requirement of the industry. 
SEC. 117. SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM UPDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 701 is amended— 
(1) in the heading by striking ‘‘ SPACE 
SHUTTLE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SPACE LAUNCH 
SYSTEM ’’; 
(2) in section 70101— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ space shut-
tle’’ and inserting ‘‘ space launch system ’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘space launch system’’; 
(3) by amending section 70102 to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘§ 70102. Space launch system use policy 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Space Launch Sys-
tem may be used for the following cir-cumstances: 
‘‘(1) Payloads and missions that contribute 
to extending human presence beyond low- Earth orbit and substantially benefit from the unique capabilities of the Space Launch System. 
‘‘(2) Other payloads and missions that sub-
stantially benefit from the unique capabili-ties of the Space Launch System. 
‘‘(3) On a space available basis, Federal 
Government or educational payloads that are consistent with NASA’s mission for ex-ploration beyond low-Earth orbit. 
‘‘(4) Compelling circumstances, as deter-
mined by the Administrator. 
‘‘(b) A
GREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN ENTI-
TIES.—The Administrator may plan, nego-
tiate, or implement agreements with foreign entities for the launch of payloads for inter-national collaborative efforts relating to science and technology using the Space Launch System. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPELLING CIRCUMSTANCES .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date the Admin-istrator makes a determination under sub-section (a)(4), the Administrator shall trans-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science of the House of Representatives written notification of the Administrator’s intent to select the Space Launch System for a specific mission under that subsection, including justifica-tion for the determination.’’; 
(4) in section 70103— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SPACE  
SHUTTLE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SPACE LAUNCH SYS -
TEM’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘space 
shuttle’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘space launch system’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 70104. Definition of Space Launch System 
‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘Space Launch 
System’ means the Space Launch System authorized under section 302 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Au-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chap-
ters of title 51 is amended by amending the item relating to chapter 701 to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘701. Use of space launch system or 
alternatives ................................. 70101’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS OF CHAPTER 701 .— 
The table of contents of chapter 701 is amended— 
(A) in the item relating to section 70101, by 
striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘space launch system’’; 
(B) in the item relating to section 70102, by 
striking ‘‘Space shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘Space launch system’’; 
(C) in the item relating to section 70103, by 
striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘space launch system’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘70104. Definition of Space Launch System.’’. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROCURE COMMERCIAL  
SPACE TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .—Section 
50131(a) of chapter 51 is amended by inserting ‘‘or in section 70102’’ after ‘‘in this section’’. TITLE II—COMMERCIAL REMOTE SENSING 
SEC. 201. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 
601 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 60126. Annual reports 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act, and an-nually thereafter, on— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary’s implementation of sec-
tion 60121, including— 
‘‘(A) a list of all applications received in 
the previous calendar year; 
‘‘(B) a list of all applications that resulted 
in a license under section 60121; 
‘‘(C) a list of all applications denied and an 
explanation of why each application was de-nied, including any information relevant to the interagency adjudication process of a li-censing request; 
‘‘(D) a list of all applications that required 
additional information; and 
‘‘(E) a list of all applications whose dis-
position exceeded the 120 day deadline estab-lished in section 60121(c), the total days over-due for each application that exceeded such deadline, and an explanation for the delay; 
‘‘(2) all notifications and information pro-
vided to the Secretary under section 60122; and 
‘‘(3) a description of all actions taken by 
the Secretary under the administrative au-thority granted by paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of section 60123(a). 
‘‘(b) C
LASSIFIED ANNEXES .—Each report 
under subsection (a) may include classified annexes as necessary to protect the disclo-sure of sensitive or classified information. 
‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—The reporting requirement 
under this section terminates effective Sep-tember 30, 2020.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 601 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 60125 the following: 
‘‘60126. Annual reports.’’. 
SEC. 202. STATUTORY UPDATE REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Com-merce, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration’s Advisory Committee on Commer-cial Remote Sensing, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on statutory updates necessary to license pri-vate remote sensing space systems. In pre-paring the report, the Secretary shall take into account the need to protect national se-curity while maintaining United States pri-vate sector leadership in the field, and re-flect the current state of the art of remote sensing systems, instruments, or tech-nologies. 
TITLE III—OFFICE OF SPACE COMMERCE 
SEC. 301. RENAMING OF OFFICE OF SPACE COM-
MERCIALIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER HEADING .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—The heading for chapter 
507 is amended by striking ‘‘ COMMER-
CIALIZATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ COM-
MERCE ’’. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-
lating to chapter 507 in the table of chapters for title 51 is amended by striking ‘‘Commer-cialization’’ and inserting ‘‘Commerce’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF OFFICE .—Section 50701 is 
amended by striking ‘‘Commercialization’’ and inserting ‘‘Commerce’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.039 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7938 November 10, 2015 
(c) R ENAMING .—Section 50702(a) is amended 
by striking ‘‘Commercialization’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Commerce’’. 
SEC. 302. FUNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF SPACE 
COMMERCE. 
Section 50702(c) is amended by striking 
‘‘Commerce.’’ and inserting ‘‘Commerce, in-cluding— 
‘‘(1) to foster the conditions for the eco-
nomic growth and technological advance-ment of the United States space commerce industry; 
‘‘(2) to coordinate space commerce policy 
issues and actions within the Department of Commerce; 
‘‘(3) to represent the Department of Com-
merce in the development of United States policies and in negotiations with foreign countries to promote United States space commerce; 
‘‘(4) to promote the advancement of United 
States geospatial technologies related to space commerce, in cooperation with rel-evant interagency working groups; and 
‘‘(5) to provide support to Federal Govern-
ment organizations working on Space-Based Positioning Navigation, and Timing policy, including the National Coordination Office for Space-Based Position, Navigation, and Timing.’’. 
TITLE IV—SPACE RESOURCE 
EXPLORATION AND UTILIZATION 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Space Re-
source Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 402. TITLE 51 AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle V is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 513—SPACE RESOURCE COM-
MERCIAL EXPLORATION AND UTILIZA-TION 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘51301. Definitions. ‘‘51302. Commercial exploration and commer-
cial recovery. 
‘‘51303. Asteroid resource and space resource 
rights. 
‘‘§ 51301. Definitions 
‘‘In this chapter: 
‘‘(1) A
STEROID RESOURCE .—The term ‘aster-
oid resource’ means a space resource found on or within a single asteroid. 
‘‘(2) S
PACE RESOURCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘space re-
source’ means an abiotic resource in situ in outer space. 
‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘space re-
source’ includes water and minerals. 
‘‘(3) U NITED STATES CITIZEN .—The term 
‘United States citizen’ has the meaning given the term ‘citizen of the United States’ in section 50902. 
‘‘§ 51302. Commercial exploration and com-
mercial recovery 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The President, acting 
through appropriate Federal agencies, shall— 
‘‘(1) facilitate commercial exploration for 
and commercial recovery of space resources by United States citizens; 
‘‘(2) discourage government barriers to the 
development in the United States of eco-nomically viable, safe, and stable industries for commercial exploration for and commer-cial recovery of space resources in manners consistent with the international obligations of the United States; and 
‘‘(3) promote the right of United States 
citizens to engage in commercial exploration for and commercial recovery of space re-sources free from harmful interference, in accordance with the international obliga-tions of the United States and subject to au-thorization and continuing supervision by the Federal Government. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this section, the President shall submit to Congress a report on commercial exploration for and commer-cial recovery of space resources by United States citizens that specifies— 
‘‘(1) the authorities necessary to meet the 
international obligations of the United States, including authorization and con-tinuing supervision by the Federal Govern-ment; and 
‘‘(2) recommendations for the allocation of 
responsibilities among Federal agencies for the activities described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘§ 51303. Asteroid resource and space re-
source rights 
‘‘A United States citizen engaged in com-
mercial recovery of an asteroid resource or a space resource under this chapter shall be entitled to any asteroid resource or space re-source obtained, including to possess, own, transport, use, and sell the asteroid resource or space resource obtained in accordance with applicable law, including the inter-national obligations of the United States.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of 
chapters for title 51 is amended by adding at the end of the items for subtitle V the fol-lowing: 
‘‘513. Space resource commercial ex-
ploration and utilization ............. 51301’’. 
SEC. 403. DISCLAIMER OF EXTRATERRITORIAL 
SOVEREIGNTY. 
It is the sense of Congress that by the en-
actment of this Act, the United States does not thereby assert sovereignty or sovereign or exclusive rights or jurisdiction over, or the ownership of, any celestial body. 
SA 2806. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. 
ISAKSON ) proposed an amendment to 
the bill S. 1203, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs of claims for benefits under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Beginning on page 29, strike line 1 and all 
that follows through page 32, line 20, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORTS ON PUBLIC ACCESS TO DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on in-creasing public access to scientific publica-
tions and digital data from research funded by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of where on the Internet 
website of the Department the public will be able to access results of research funded by the Department or be referred to other sources to access the results of research funded by the Department. 
(2) A description of the progress made by 
the Department in meeting public access re-quirements set forth in the Federal Register notice entitled ‘‘Policy and Implementation Plan for Public Access to Scientific Publica-tions and Digital Data from Research Fund-ed by the Department of Veterans Affairs’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 60751), including the following: 
(A) Compliance of Department investiga-
tors with requirements relating to ensuring that research funded by the Department is accessible by the public. 
(B) Ensuring data management plans of 
the Department include provisions for long- term preservation of the scientific data re-
sulting from research funded by the Depart-ment. 
(3) An explanation of the factors used to 
evaluate the merit of data management plans of research funded by the Veterans Health Administration. 
(4) An explanation of the process of the De-
partment in effect that enables stakeholders to petition a change to the embargo period for a specific field and the factors considered during such process. 
On page 33, line 6, strike ‘‘45’’ and insert 
‘‘72’’. 
On page 43, strike lines 7 through 11 and in-
sert the following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—In carrying out the edu-
cation and training program required under section 7302(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall include education and training of marriage and family therapists and licensed profes-sional mental health counselors. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Beginning on page 43, strike line 19 and all 
that follows through page 44, line 9. 
Beginning on page 65, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through page 70, line 8. 
Beginning on page 91, strike line 22 and all 
that follows through page 92, line 1, and in-sert the following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—During the 10-year period 
beginning on September 26, 2015, the second sentence of subsection (c) of section 3684 of title 38, United States Code, shall be ap-plied— 
(1) by substituting ‘‘$8’’ for ‘‘$12’’; and (2) by substituting ‘‘$12’’ for ‘‘$15’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 406 
of the Department of Veterans Affairs Expir-ing Authorities Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 175; 38 U.S.C. 3684 note), as amended by sec-tion 410 of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–58), is hereby repealed. 
SA 2807. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ) proposed an amendment 
to the resolution S. Res. 302, expressing the sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in condemnation of Pales-tinian terror attacks; as follows: 
On page 5, line 1, strike ‘‘the President 
and’’. 
SA 2808. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ) proposed an amendment 
to the resolution S. Res. 302, expressing the sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in condemnation of Pales-tinian terror attacks; as follows: 
Insert after the eleventh whereas clause of 
the preamble the following: 
Whereas President Barack Obama con-
demned in the strongest terms Palestinian violence against innocent Israeli citizens and expressed his ‘‘strong belief that Israel has not just the right, but the obligation to pro-tect itself’’; 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 10, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.039 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7939 November 10, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 10, 2015, at 9:45 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Campaign against ISIS in Syria.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 10, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
21ST CENTURY VETERANS 
BENEFITS DELIVERY ACT 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 267, S. 1203. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1203) to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the processing by the Department of Veterans Affairs of claims for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery and Other Improvements Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—HEALTH CARE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Expansion and Improvement of 
Health Care Benefits 
Sec. 101. Improved access to appropriate immu-
nizations for veterans. 
Sec. 102. Expansion of provision of chiropractic 
care and services to veterans. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 111. Expansion of availability of prosthetic 
and orthotic care for veterans. 
Sec. 112. Public access to Department of Vet-
erans Affairs research and data sharing between Departments. 
Sec. 113. Revival of Intermediate Care Techni-
cian Pilot Program of Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 114. Transfer of health care provider 
credentialing data from Secretary of Defense to Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 115. Examination and treatment by De-
partment of Veterans Affairs for emergency medical conditions and women in labor. 
Subtitle C—Improvement of Medical Workforce 
Sec. 121. Inclusion of mental health profes-
sionals in education and training program for health personnel of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Sec. 122. Expansion of qualifications for li-
censed mental health counselors of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to include doctoral degrees. 
Sec. 123. Requirement that physician assistants 
employed by the Department of Veterans Affairs receive competi-tive pay. 
Sec. 124. Report on medical workforce of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs. 
TITLE II—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
BENEFITS MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Benefits Claims Submission 
Sec. 201. Participation of veterans service orga-
nizations in Transition Assistance Program. 
Sec. 202. Requirement that Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs publish the average time required to adjudicate timely and untimely appeals. 
Sec. 203. Determination of manner of appear-
ance for hearings before Board of Veterans’ Appeals. 
Subtitle B—Practices of Regional Offices 
Relating to Benefits Claims 
Sec. 211. Comptroller General review of claims 
processing performance of re-gional offices of Veterans Benefits Administration. 
Sec. 212. Inclusion in annual budget submission 
of information on capacity of Vet-erans Benefits Administration to process benefits claims. 
Sec. 213. Report on staffing levels at regional 
offices of Department of Veterans Affairs after transition to Na-tional Work Queue. 
Sec. 214. Annual report on progress in imple-
menting Veterans Benefits Man-agement System. 
Sec. 215. Report on plans of Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs to reduce inventory of non-rating workload. 
Sec. 216. Sense of Congress on increased trans-
parency relating to claims for benefits and appeals of decisions relating to benefits in Monday Morning Workload Report. 
Subtitle C—Other Benefits Matters 
Sec. 221. Modification of pilot program for use 
of contract physicians for dis-ability examinations. 
Sec. 222. Development of procedures to increase 
cooperation with National Guard Bureau. 
Sec. 223. Review of determination of certain 
service in Philippines during World War II. 
Sec. 224. Reports on Department disability med-
ical examinations and prevention of unnecessary medical examina-tions. 
Sec. 225. Sense of Congress on submittal of in-
formation relating to claims for disabilities incurred or aggravated by military sexual trauma. 
TITLE III—EDUCATION MATTERS 
Sec. 301. Retention of entitlement to edu-
cational assistance during certain additional periods of active duty. 
Sec. 302. Reports on progress of students receiv-
ing Post-9/11 Educational Assist-ance. 
Sec. 303. Secretary of Defense report on level of 
education attained by those who transfer entitlement to Post-9/11 educational assistance. Sec. 304. Reports on educational levels attained 
by certain members of the Armed Forces at time of separation from the Armed Forces. 
TITLE IV—EMPLOYMENT AND TRANSITION 
MATTERS 
Sec. 401. Required coordination between Direc-
tors for Veterans’ Employment and Training with State depart-ments of labor and veterans af-fairs. 
Sec. 402. Report on job fairs attended by one- 
stop career center employees at which such employees encounter veterans. 
Sec. 403. Review of challenges faced by employ-
ers seeking to hire veterans and sharing of information among Federal agencies that serve vet-erans. 
Sec. 404. Review of Transition GPS Program 
Core Curriculum. 
Sec. 405. Modification of requirement for provi-
sion of preseparation counseling. 
TITLE V—VETERAN SMALL BUSINESS 
MATTERS 
Sec. 501. Modification of treatment under con-
tracting goals and preferences of Department of Veterans Affairs for small businesses owned by vet-erans of small businesses after death of disabled veteran owners. 
Sec. 502. Treatment of businesses after deaths 
of servicemember-owners for pur-poses of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences. 
TITLE VI—BURIAL MATTERS 
Sec. 601. Department of Veterans Affairs study 
on matters relating to burial of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries. 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 701. Honoring as veterans certain persons 
who performed service in the re-serve components of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 702. Report on Laotian military support of 
Armed Forces of the United States during Vietnam War. 
Sec. 703. Restoration of prior reporting fee mul-
tipliers. 
TITLE I—HEALTH CARE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Expansion and Improvement of 
Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 101. IMPROVED ACCESS TO APPROPRIATE 
IMMUNIZATIONS FOR VETERANS. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF RECOMMENDED ADULT IM-
MUNIZATIONS AS MEDICAL SERVICES .— 
(1) C OVERED BENEFIT .—Subparagraph (F) of 
section 1701(9) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(F) immunizations against infectious dis-
eases, including each immunization on the rec-ommended adult immunization schedule at the time such immunization is indicated on that schedule;’’. 
(2) R
ECOMMENDED ADULT IMMUNIZATION  
SCHEDULE DEFINED .—Section 1701 of such title is 
amended by adding after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) The term ‘recommended adult immuniza-
tion schedule’ means the schedule established (and periodically reviewed and, as appropriate, revised) by the Advisory Committee on Immuni-zation Practices established by the Secretary of Health and Human Services and delegated to the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion.’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF RECOMMENDED ADULT IM-
MUNIZATIONS IN ANNUAL REPORT .—Section 
1704(1)(A) of such title is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.032 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7940 November 10, 2015 
(3) by inserting after clause (ii) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(iii) to provide veterans each immunization 
on the recommended adult immunization sched-ule at the time such immunization is indicated on that schedule.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the devel-opment and implementation by the Department of Veterans Affairs of quality measures and metrics, including targets for compliance, to en-sure that veterans receiving medical services under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, receive each immunization on the recommended adult immunization schedule at the time such immunization is indicated on that schedule. 
(2) R
ECOMMENDED ADULT IMMUNIZATION  
SCHEDULE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘recommended adult immunization schedule’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1701(10) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. 102. EXPANSION OF PROVISION OF CHIRO-
PRACTIC CARE AND SERVICES TO VETERANS. 
(a) P ROGRAM FOR PROVISION OF CHIROPRACTIC  
CARE AND SERVICES TO VETERANS .—Section 
204(c) of the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 (Public Law 107–135; 115 Stat. 2459; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The program’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The program shall be carried out at not 
fewer than two medical centers or clinics in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than two years after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery and Other Improvements Act, and at not fewer than 50 percent of all medical centers in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than three years after such date of en-actment.’’. 
(b) E
XPANDED CHIROPRACTOR SERVICES AVAIL-
ABLE TO VETERANS .— 
(1) M EDICAL SERVICES .—Paragraph (6) of sec-
tion 1701 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) Chiropractic services.’’. (2) R
EHABILITATIVE SERVICES .—Paragraph (8) 
of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘chiro-practic,’’ after ‘‘counseling,’’. 
(3) P
REVENTIVE HEALTH SERVICES .—Paragraph 
(9) of such section is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) 
through (K) as subparagraphs (G) through (L), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following new subparagraph (F): 
‘‘(F) periodic and preventive chiropractic ex-
aminations and services;’’. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 111. EXPANSION OF AVAILABILITY OF PROS-
THETIC AND ORTHOTIC CARE FOR VETERANS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OR EXPANSION OF AD-
VANCED DEGREE PROGRAMS TO EXPAND AVAIL-
ABILITY OF PROVISION OF CARE.—The Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs shall work with institutions of higher education to develop partnerships for the establishment or expansion of programs of advanced degrees in prosthetics and orthotics in order to improve and enhance the availability of high quality prosthetic and orthotic care for vet-erans. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the effective date specified in subsection (d), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives a report setting forth a plan for carrying out subsection (a). The Secretary shall develop the plan in consultation with veterans service organizations, institutions of higher education with accredited degree programs in prosthetics and orthotics, and representatives of the pros-thetics and orthotics field. 
(c) F
UNDING .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, $5,000,000 to carry out this sec-tion. 
(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated by paragraph (1) shall remain available for expenditure until September 30, 2019. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. PUBLIC ACCESS TO DEPARTMENT OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS RESEARCH AND DATA SHARING BETWEEN DEPART-MENTS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF INTERNET WEBSITE .— 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make available on an Internet website of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs available to the public the following: 
(1) Data files that contain information on re-
search of the Department. 
(2) A data dictionary on each data file. (3) Instructions for how to obtain access to 
each data file for use in research. 
(b) P
UBLIC ACCESS TO MANUSCRIPTS ON DE-
PARTMENT FUNDED RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 18 
months after the effective date specified in sub-section (e), the Secretary shall require, as a con-dition on the use of any data gathered or formu-lated from research funded by the Department, that any final, peer-reviewed manuscript pre-pared for publication that uses such data be submitted to the Secretary for deposit in the dig-ital archive under paragraph (2) and publica-tion under paragraph (3). 
(2) D
IGITAL ARCHIVE .—Not later than 18 
months after the effective date specified in sub-section (e), the Secretary shall— 
(A) establish a digital archive consisting of 
manuscripts described in paragraph (1); or 
(B) partner with another executive agency to 
compile such manuscripts in a digital archive. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .— 
(A) A VAILABILITY OF ARCHIVE .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the digital archive under para-graph (2) and the contents of such archive are available to the public via a publicly accessible Internet website at no cost to the public. 
(B) A
VAILABILITY OF MANUSCRIPTS .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure that each manuscript sub-mitted to the Secretary under paragraph (1) is available to the public under subparagraph (A) not later than one year after the official date on which the manuscript is otherwise published. 
(4) C
ONSISTENT WITH COPYRIGHT LAW .—The 
Secretary shall carry out this subsection in a manner consistent with applicable copyright law. 
(5) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date the Secretary begins making manuscripts available to the public under this subsection and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of this subsection during the most recent one-year period. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under 
subparagraph (A) shall include for the period of the report: 
(i) The number of manuscripts submitted 
under paragraph (1). 
(ii) The titles of such manuscripts. (iii) The authors of such manuscripts. (iv) For each such manuscript, the name and 
issue number or volume number, as the case may be, of the journal or other publication in which such manuscript was published. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR DATASHARING BE-
TWEEN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND  
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Not later than one 
year after the effective date specified in sub-section (e), the Department of Veterans Affairs- Department of Defense Joint Executive Com-mittee established by section 320(a) of title 38, United States Code, shall submit to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense options and recommendations for the establishment of a program for long-term co-operation and data sharing between and within the Department of Veterans Affairs and the De-partment of Defense to facilitate research on outcomes of military service, readjustment after combat deployment, and other topics of impor-tance to the following: 
(1) Veterans. (2) Members of the Armed Forces. (3) Family members of veterans. (4) Family members of members of the Armed 
Forces. 
(5) Members of communities that have a sig-
nificant population of veterans or members of the Armed Forces. 
(d) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 113. REVIVAL OF INTERMEDIATE CARE 
TECHNICIAN PILOT PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) R EVIVAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs shall revive the Intermediate Care Techni-cian Pilot Program of the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs that was carried out by the Sec-retary between January 2013 and February 2014. 
(b) T
ECHNICIANS .— 
(1) S ELECTION .—The Secretary shall select not 
less than 45 intermediate care technicians to participate in the pilot program. 
(2) F
ACILITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Any intermediate care tech-
nician hired pursuant to paragraph (1) may be assigned to a medical facility of the Department as determined by the Secretary for purposes of this section. 
(B) P
RIORITY .—In assigning intermediate care 
technicians under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall give priority to facilities at which veterans have the longest wait times for ap-pointments for the receipt of hospital care or medical services from the Department, as deter-mined by the Secretary for purposes of this sec-tion. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary shall carry 
out the pilot program under subsection (a) dur-ing the three-year period beginning on the effec-tive date specified in subsection (e). 
(d) H
OSPITAL CARE AND MEDICAL SERVICES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the terms ‘‘hospital 
care’’ and ‘‘medical services’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 114. TRANSFER OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDER 
CREDENTIALING DATA FROM SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE TO SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In a case in which the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs hires a covered health care provider, the Secretary of Defense shall, after receiving a request from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for the credentialing data of the Secretary of Defense relating to such health care provider, transfer to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs such credentialing data. 
(b) C
OVERED HEALTH CAREPROVIDERS .—For 
purposes of this section, a covered provider is a health care provider who— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.046 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7941 November 10, 2015 
(1) is or was employed by the Secretary of De-
fense; 
(2) provides or provided health care related 
services as part of such employment; and 
(3) was credentialed by the Secretary of De-
fense. 
(c) P OLICIES AND REGULATIONS .—The Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall establish such policies and pro-mulgate such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
(d) C
REDENTIALING DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘credentialing’’ means the systematic process of screening and evaluating qualifica-tions and other credentials, including licensure, required education, relevant training and expe-rience, and current competence and health sta-tus. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 115. EXAMINATION AND TREATMENT BY DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDI-TIONS AND WOMEN IN LABOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter VIII of chapter 
17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1784 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1784A. Examination and treatment for 
emergency medical conditions and women in labor 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case of a hospital of 
the Department that has an emergency depart-ment, if any individual comes to the hospital or the campus of the hospital and a request is made on behalf of the individual for examina-tion or treatment for a medical condition, the hospital must provide for an appropriate med-ical screening examination within the capability of the emergency department, including ancil-lary services routinely available to the emer-gency department, to determine whether or not an emergency medical condition exists. 
‘‘(b) N
ECESSARY STABILIZING TREATMENT FOR  
EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITIONS AND LABOR .— 
(1) If any individual comes to a hospital of the Department that has an emergency department or the campus of such a hospital and the hos-pital determines that the individual has an emergency medical condition, the hospital must provide either— 
‘‘(A) within the staff and facilities available 
at the hospital, for such further medical exam-ination and such treatment as may be required to stabilize the medical condition; or 
‘‘(B) for transfer of the individual to another 
medical facility in accordance with subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) A hospital is deemed to meet the require-
ment of paragraph (1)(A) with respect to an in-dividual if the hospital offers the individual the further medical examination and treatment de-scribed in that paragraph and informs the indi-vidual (or a person acting on behalf of the indi-vidual) of the risks and benefits to the indi-vidual of such examination and treatment, but the individual (or a person acting on behalf of the individual) refuses to consent to the exam-ination and treatment. The hospital shall take all reasonable steps to secure the written in-formed consent of the individual (or person) to refuse such examination and treatment. 
‘‘(3) A hospital is deemed to meet the require-
ment of paragraph (1) with respect to an indi-vidual if the hospital offers to transfer the indi-vidual to another medical facility in accordance with subsection (c) and informs the individual (or a person acting on behalf of the individual) of the risks and benefits to the individual of such transfer, but the individual (or a person acting on behalf of the individual) refuses to consent to the transfer. The hospital shall take all reasonable steps to secure the written in-formed consent of the individual (or person) to refuse such transfer. 
‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTING TRANSFERS UNTIL INDI-
VIDUAL STABILIZED .—(1) If an individual at a hospital of the Department has an emergency 
medical condition that has not been stabilized, the hospital may not transfer the individual un-less— 
‘‘(A)(i) the individual (or a legally responsible 
person acting on behalf of the individual), after being informed of the obligations of the hospital under this section and of the risk of transfer, re-quests, in writing, transfer to another medical facility; 
‘‘(ii) a physician of the Department has 
signed a certification that, based upon the in-formation available at the time of transfer, the medical benefits reasonably expected from the provision of appropriate medical treatment at another medical facility outweigh the increased risks to the individual and, in the case of labor, to the unborn child from effecting the transfer; or 
‘‘(iii) if a physician of the Department is not 
physically present in the emergency department at the time an individual is transferred, a quali-fied medical person (as defined by the Secretary for purposes of this section) has signed a certifi-cation described in clause (ii) after a physician of the Department, in consultation with the per-son, has made the determination described in such clause, and subsequently countersigns the certification; and 
‘‘(B) the transfer is an appropriate transfer to 
that facility. 
‘‘(2) A certification described in clause (ii) or 
(iii) of paragraph (1)(A) shall include a sum-mary of the risks and benefits upon which the certification is based. 
‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (1)(B), an ap-
propriate transfer to a medical facility is a transfer— 
‘‘(A) in which the transferring hospital pro-
vides the medical treatment within its capacity that minimizes the risks to the health of the in-dividual and, in the case of a woman in labor, the health of the unborn child; 
‘‘(B) in which the receiving facility— ‘‘(i) has available space and qualified per-
sonnel for the treatment of the individual; and 
‘‘(ii) has agreed to accept transfer of the indi-
vidual and to provide appropriate medical treat-ment; 
‘‘(C) in which the transferring hospital sends 
to the receiving facility all medical records (or copies thereof) available at the time of the transfer relating to the emergency medical con-dition for which the individual has presented, including— 
‘‘(i) observations of signs or symptoms; ‘‘(ii) preliminary diagnosis; ‘‘(iii) treatment provided; ‘‘(iv) the results of any tests; and 
‘‘(v) the informed written consent or certifi-
cation (or copy thereof) provided under para-graph (1)(A); 
‘‘(D) in which the transfer is effected through 
qualified personnel and transportation equip-ment, including the use of necessary and medi-cally appropriate life support measures during the transfer; and 
‘‘(E) that meets such other requirements as 
the Secretary considers necessary in the interest of the health and safety of individuals trans-ferred. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘campus’ means, with respect to 
a hospital of the Department— 
‘‘(A) the physical area immediately adjacent 
to the main buildings of the hospital; 
‘‘(B) other areas and structures that are not 
strictly contiguous to the main buildings but are located not less than 250 yards from the main buildings; and 
‘‘(C) any other areas determined by the Sec-
retary to be part of the campus of the hospital. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘emergency medical condition’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a medical condition manifesting itself by 
acute symptoms of sufficient severity (including severe pain) such that the absence of immediate medical attention could reasonably be expected to result in— ‘‘(i) placing the health of the individual (or, 
with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeop-ardy; 
‘‘(ii) serious impairment to bodily functions; 
or 
‘‘(iii) serious dysfunction of any bodily organ 
or part; or 
‘‘(B) with respect to a pregnant woman who is 
having contractions— 
‘‘(i) that there is inadequate time to effect a 
safe transfer to another hospital before delivery; or 
‘‘(ii) that transfer may pose a threat to the 
health or safety of the woman or the unborn child. 
‘‘(3)(A) The term ‘to stabilize’ means, with re-
spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A), to provide such medical treatment of the condition as may be necessary to assure, within reasonable medical probability, that no material deterioration of the condition is likely to result from or occur during the transfer of the individual from a facility, or, with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph (2)(B), to deliver (in-cluding the placenta). 
‘‘(B) The term ‘stabilized’ means, with respect 
to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph (2)(A), that no material deterioration of the condition is likely, within reasonable medical probability, to result from or occur dur-ing the transfer of the individual from a facility, or, with respect to an emergency medical condi-tion described in paragraph (2)(B), that the woman has delivered (including the placenta). 
‘‘(4) The term ‘transfer’ means the movement 
(including the discharge) of an individual out-side the facilities of a hospital of the Depart-ment at the direction of any person employed by (or affiliated or associated, directly or indi-rectly, with) the hospital, but does not include such a movement of an individual who— 
‘‘(A) has been declared dead; or ‘‘(B) leaves the facility without the permission 
of any such person.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1784 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1784A. Examination and treatment for 
emergency medical conditions and women in labor.’’. 
Subtitle C—Improvement of Medical 
Workforce 
SEC. 121. INCLUSION OF MENTAL HEALTH PRO-
FESSIONALS IN EDUCATION AND TRAINING PROGRAM FOR HEALTH PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
In carrying out the education and training 
program required under section 7302(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall include education and training of marriage and family therapists and licensed professional mental health counselors. 
SEC. 122. EXPANSION OF QUALIFICATIONS FOR 
LICENSED MENTAL HEALTH COUN-SELORS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INCLUDE DOCTORAL DEGREES. 
Section 7402(b)(11)(A) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or doctoral de-gree’’ after ‘‘master’s degree’’. 
SEC. 123. REQUIREMENT THAT PHYSICIAN AS-
SISTANTS EMPLOYED BY THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RECEIVE COMPETITIVE PAY. 
Section 7451(a)(2) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-
paragraph (C); 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph (B): 
‘‘(B) Physician assistant.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and registered nurse’’ and inserting ‘‘registered nurse, and physician assistant’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.046 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7942 November 10, 2015 
SEC. 124. REPORT ON MEDICAL WORKFORCE OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the med-ical workforce of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) With respect to licensed professional men-
tal health counselors and marriage and family therapists of the Department— 
(A) how many such counselors and therapists 
are currently enrolled in the mental health pro-fessionals trainee program of the Department; 
(B) how many such counselors and therapists 
are expected to enroll in the mental health pro-fessionals trainee program of the Department during the 180-day period beginning on the date of the submittal of the report; 
(C) a description of the eligibility criteria for 
such counselors and therapists as compared to other behavioral health professions in the De-partment; 
(D) a description of the objectives, goals, and 
timing of the Department with respect to in-creasing the representation of such counselors and therapists in the behavioral health work-force of the Department; and 
(E) a description of the actions taken by the 
Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, to create an occupational series for such counselors and therapists and a timeline for the creation of such an occupational series. 
(2) A breakdown of spending by the Depart-
ment in connection with the education debt re-duction program of the Department under sub-chapter VII of chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, including— 
(A) the amount spent by the Department in 
debt reduction payments during the three-year period preceding the submittal of the report disaggregated by the medical profession of the individual receiving the payments; 
(B) a description of how the Department 
prioritizes such spending by medical profession, including an assessment of whether such pri-ority reflects the five occupations identified in the most recent determination by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs as having the largest staffing shortages in the Veterans Health Administration; and 
(C) a description of the actions taken by the 
Secretary to increase the effectiveness of such spending for purposes of recruitment of health care providers to the Department, including ef-forts to more consistently include eligibility for the education debt reduction program in va-cancy announcements of positions for health care providers at the Department. 
(3) A description of any impediments to the 
delivery by the Department of telemedicine serv-ices to veterans and any actions taken by the Department to address such impediments, in-cluding with respect to— 
(A) restrictions under Federal or State laws; (B) licensing or credentialing issues for health 
care providers, including non-Department health care providers, practicing telemedicine with a veteran located in a different State; 
(C) the effect of limited broadband access or 
limited information technology capabilities on the delivery of health care; 
(D) the distance a veteran is required to travel 
to access a facility or clinic with telemedicine capabilities; 
(E) the effect on the provision of telemedicine 
services to veterans of policies of and limited li-ability protection for certain entities; and 
(F) issues relating to reimbursement and trav-
el limitations for veterans that affect the partici-pation of non-Department health care providers in the telemedicine program. (4) An update on the efforts of the Secretary 
to offer training opportunities in telemedicine to medical residents in medical facilities of the De-partment that use telemedicine, consistent with medical residency program requirements estab-lished by the Accreditation Council for Grad-uate Medical Education, as required in section 108(b) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 38 U.S.C. 7406 note). 
(5) An assessment of the development and im-
plementation by the Secretary of succession planning policies to address the prevalence of vacancies in positions in the Veterans Health Administration of more than 180 days, including the development of an enterprise position man-agement system to more effectively identify, track, and resolve such vacancies. 
(6) A description of the actions taken by the 
Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, to address any impediments to the timely appointment and determination of qualifications for Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks and Med-ical Directors of the Department. 
TITLE II—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
BENEFITS MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Benefits Claims Submission 
SEC. 201. PARTICIPATION OF VETERANS SERVICE 
ORGANIZATIONS IN TRANSITION AS-SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in col-laboration with the Secretary of Labor, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, should establish a process by which a representative of a veterans service organization may be present at any portion of the program carried out under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the sub-mittal of claims to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for compensation under chapter 11 or 13 of title 38, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on participation of veterans service orga-nizations in the program carried out under sec-tion 1144 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the compliance of facili-
ties of the Department of Defense with the di-rectives included in the memorandum of the Sec-retary of Defense entitled ‘‘Installation Access and Support Services for Nonprofit Non-Federal Entities’’ and dated December 23, 2014. 
(B) The number of military bases that have 
complied with such directives. 
(C) How many veterans service organizations 
have been present at a portion of a program as described in subsection (a). 
(c) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veterans serv-
ice organization’’ means any organization rec-ognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38. 
SEC. 202. REQUIREMENT THAT SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS PUBLISH THE AVERAGE TIME REQUIRED TO ADJU-DICATE TIMELY AND UNTIMELY AP-PEALS. 
(a) P UBLICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On an ongoing basis, the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make avail-able to the public the following: 
(A) The average length of time to adjudicate 
a timely appeal. 
(B) The average length of time to adjudicate 
an untimely appeal. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Paragraph (1) shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply until the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 39 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on whether publication pursuant to subsection (a)(1) has had an effect on the number of timely appeals filed. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The number of appeals and timely appeals 
that were filed during the one-year period end-ing on the effective date specified in subsection (a)(2). 
(B) The number of appeals and timely appeals 
that were filed during the one-year period end-ing on the date that is two years after the effec-tive date specified in subsection (a)(2). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPEAL .—The term ‘‘appeal’’ means a no-
tice of disagreement filed pursuant to section 7105(a) of title 38, United States Code, in re-sponse to notice of the result of an initial review or determination regarding a claim for a benefit under a law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
(2) T
IMELY .—The term ‘‘timely’’ with respect 
to an appeal means that the notice of disagree-ment was filed not more than 180 days after the date of mailing of the notice of the result of the initial review or determination described in paragraph (1). 
(3) U
NTIMELY .—The term ‘‘untimely’’ with re-
spect to an appeal means the notice of disagree-ment was filed more than 180 days after the date of mailing of the notice of the result of the ini-tial review or determination described in para-graph (1). 
SEC. 203. DETERMINATION OF MANNER OF AP-
PEARANCE FOR HEARINGS BEFORE BOARD OF VETERANS’ APPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7107 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (e); (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (f) as 
subsections (f) and (g), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsections (d) and (e): 
‘‘(d)(1) Subject to paragraph (2), a hearing be-
fore the Board shall be conducted, as the Board considers appropriate— 
‘‘(A) in person; or ‘‘(B) through picture and voice transmission, 
by electronic or other means, in such manner that the appellant is not present in the same lo-cation as the member or members of the Board during the hearing. 
‘‘(2) Upon request by an appellant, a hearing 
before the Board shall be conducted, as the ap-pellant considers appropriate— 
‘‘(A) in person; or ‘‘(B) through picture and voice transmission 
as described in paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(e)(1) In a case in which a hearing before the 
Board is to be conducted through picture and voice transmission as described in subsection (d)(1)(B), the Secretary shall provide suitable facilities and equipment to the Board or other components of the Department to enable an ap-pellant located at an appropriate facility within the area served by a regional office to partici-pate as so described. 
‘‘(2) Any hearing conducted through picture 
and voice transmission as described in sub-section (d)(1)(B) shall be conducted in the same manner as, and shall be considered the equiva-lent of, a personal hearing.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘An appellant may request’’ and all that follows through ‘‘office of the Department’’ and inserting ‘‘In a case in which a hearing before the Board is to be con-ducted in person, the hearing shall be held at the principal location of the Board or at a facil-ity of the Department located within the area served by a regional office of the Department’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.046 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7943 November 10, 2015 
subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsection 
(g)’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to cases received by the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals pursuant to notices of disagreement sub-mitted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Practices of Regional Offices 
Relating to Benefits Claims 
SEC. 211. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF 
CLAIMS PROCESSING PERFORMANCE OF REGIONAL OFFICES OF VET-ERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 15 
months after the effective date specified in sub-section (e), the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a review of the re-gional offices of the Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration to help the Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration achieve more consistent performance in the processing of claims for disability compensa-tion. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An identification of the following: 
(A) The factors, including management prac-
tices, that distinguish higher performing re-gional offices from other regional offices with respect to claims for disability compensation. 
(B) The best practices employed by higher per-
forming regional offices that distinguish the per-formance of such offices from other regional of-fices. 
(C) Such other management practices or tools 
as the Comptroller General determines could be used to improve the performance of regional of-fices. 
(2) An assessment of the effectiveness of com-
munication with respect to the processing of claims for disability compensation between the regional offices and veterans service organiza-tions and caseworkers employed by Members of Congress. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 15 months after 
the effective date specified in subsection (e), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the review completed under subsection (a). 
(d) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veterans serv-
ice organization’’ means any organization rec-ognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 212. INCLUSION IN ANNUAL BUDGET SUB-
MISSION OF INFORMATION ON CA-PACITY OF VETERANS BENEFITS AD-MINISTRATION TO PROCESS BENE-FITS CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Along with the supporting 
information included in the budget submitted to Congress by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Presi-dent shall include information on the capacity of the Veterans Benefits Administration to proc-ess claims for benefits under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in-cluding information described in subsection (b), during the fiscal year covered by the budget with which the information is submitted. 
(b) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The informa-
tion described in this subsection is the following: 
(1) An estimate of the average number of 
claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary, excluding such claims com-pleted during mandatory overtime, that a single full-time equivalent employee of the Administra-tion can process in a year, based on the fol-lowing: 
(A) A time and motion study that the Sec-
retary shall conduct on the processing of such claims. (B) Such other information relating to such 
claims as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(2) A description of the actions the Secretary 
will take to improve the processing of such claims. 
(3) An assessment of the actions identified by 
the Secretary under paragraph (2) in the pre-vious year and an identification of the effects of those actions. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply 
with respect to any budget submitted as de-scribed in subsection (a) with respect to any fis-cal year after fiscal year 2017. 
SEC. 213. REPORT ON STAFFING LEVELS AT RE-
GIONAL OFFICES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AFTER TRAN-SITION TO NATIONAL WORK QUEUE. 
Not later than 15 months after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the criteria and procedures that the Secretary will use to determine appro-priate staffing levels at the regional offices of the Department once the Department has transitioned to using the National Work Queue for the distribution of the claims processing workload. 
SEC. 214. ANNUAL REPORT ON PROGRESS IN IM-
PLEMENTING VETERANS BENEFITS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than each of one 
year, two years, and three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a re-port on the progress of the Secretary in imple-menting the Veterans Benefits Management Sys-tem. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the current functionality 
of the Veterans Benefits Management System. 
(2) Recommendations submitted to the Sec-
retary by employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs who are involved in processing claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary, including veterans service rep-resentatives, rating veterans service representa-tives, and decision review officers, for such leg-islative or administrative action as the employ-ees consider appropriate to improve the proc-essing of such claims. 
(3) Recommendations submitted to the Sec-
retary by veterans service organizations who use the Veterans Benefits Management System for such legislative or administrative action as the veterans service organizations consider appro-priate to improve such system. 
(c) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veterans serv-
ice organization’’ means any organization rec-ognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 215. REPORT ON PLANS OF SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS TO REDUCE IN-VENTORY OF NON-RATING WORK-LOAD. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report that details the plans of the Sec-retary to reduce the inventory of work items list-ed in the Monday Morning Workload Report under End Products 130, 137, 173, 290, 400, 600, 607, 690, 930, and 960. 
SEC. 216. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INCREASED 
TRANSPARENCY RELATING TO CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS AND AP-PEALS OF DECISIONS RELATING TO BENEFITS IN MONDAY MORNING WORKLOAD REPORT. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs should include in each Mon-day Morning Workload Report published by the Secretary the following: (1) With respect to each regional office of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs, the following: 
(A) The number of fully developed claims for 
benefits under the laws administered by the Sec-retary that have been received. 
(B) The number of claims described in sub-
paragraph (A) that are pending a decision. 
(C) The number of claims described in sub-
paragraph (A) that have been pending a deci-sion for more than 125 days. 
(2) Enhanced information on appeals of deci-
sions relating to claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary that are pending, including information contained in the reports of the Department entitled ‘‘Appeals Pending’’ and ‘‘Appeals Workload By Station’’. 
Subtitle C—Other Benefits Matters 
SEC. 221. MODIFICATION OF PILOT PROGRAM FOR 
USE OF CONTRACT PHYSICIANS FOR DISABILITY EXAMINATIONS. 
Section 504 of the Veterans’ Benefits Improve-
ment Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–275; 38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) L
ICENSURE OF CONTRACT PHYSICIANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any law 
regarding the licensure of physicians, a physi-cian described in paragraph (2) may conduct an examination pursuant to a contract entered into under subsection (a) at any location in any State, the District of Columbia, or a Common-wealth, territory, or possession of the United States, so long as the examination is within the scope of the authorized duties under such con-tract. 
‘‘(2) P
HYSICIAN DESCRIBED .—A physician de-
scribed in this paragraph is a physician who— 
‘‘(A) has a current license to practice the 
health care profession of the physician; and 
‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for the 
Department of Veterans Affairs pursuant to a contract entered into under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 222. DEVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES TO IN-
CREASE COOPERATION WITH NA-TIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs and the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau shall jointly develop and implement proce-dures, including requirements relating to timeli-ness, to improve the timely provision to the Sec-retary of such information in the possession of the Chief as the Secretary requires to process claims submitted to the Secretary for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the implementation of the procedures under sub-section (a), the Secretary and the Chief shall jointly submit to Congress a report describing— 
(1) the requests for information relating to 
records of members of the National Guard made by the Secretary to the Chief pursuant to such procedures; and 
(2) the timeliness of the responses of the Chief 
to such requests. 
SEC. 223. REVIEW OF DETERMINATION OF CER-
TAIN SERVICE IN PHILIPPINES DUR-ING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and such military historians as the Sec-retary of Defense recommends, shall review the process used to determine whether a covered in-dividual served in support of the Armed Forces of the United States during World War II in ac-cordance with section 1002(d) of title X of Divi-sion A of the American Recovery and Reinvest-ment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5; 38 U.S.C. 107 note) for purposes of determining whether such covered individual is eligible for payments described in such section. 
(b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—In this section, a 
covered individual is any individual who timely submitted a claim for benefits under subsection (c) of section 1002 of title X of Division A of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.046 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7944 November 10, 2015 
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 
2009 (Public Law 111–5; 38 U.S.C. 107 note) based on service as described in subsection (d) of that section. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report detailing any find-ings, actions taken, or recommendations for leg-islative action with respect to the review con-ducted under subsection (a). 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON BENEFITS FOR DISQUALI -
FYING CONDUCT UNDER NEWPROCESS PURSUANT  
TOREVIEW .—If pursuant to the review con-
ducted under subsection (a) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines to establish a new process for the making of payments as described in that subsection, the process shall include mechanisms to ensure that individuals are not treated as covered individuals for purposes of such payments if such individuals engaged in any disqualifying conduct during service de-scribed in that subsection, including collabora-tion with the enemy or criminal conduct. 
SEC. 224. REPORTS ON DEPARTMENT DISABILITY 
MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS AND PRE-VENTION OF UNNECESSARY MED-ICAL EXAMINATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT ON DISABILITY MEDICAL EXAMINA -
TIONS FURNISHED BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the fur-nishing of general medical and specialty medical examinations by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for purposes of adjudicating claims for benefits under laws administered by the Sec-retary. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The number of general medical examina-
tions furnished by the Department during the period of fiscal years 2011 through 2014 for pur-poses of adjudicating claims for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary. 
(B) The number of general medical examina-
tions furnished by the Department during the period of fiscal years 2011 through 2014 for pur-poses of adjudicating a claim in which a com-prehensive joint examination was conducted, but for which no disability relating to a joint, bone, or muscle had been asserted as an issue in the claim. 
(C) The number of specialty medical examina-
tions furnished by the Department during the period of fiscal years 2011 through 2014 for pur-poses of adjudicating a claim. 
(D) The number of specialty medical examina-
tions furnished by the Department during the period of fiscal years 2011 through 2014 for pur-poses of adjudicating a claim in which one or more joint examinations were conducted. 
(E) A summary with citations to any medical 
and scientific studies that provide a basis for de-termining that three repetitions is adequate to determine the effect of repetitive use on func-tional impairments. 
(F) The names of all examination reports, in-
cluding general medical examinations and Dis-ability Benefits Questionnaires, used for evalua-tion of compensation and pension disability claims which require measurement of repeated ranges of motion testing and the number of ex-aminations requiring such measurements which were conducted in fiscal year 2014. 
(G) The average amount of time taken by an 
individual conducting a medical examination to perform the three repetitions of movement of each joint. 
(H) A discussion of whether there are more ef-
ficient and effective scientifically reliable meth-ods of testing for functional loss on repetitive use of an extremity other than the three time 
repetition currently used by the Department. 
(I) Recommendations as to the continuation of 
the practice of measuring functional impairment by using three repetitions of movement of each joint during the examination as a criteria for evaluating the effect of repetitive motion on functional impairment with supporting ration-ale. 
(b) R
EPORT AND PLAN TO PREVENT THE OR-
DERING OF UNNECESSARY MEDICAL EXAMINA -
TIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the efforts of the Secretary in reducing the necessity for in-person disability examinations and other efforts to comply with the provisions of section 5125 of title 38, United States Code. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Criteria used by the Secretary to deter-
mine if a claim is eligible for the Acceptable Clinical Evidence initiative. 
(B) The number of claims determined to be eli-
gible for the Acceptable Clinical Evidence initia-tive during the period beginning on the date of the initiation of the initiative and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act, disaggregated— 
(i) by fiscal year; and (ii) by claims determined eligible based in 
whole or in part on medical evidence provided by a private health care provider. 
(C) The total number of claims determined to 
be eligible for the Acceptable Clinical Evidence initiative that required an employee of the De-partment to supplement the evidence with infor-mation obtained during a telephone interview with a claimant or health care provider. 
(D) Information on any other initiatives or ef-
forts, including Disability Benefits Question-naires, of the Department to further encourage the use of medical evidence provided by a pri-vate health care provider and reliance upon re-ports of a medical examination administered by a private physician if the report is sufficiently complete to be adequate for the purposes of ad-judicating a claim. 
(E) A plan— (i) to measure, track, and prevent the ordering 
of unnecessary medical examinations when the provision by a claimant of a medical examina-tion administered by a private physician in sup-port of a claim for benefits under chapter 11 or 15 of title 38, United States Code, is adequate for the purpose of making a decision on that claim; and 
(ii) that includes the actions the Secretary 
will take to eliminate any request by the De-partment for a medical examination in the case of a claim for benefits under chapter 11 or 15 of such title in support of which a claimant sub-mits medical evidence or a medical opinion pro-vided by a private health care provider that is competent, credible, probative, and otherwise adequate for purposes of making a decision on that claim. 
SEC. 225. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUBMITTAL OF 
INFORMATION RELATING TO CLAIMS FOR DISABILITIES INCURRED OR AG-GRAVATED BY MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should submit to Congress information on the covered claims submitted to the Secretary during each fiscal year, including the information specified in subsection (b). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The information specified in 
this subsection with respect to each fiscal year is the following: 
(1) The number of covered claims submitted to 
or considered by the Secretary during such fis-cal year. (2) Of the covered claims under paragraph (1), 
the number and percentage of such claims— 
(A) submitted by each gender; (B) that were approved, including the number 
and percentage of such approved claims sub-mitted by each gender; and 
(C) that were denied, including the number 
and percentage of such denied claims submitted by each gender. 
(3) Of the covered claims under paragraph (1) 
that were approved, the number and percentage, listed by each gender, of claims assigned to each rating percentage of disability. 
(4) Of the covered claims under paragraph (1) 
that were denied— 
(A) the three most common reasons given by 
the Secretary under section 5104(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, for such denials; and 
(B) the number of denials that were based on 
the failure of a veteran to report for a medical examination. 
(5) Of the covered claims under paragraph (1) 
that were resubmitted to the Secretary after de-nial in a previous adjudication— 
(A) the number of such claims submitted to or 
considered by the Secretary during such fiscal year; 
(B) the number and percentage of such 
claims— 
(i) submitted by each gender; (ii) that were approved, including the number 
and percentage of such approved claims sub-mitted by each gender; and 
(iii) that were denied, including the number 
and percentage of such denied claims submitted by each gender; 
(C) the number and percentage, listed by each 
gender, of claims assigned to each rating per-centage of disability; and 
(D) of such claims that were again denied— (i) the three most common reasons given by 
the Secretary under section 5104(b)(1) of such title for such denials; and 
(ii) the number of denials that were based on 
the failure of a veteran to report for a medical examination. 
(6) The number of covered claims that, as of 
the end of such fiscal year, are pending and, separately, the number of such claims on ap-peal. 
(7) The average number of days that covered 
claims take to complete beginning on the date on which the claim is submitted. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED CLAIMS .—The term ‘‘covered 
claims’’ means claims for disability compensa-tion submitted to the Secretary based on post- traumatic stress disorder alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by military sexual trau-ma. 
(2) M
ILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA .—The term 
‘‘military sexual trauma’’ shall have the mean-ing specified by the Secretary for purposes of this section and shall include ‘‘sexual harass-ment’’ (as so specified). 
TITLE III—EDUCATION MATTERS 
SEC. 301. RETENTION OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE DURING CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) E DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE ALLOWANCE .— 
Section 16131(c)(3)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and in-serting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
(b) E
XPIRATION DATE.—Section 16133(b)(4) of 
such title is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
SEC. 302. REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF STUDENTS 
RECEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 33 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection 3325(c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.046 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7945 November 10, 2015 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) the information received by the Secretary 
under section 3326 of this title; and’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
section: 
‘‘§ 3326. Report on student progress 
‘‘As a condition on approval under chapter 36 
of this title of a course offered by an edu-cational institution (as defined in section 3452 of this title), each year, each educational institu-tion (as so defined) that received a payment in that year on behalf of an individual entitled to educational assistance under this chapter shall submit to the Secretary such information re-garding the academic progress of the individual as the Secretary may require.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘3326. Report on student progress.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE REPORT ON 
LEVEL OF EDUCATION ATTAINED BY THOSE WHO TRANSFER ENTITLE-MENT TO POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3325(b)(1) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) indicating the highest level of education 
attained by each individual who transfers a portion of the individual’s entitlement to edu-cational assistance under section 3319 of this title; and’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. REPORTS ON EDUCATIONAL LEVELS AT-
TAINED BY CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT TIME OF SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—Each Sec-
retary concerned shall submit to Congress each year a report on the educational levels attained by members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) under the jurisdiction of such Secretary who separated from the Armed Forces during the preceding year. 
(b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—The members of the 
Armed Forces described in this subsection are members of the Armed Forces who transferred unused education benefits to family members pursuant to section 3319 of title 38, United States Code, while serving as members of the Armed Forces. 
(c) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE IV—EMPLOYMENT AND TRANSITION 
MATTERS 
SEC. 401. REQUIRED COORDINATION BETWEEN 
DIRECTORS FOR VETERANS’ EM-PLOYMENT AND TRAINING WITH STATE DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR AND VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4103 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION WITHSTATE DEPARTMENTS  
OFLABOR AND VETERANS AFFAIRS .—Each Direc-
tor for Veterans’ Employment and Training for a State shall coordinate the Director’s activities under this chapter with the State department of labor and the State department of veterans af-fairs.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 402. REPORT ON JOB FAIRS ATTENDED BY 
ONE-STOP CAREER CENTER EMPLOY-EES AT WHICH SUCH EMPLOYEES ENCOUNTER VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 136(d)(1) of the 
Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2871(d)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The report also shall include information, for the year preceding the year the report is submitted, on the number of job fairs attended by One-Stop Career Center employees at which the employees had contact with a veteran, and the number of veterans con-tacted at each such job fair.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 403. REVIEW OF CHALLENGES FACED BY EM-
PLOYERS SEEKING TO HIRE VET-ERANS AND SHARING OF INFORMA-TION AMONG FEDERAL AGENCIES THAT SERVE VETERANS. 
(a) R EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor, in 
consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a review of— 
(A) the challenges faced by employers seeking 
to hire veterans; and 
(B) information sharing among Federal de-
partments and agencies that serve veterans and members of the Armed Forces who are sepa-rating from service. 
(2) M
ATTERS REVIEWED .—In conducting the 
review required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Labor shall examine the following: 
(A) The barriers employers face in gaining in-
formation identifying veterans who are seeking jobs. 
(B) The extent and quality of information 
sharing among Federal departments and agen-cies that serve veterans and members of the Armed Forces who are separating from service, including how the departments and agencies may more easily connect employers with such veterans and members. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the effective date specified in subsection (c), the Secretary of Labor shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the re-view conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Recommendations for addressing the bar-
riers described in subsection (a)(2)(A). 
(B) Recommendations for improving informa-
tion sharing described in subsection (a)(2)(B). 
(3) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 404. REVIEW OF TRANSITION GPS PROGRAM 
CORE CURRICULUM. 
(a) R EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in 
consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs and the Secretary of Labor, shall conduct a review of the Department of Defense Transi-tion GPS Program Core Curriculum in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) M
ATTERS REVIEWED .—The review shall ex-
amine the following: 
(A) The Department of Defense Transition 
GPS Program Core Curriculum in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) The roles and responsibilities of each Fed-
eral department participating in the Transition GPS Program and whether the various roles and responsibilities of the Federal departments are adequately aligned with one another. 
(C) The allotment of time spent on issues 
under the jurisdiction of each Federal depart-ment participating in the Transition GPS Pro-gram and whether the allotment is adequate to provide members of the Armed Forces with all the information the members need regarding im-portant benefits that can assist members in transitioning out of military service. 
(D) Whether any of the information in the 
three optional tracks in the Transition GPS Pro-gram Core Curriculum should be addressed more appropriately in mandatory tracks rather than optional tracks. 
(E) The benefits of and obstacles to estab-
lishing— 
(i) a standard implementation plan of long- 
term outcome measures for the Transition GPS Program; and 
(ii) a comprehensive system of metrics for such 
measures. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor, shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report on the review con-ducted under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Recommendations for improving the De-
partment of Defense Transition GPS Program Core Curriculum in order to more accurately ad-dress the needs of members of the Armed Forces transitioning out of military service. 
(B) Recommendations for improving the roles 
and responsibilities described in subsection (a)(2)(B). 
(C) Recommendations for improving the allot-
ment of time described in subsection (a)(2)(C). 
(D) Such recommendations as the Secretary of 
Defense may have regarding the optional and mandatory tracks in the Transition GPS Pro-gram Core Curriculum. 
(E) Such recommendations as the Secretary of 
Defense may have with respect to the outcome measures and metrics described in subsection (a)(2)(E). 
(F) Identification of such other areas of con-
cern as the Secretary of Defense may have with respect to the Transition GPS Program and such recommendations for legislative or administra-tive action as the Secretary may have to address such concerns. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 405. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
PROVISION OF PRESEPARATION COUNSELING. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 180 
CONTINUOUS DAYS OF ACTIVE DUTYSERVICE .— 
Subparagraph (A) of section 1142(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘continuous’’ before ‘‘180 days’’. 
(b) E
XCLUSION OF TRAINING FROMPERIODS OF  
ACTIVE DUTY.—Such section is further amended 
by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘active duty’ does not include full-time training duty, annual training duty, and at-tendance, while in the active military service, at a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.046 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7946 November 10, 2015 
TITLE V—VETERAN SMALL BUSINESS 
MATTERS 
SEC. 501. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT UNDER 
CONTRACTING GOALS AND PREF-ERENCES OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES OWNED BY VETERANS OF SMALL BUSINESSES AFTER DEATH OF DISABLED VETERAN OWNERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8127(h) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘rated as’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘disability.’’ and inserting a period; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) The date that— ‘‘(i) in the case of a surviving spouse of a vet-
eran with a service-connected disability rated as 100 percent disabling or who dies as a result of a service-connected disability, is 10 years after the date of the veteran’s death; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a surviving spouse of a vet-
eran with a service-connected disability rated as less than 100 percent disabling who does not die as a result of a service-connected disability, is three years after the date of the veteran’s death.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to ap-plications received pursuant to section 8127(f)(2) of title 38, United States Code, that are verified on or after such date. 
SEC. 502. TREATMENT OF BUSINESSES AFTER 
DEATHS OF SERVICEMEMBER-OWN-ERS FOR PURPOSES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CON-TRACTING GOALS AND PREF-ERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8127 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (i) through (l) 
as subsections (j) through (m), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-
lowing new subsection (i): 
‘‘(i) T REATMENT OF BUSINESSES AFTER DEATH 
OFSERVICEMEMBER -OWNER .—(1) If a member of 
the Armed Forces owns at least 51 percent of a small business concern and such member is killed in line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service, the surviving spouse or de-pendent child of such member who acquires such ownership rights in such small business concern shall, for the period described in para-graph (2), be treated as if the surviving spouse or dependent child were a veteran with a serv-ice-connected disability for purposes of deter-mining the status of the small business concern as a small business concern owned and con-trolled by veterans for purposes of contracting goals and preferences under this section. 
‘‘(2) The period referred to in paragraph (1) is 
the period beginning on the date on which the member of the Armed Forces dies and ending on the date as follows: 
‘‘(A) In the case of a surviving spouse, the 
earliest of the following dates: 
‘‘(i) The date on which the surviving spouse 
remarries. 
‘‘(ii) The date on which the surviving spouse 
relinquishes an ownership interest in the small business concern and no longer owns at least 51 percent of such small business concern. 
‘‘(iii) The date that is ten years after the date 
of the member’s death. 
‘‘(B) In the case of a dependent child, the ear-
liest of the following dates: 
‘‘(i) The date on which the surviving depend-
ent child relinquishes an ownership interest in the small business concern and no longer owns at least 51 percent of such small business con-cern. 
‘‘(ii) The date that is ten years after the date 
of the member’s death.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (i) of section 
8127 of such title, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act and shall apply with respect to the deaths of members of the Armed Forces occur-ring on or after such date. 
TITLE VI—BURIAL MATTERS 
SEC. 601. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
STUDY ON MATTERS RELATING TO BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF VETERANS IN NATIONAL CEME-TERIES. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later 
than one year after the effective date specified in subsection (d), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall— 
(1) complete a study on matters relating to the 
interring of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the Na-tional Cemetery Administration; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on the findings 
of the Secretary with respect to the study re-quired under paragraph (1). 
(b) M
ATTERS STUDIED .—The matters studied 
under subsection (a)(1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) Determining the scope of issues relating to 
unclaimed remains of veterans, including an es-timate of the number of unclaimed remains of veterans. 
(2) Assessing the effectiveness of the proce-
dures of the Department of Veterans Affairs for working with persons or entities having custody of unclaimed remains to facilitate interment of unclaimed remains of veterans in national ceme-teries under the control of the National Ceme-tery Administration. 
(3) Assessing State and local laws that affect 
the ability of the Secretary to inter unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration. 
(4) Developing recommendations for such leg-
islative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(c) M
ETHODOLOGY .— 
(1) N UMBER OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS .—In esti-
mating the number of unclaimed remains of vet-erans under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may review such subset of applicable entities as the Secretary considers appropriate, including a subset of funeral homes and coroner offices that possess unclaimed veterans remains. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT OF STATE AND LOCAL LAWS .— 
In assessing State and local laws under sub-section (b)(3), the Secretary may assess such sample of applicable State and local laws as the Secretary considers appropriate in lieu of re-viewing all applicable State and local laws. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 701. HONORING AS VETERANS CERTAIN PER-
SONS WHO PERFORMED SERVICE IN THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Any person who is entitled under chapter 1223 
of title 10, United States Code, to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be en-titled under such chapter to retired pay for non-regular service shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this honor. 
SEC. 702. REPORT ON LAOTIAN MILITARY SUP-
PORT OF ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES DURING VIETNAM WAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the effective date specified in subsection (c), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense and such agencies and individuals as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs considers appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on— 
(1) the extent to which Laotian military forces 
provided combat support to the Armed Forces of the United States between February 28, 1961, and May 15, 1975; (2) whether the current classification by the 
Civilian/Military Service Review Board of the Department of Defense of service by individuals of Hmong ethnicity is appropriate; and 
(3) such recommendations as the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs may have for legislative action. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate commit-tees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 703. RESTORATION OF PRIOR REPORTING 
FEE MULTIPLIERS. 
During the 10-year period beginning on Sep-
tember 26, 2015, the second sentence of sub-section (c) of section 3684 of title 38, United States Code, shall be applied— 
(1) by substituting ‘‘$7’’ for ‘‘$12’’; and (2) by substituting ‘‘$11’’ for ‘‘$15’’. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Isak-son amendment be agreed to; the com-mittee-reported substitute, as amend-ed, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; the title amendment be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2806) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) 
Beginning on page 29, strike line 1 and all 
that follows through page 32, line 20, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORTS ON PUBLIC ACCESS TO DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on in-creasing public access to scientific publica-tions and digital data from research funded by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of where on the Internet 
website of the Department the public will be able to access results of research funded by the Department or be referred to other sources to access the results of research funded by the Department. 
(2) A description of the progress made by 
the Department in meeting public access re-quirements set forth in the Federal Register notice entitled ‘‘Policy and Implementation Plan for Public Access to Scientific Publica-tions and Digital Data from Research Fund-ed by the Department of Veterans Affairs’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 60751), including the following: 
(A) Compliance of Department investiga-
tors with requirements relating to ensuring that research funded by the Department is accessible by the public. 
(B) Ensuring data management plans of 
the Department include provisions for long- term preservation of the scientific data re-sulting from research funded by the Depart-ment. 
(3) An explanation of the factors used to 
evaluate the merit of data management plans of research funded by the Veterans Health Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.046 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7947 November 10, 2015 
(4) An explanation of the process of the De-
partment in effect that enables stakeholders to petition a change to the embargo period for a specific field and the factors considered during such process. 
On page 33, line 6, strike ‘‘45’’ and insert 
‘‘72’’. 
On page 43, strike lines 7 through 11 and in-
sert the following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—In carrying out the edu-
cation and training program required under section 7302(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall include education and training of marriage and family therapists and licensed profes-sional mental health counselors. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Beginning on page 43, strike line 19 and all 
that follows through page 44, line 9. 
Beginning on page 65, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through page 70, line 8. 
Beginning on page 91, strike line 22 and all 
that follows through page 92, line 1, and in-sert the following: 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—During the 10-year period 
beginning on September 26, 2015, the second sentence of subsection (c) of section 3684 of title 38, United States Code, shall be ap-plied— 
(1) by substituting ‘‘$8’’ for ‘‘$12’’; and (2) by substituting ‘‘$12’’ for ‘‘$15’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 406 
of the Department of Veterans Affairs Expir-ing Authorities Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 175; 38 U.S.C. 3684 note), as amended by sec-tion 410 of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–58), is hereby repealed. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 1203), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1203 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery 
and Other Improvements Act’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—HEALTH CARE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Expansion and Improvement of 
Health Care Benefits 
Sec. 101. Improved access to appropriate im-
munizations for veterans. 
Sec. 102. Expansion of provision of chiro-
practic care and services to vet-erans. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 111. Expansion of availability of pros-
thetic and orthotic care for vet-erans. 
Sec. 112. Reports on public access to Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs re-search. 
Sec. 113. Revival of Intermediate Care Tech-
nician Pilot Program of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 114. Transfer of health care provider 
credentialing data from Sec-retary of Defense to Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
Subtitle C—Improvement of Medical 
Workforce 
Sec. 121. Inclusion of mental health profes-
sionals in education and train-ing program for health per-sonnel of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 122. Expansion of qualifications for li-
censed mental health coun-selors of the Department of Veterans Affairs to include doc-toral degrees. 
Sec. 123. Report on medical workforce of the 
Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
TITLE II—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
BENEFITS MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Benefits Claims Submission 
Sec. 201. Participation of veterans service 
organizations in Transition As-sistance Program. 
Sec. 202. Requirement that Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs publish the aver-age time required to adjudicate timely and untimely appeals. 
Sec. 203. Determination of manner of ap-
pearance for hearings before Board of Veterans’ Appeals. 
Subtitle B—Practices of Regional Offices 
Relating to Benefits Claims 
Sec. 211. Comptroller General review of 
claims processing performance of regional offices of Veterans Benefits Administration. 
Sec. 212. Inclusion in annual budget submis-
sion of information on capacity of Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration to process benefits claims. 
Sec. 213. Report on staffing levels at re-
gional offices of Department of Veterans Affairs after transi-tion to National Work Queue. 
Sec. 214. Annual report on progress in imple-
menting Veterans Benefits Management System. 
Sec. 215. Report on plans of Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to reduce in-ventory of non-rating work-load. 
Sec. 216. Sense of Congress on increased 
transparency relating to claims for benefits and appeals of deci-sions relating to benefits in Monday Morning Workload Re-port. 
Subtitle C—Other Benefits Matters 
Sec. 221. Modification of pilot program for 
use of contract physicians for disability examinations. 
Sec. 222. Development of procedures to in-
crease cooperation with Na-tional Guard Bureau. 
Sec. 223. Review of determination of certain 
service in Philippines during World War II. 
Sec. 224. Sense of Congress on submittal of 
information relating to claims for disabilities incurred or ag-gravated by military sexual trauma. 
TITLE III—EDUCATION MATTERS 
Sec. 301. Retention of entitlement to edu-
cational assistance during cer-tain additional periods of active duty. 
Sec. 302. Reports on progress of students re-
ceiving Post-9/11 Educational Assistance. 
Sec. 303. Secretary of Defense report on 
level of education attained by those who transfer entitlement to Post-9/11 educational assist-ance. 
Sec. 304. Reports on educational levels at-
tained by certain members of the Armed Forces at time of separation from the Armed Forces. TITLE IV—EMPLOYMENT AND 
TRANSITION MATTERS 
Sec. 401. Required coordination between Di-
rectors for Veterans’ Employ-ment and Training with State departments of labor and vet-erans affairs. 
Sec. 402. Report on job fairs attended by 
one-stop career center employ-ees at which such employees encounter veterans. 
Sec. 403. Review of challenges faced by em-
ployers seeking to hire veterans and sharing of information among Federal agencies that serve veterans. 
Sec. 404. Review of Transition GPS Program 
Core Curriculum. 
Sec. 405. Modification of requirement for 
provision of preseparation counseling. 
TITLE V—VETERAN SMALL BUSINESS 
MATTERS 
Sec. 501. Modification of treatment under 
contracting goals and pref-erences of Department of Vet-erans Affairs for small busi-nesses owned by veterans of small businesses after death of disabled veteran owners. 
Sec. 502. Treatment of businesses after 
deaths of servicemember-own-ers for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences. 
TITLE VI—BURIAL MATTERS 
Sec. 601. Department of Veterans Affairs 
study on matters relating to burial of unclaimed remains of veterans in national ceme-teries. 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 701. Honoring as veterans certain per-
sons who performed service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 702. Report on Laotian military support 
of Armed Forces of the United States during Vietnam War. 
Sec. 703. Restoration of prior reporting fee 
multipliers. 
TITLE I—HEALTH CARE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Expansion and Improvement of 
Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 101. IMPROVED ACCESS TO APPROPRIATE 
IMMUNIZATIONS FOR VETERANS. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF RECOMMENDED ADULT IM-
MUNIZATIONS AS MEDICAL SERVICES .— 
(1) C OVERED BENEFIT .—Subparagraph (F) of 
section 1701(9) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(F) immunizations against infectious dis-
eases, including each immunization on the recommended adult immunization schedule at the time such immunization is indicated on that schedule;’’. 
(2) R
ECOMMENDED ADULT IMMUNIZATION  
SCHEDULE DEFINED .—Section 1701 of such 
title is amended by adding after paragraph (9) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) The term ‘recommended adult immu-
nization schedule’ means the schedule estab-lished (and periodically reviewed and, as ap-propriate, revised) by the Advisory Com-mittee on Immunization Practices estab-lished by the Secretary of Health and Human Services and delegated to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF RECOMMENDED ADULT IM-
MUNIZATIONS IN ANNUAL REPORT .—Section 
1704(1)(A) of such title is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.045 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7948 November 10, 2015 
(3) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(iii) to provide veterans each immuniza-
tion on the recommended adult immuniza-tion schedule at the time such immunization is indicated on that schedule.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the development and implementa-tion by the Department of Veterans Affairs of quality measures and metrics, including targets for compliance, to ensure that vet-erans receiving medical services under chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, receive each immunization on the recommended adult immunization schedule at the time such immunization is indicated on that schedule. 
(2) R
ECOMMENDED ADULT IMMUNIZATION  
SCHEDULE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘recommended adult immunization schedule’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1701(10) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. 102. EXPANSION OF PROVISION OF CHIRO-
PRACTIC CARE AND SERVICES TO VETERANS. 
(a) P ROGRAM FOR PROVISION OF CHIRO-
PRACTIC CARE AND SERVICES TO VETERANS .— 
Section 204(c) of the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 (Public Law 107–135; 115 Stat. 2459; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The pro-
gram’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The program shall be carried out at 
not fewer than two medical centers or clinics in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than two years after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery and Other Improvements Act, and at not fewer than 50 percent of all medical centers in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than three years after such date of enactment.’’. 
(b) E
XPANDED CHIROPRACTOR SERVICES  
AVAILABLE TO VETERANS .— 
(1) M EDICAL SERVICES .—Paragraph (6) of 
section 1701 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) Chiropractic services.’’. (2) R
EHABILITATIVE SERVICES .—Paragraph 
(8) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘chiropractic,’’ after ‘‘counseling,’’. 
(3) P
REVENTIVE HEALTH SERVICES .—Para-
graph (9) of such section is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) 
through (K) as subparagraphs (G) through (L), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following new subparagraph (F): 
‘‘(F) periodic and preventive chiropractic 
examinations and services;’’. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 111. EXPANSION OF AVAILABILITY OF PROS-
THETIC AND ORTHOTIC CARE FOR VETERANS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OR EXPANSION OF AD-
VANCED DEGREE PROGRAMS TOEXPAND  
AVAILABILITY OF PROVISION OF CARE.—The 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall work 
with institutions of higher education to de-velop partnerships for the establishment or expansion of programs of advanced degrees in prosthetics and orthotics in order to im-prove and enhance the availability of high quality prosthetic and orthotic care for vet-erans. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the effective date specified in subsection (d), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee 
on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan for carrying out subsection (a). The Sec-retary shall develop the plan in consultation with veterans service organizations, institu-tions of higher education with accredited de-gree programs in prosthetics and orthotics, and representatives of the prosthetics and orthotics field. 
(c) F
UNDING .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, $5,000,000 to carry out this section. 
(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount authorized 
to be appropriated by paragraph (1) shall re-main available for expenditure until Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. REPORTS ON PUBLIC ACCESS TO DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on in-creasing public access to scientific publica-tions and digital data from research funded by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of where on the Internet 
website of the Department the public will be able to access results of research funded by the Department or be referred to other sources to access the results of research funded by the Department. 
(2) A description of the progress made by 
the Department in meeting public access re-quirements set forth in the Federal Register notice entitled ‘‘Policy and Implementation Plan for Public Access to Scientific Publica-tions and Digital Data from Research Fund-ed by the Department of Veterans Affairs’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 60751), including the following: 
(A) Compliance of Department investiga-
tors with requirements relating to ensuring that research funded by the Department is accessible by the public. 
(B) Ensuring data management plans of 
the Department include provisions for long- term preservation of the scientific data re-sulting from research funded by the Depart-ment. 
(3) An explanation of the factors used to 
evaluate the merit of data management plans of research funded by the Veterans Health Administration. 
(4) An explanation of the process of the De-
partment in effect that enables stakeholders to petition a change to the embargo period for a specific field and the factors considered during such process. 
SEC. 113. REVIVAL OF INTERMEDIATE CARE 
TECHNICIAN PILOT PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) R EVIVAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall revive the Intermediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs that was carried out by the Secretary between January 2013 and Feb-ruary 2014. 
(b) T
ECHNICIANS .— 
(1) S ELECTION .—The Secretary shall select 
not less than 72 intermediate care techni-cians to participate in the pilot program. 
(2) F
ACILITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Any intermediate care 
technician hired pursuant to paragraph (1) may be assigned to a medical facility of the 
Department as determined by the Secretary for purposes of this section. 
(B) P
RIORITY .—In assigning intermediate 
care technicians under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall give priority to facilities at which veterans have the longest wait times for appointments for the receipt of hospital care or medical services from the Depart-ment, as determined by the Secretary for purposes of this section. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary shall 
carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) during the three-year period beginning on the effective date specified in subsection (e). 
(d) H
OSPITAL CARE AND MEDICAL SERVICES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the terms ‘‘hos-
pital care’’ and ‘‘medical services’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 114. TRANSFER OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDER 
CREDENTIALING DATA FROM SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE TO SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In a case in which the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs hires a covered health care provider, the Secretary of De-fense shall, after receiving a request from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for the credentialing data of the Secretary of De-fense relating to such health care provider, transfer to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs such credentialing data. 
(b) C
OVERED HEALTH CAREPROVIDERS .—For 
purposes of this section, a covered provider is a health care provider who— 
(1) is or was employed by the Secretary of 
Defense; 
(2) provides or provided health care related 
services as part of such employment; and 
(3) was credentialed by the Secretary of 
Defense. 
(c) P
OLICIES AND REGULATIONS .—The Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall establish such policies and promulgate such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out this section. 
(d) C
REDENTIALING DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘credentialing’’ means the systematic process of screening and evalu-ating qualifications and other credentials, including licensure, required education, rel-evant training and experience, and current competence and health status. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 115. EXAMINATION AND TREATMENT BY DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDI-TIONS AND WOMEN IN LABOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter VIII of chap-
ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1784 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1784A. Examination and treatment for 
emergency medical conditions and women in labor 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case of a hospital 
of the Department that has an emergency department, if any individual comes to the hospital or the campus of the hospital and a request is made on behalf of the individual for examination or treatment for a medical condition, the hospital must provide for an appropriate medical screening examination within the capability of the emergency de-partment, including ancillary services rou-tinely available to the emergency depart-ment, to determine whether or not an emer-gency medical condition exists. 
‘‘(b) N
ECESSARY STABILIZING TREATMENT  
FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITIONS AND  
LABOR .—(1) If any individual comes to a hos-
pital of the Department that has an emer-gency department or the campus of such a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.053 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7949 November 10, 2015 
hospital and the hospital determines that 
the individual has an emergency medical condition, the hospital must provide either— 
‘‘(A) within the staff and facilities avail-
able at the hospital, for such further medical examination and such treatment as may be required to stabilize the medical condition; or 
‘‘(B) for transfer of the individual to an-
other medical facility in accordance with subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) A hospital is deemed to meet the re-
quirement of paragraph (1)(A) with respect to an individual if the hospital offers the in-dividual the further medical examination and treatment described in that paragraph and informs the individual (or a person act-ing on behalf of the individual) of the risks and benefits to the individual of such exam-ination and treatment, but the individual (or a person acting on behalf of the individual) refuses to consent to the examination and treatment. The hospital shall take all rea-sonable steps to secure the written informed consent of the individual (or person) to refuse such examination and treatment. 
‘‘(3) A hospital is deemed to meet the re-
quirement of paragraph (1) with respect to an individual if the hospital offers to trans-fer the individual to another medical facility in accordance with subsection (c) and in-
forms the individual (or a person acting on behalf of the individual) of the risks and ben-efits to the individual of such transfer, but the individual (or a person acting on behalf of the individual) refuses to consent to the transfer. The hospital shall take all reason-able steps to secure the written informed consent of the individual (or person) to refuse such transfer. 
‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTING TRANSFERS UNTIL INDI-
VIDUAL STABILIZED .—(1) If an individual at a 
hospital of the Department has an emer-gency medical condition that has not been stabilized, the hospital may not transfer the individual unless— 
‘‘(A)(i) the individual (or a legally respon-
sible person acting on behalf of the indi-vidual), after being informed of the obliga-tions of the hospital under this section and of the risk of transfer, requests, in writing, transfer to another medical facility; 
‘‘(ii) a physician of the Department has 
signed a certification that, based upon the information available at the time of trans-fer, the medical benefits reasonably expected from the provision of appropriate medical treatment at another medical facility out-weigh the increased risks to the individual and, in the case of labor, to the unborn child from effecting the transfer; or 
‘‘(iii) if a physician of the Department is 
not physically present in the emergency de-partment at the time an individual is trans-ferred, a qualified medical person (as defined by the Secretary for purposes of this section) has signed a certification described in clause (ii) after a physician of the Department, in consultation with the person, has made the determination described in such clause, and subsequently countersigns the certification; and 
‘‘(B) the transfer is an appropriate transfer 
to that facility. 
‘‘(2) A certification described in clause (ii) 
or (iii) of paragraph (1)(A) shall include a summary of the risks and benefits upon which the certification is based. 
‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (1)(B), an 
appropriate transfer to a medical facility is a transfer— 
‘‘(A) in which the transferring hospital 
provides the medical treatment within its capacity that minimizes the risks to the health of the individual and, in the case of a woman in labor, the health of the unborn child; 
‘‘(B) in which the receiving facility— ‘‘(i) has available space and qualified per-
sonnel for the treatment of the individual; and 
‘‘(ii) has agreed to accept transfer of the 
individual and to provide appropriate med-ical treatment; 
‘‘(C) in which the transferring hospital 
sends to the receiving facility all medical records (or copies thereof) available at the time of the transfer relating to the emer-gency medical condition for which the indi-vidual has presented, including— 
‘‘(i) observations of signs or symptoms; ‘‘(ii) preliminary diagnosis; ‘‘(iii) treatment provided; ‘‘(iv) the results of any tests; and ‘‘(v) the informed written consent or cer-
tification (or copy thereof) provided under paragraph (1)(A); 
‘‘(D) in which the transfer is effected 
through qualified personnel and transpor-tation equipment, including the use of nec-essary and medically appropriate life sup-port measures during the transfer; and 
‘‘(E) that meets such other requirements 
as the Secretary considers necessary in the interest of the health and safety of individ-uals transferred. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘campus’ means, with re-
spect to a hospital of the Department— 
‘‘(A) the physical area immediately adja-
cent to the main buildings of the hospital; 
‘‘(B) other areas and structures that are 
not strictly contiguous to the main buildings but are located not less than 250 yards from the main buildings; and 
‘‘(C) any other areas determined by the 
Secretary to be part of the campus of the hospital. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘emergency medical condi-
tion’ means— 
‘‘(A) a medical condition manifesting itself 
by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (in-cluding severe pain) such that the absence of immediate medical attention could reason-ably be expected to result in— 
‘‘(i) placing the health of the individual 
(or, with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeopardy; 
‘‘(ii) serious impairment to bodily func-
tions; or 
‘‘(iii) serious dysfunction of any bodily 
organ or part; or 
‘‘(B) with respect to a pregnant woman 
who is having contractions— 
‘‘(i) that there is inadequate time to effect 
a safe transfer to another hospital before de-livery; or 
‘‘(ii) that transfer may pose a threat to the 
health or safety of the woman or the unborn child. 
‘‘(3)(A) The term ‘to stabilize’ means, with 
respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph (2)(A), to provide such medical treatment of the condition as may be necessary to assure, within reasonable medical probability, that no material dete-rioration of the condition is likely to result from or occur during the transfer of the indi-vidual from a facility, or, with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph (2)(B), to deliver (including the placenta). 
‘‘(B) The term ‘stabilized’ means, with re-
spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A), that no material deterioration of the condition is likely, with-in reasonable medical probability, to result from or occur during the transfer of the indi-vidual from a facility, or, with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph (2)(B), that the woman has deliv-ered (including the placenta). 
‘‘(4) The term ‘transfer’ means the move-
ment (including the discharge) of an indi-vidual outside the facilities of a hospital of the Department at the direction of any per-
son employed by (or affiliated or associated, directly or indirectly, with) the hospital, but does not include such a movement of an indi-vidual who— 
‘‘(A) has been declared dead; or ‘‘(B) leaves the facility without the permis-
sion of any such person.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1784 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1784A. Examination and treatment for 
emergency medical conditions and women in labor.’’. 
Subtitle C—Improvement of Medical 
Workforce 
SEC. 121. INCLUSION OF MENTAL HEALTH PRO-
FESSIONALS IN EDUCATION AND TRAINING PROGRAM FOR HEALTH PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out the edu-
cation and training program required under section 7302(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall include education and training of marriage and family therapists and licensed profes-sional mental health counselors. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 122. EXPANSION OF QUALIFICATIONS FOR 
LICENSED MENTAL HEALTH COUN-SELORS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INCLUDE DOCTORAL DEGREES. 
Section 7402(b)(11)(A) of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or doctoral degree’’ after ‘‘master’s degree’’. 
SEC. 123. REPORT ON MEDICAL WORKFORCE OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the medical workforce of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) With respect to licensed professional 
mental health counselors and marriage and family therapists of the Department— 
(A) how many such counselors and thera-
pists are currently enrolled in the mental health professionals trainee program of the Department; 
(B) how many such counselors and thera-
pists are expected to enroll in the mental health professionals trainee program of the Department during the 180-day period begin-ning on the date of the submittal of the re-port; 
(C) a description of the eligibility criteria 
for such counselors and therapists as com-pared to other behavioral health professions in the Department; 
(D) a description of the objectives, goals, 
and timing of the Department with respect to increasing the representation of such counselors and therapists in the behavioral health workforce of the Department; and 
(E) a description of the actions taken by 
the Secretary, in consultation with the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, to create an occupational series for such counselors and therapists and a timeline for the creation of such an occupa-tional series. 
(2) A breakdown of spending by the Depart-
ment in connection with the education debt reduction program of the Department under subchapter VII of chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.053 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7950 November 10, 2015 
(A) the amount spent by the Department 
in debt reduction payments during the three- year period preceding the submittal of the report disaggregated by the medical profes-sion of the individual receiving the pay-ments; 
(B) a description of how the Department 
prioritizes such spending by medical profes-sion, including an assessment of whether such priority reflects the five occupations identified in the most recent determination by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs as having the largest staffing shortages in the Veterans Health Administration; and 
(C) a description of the actions taken by 
the Secretary to increase the effectiveness of such spending for purposes of recruitment of health care providers to the Department, in-cluding efforts to more consistently include eligibility for the education debt reduction program in vacancy announcements of posi-tions for health care providers at the Depart-ment. 
(3) A description of any impediments to the 
delivery by the Department of telemedicine services to veterans and any actions taken by the Department to address such impedi-ments, including with respect to— 
(A) restrictions under Federal or State 
laws; 
(B) licensing or credentialing issues for 
health care providers, including non-Depart-ment health care providers, practicing tele-medicine with a veteran located in a dif-ferent State; 
(C) the effect of limited broadband access 
or limited information technology capabili-ties on the delivery of health care; 
(D) the distance a veteran is required to 
travel to access a facility or clinic with tele-medicine capabilities; 
(E) the effect on the provision of telemedi-
cine services to veterans of policies of and limited liability protection for certain enti-ties; and 
(F) issues relating to reimbursement and 
travel limitations for veterans that affect the participation of non-Department health care providers in the telemedicine program. 
(4) An update on the efforts of the Sec-
retary to offer training opportunities in tele-medicine to medical residents in medical fa-cilities of the Department that use telemedi-cine, consistent with medical residency pro-gram requirements established by the Ac-creditation Council for Graduate Medical Education, as required in section 108(b) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–154; 38 U.S.C. 7406 note). 
(5) An assessment of the development and 
implementation by the Secretary of succes-sion planning policies to address the preva-lence of vacancies in positions in the Vet-erans Health Administration of more than 180 days, including the development of an en-terprise position management system to more effectively identify, track, and resolve such vacancies. 
(6) A description of the actions taken by 
the Secretary, in consultation with the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, to address any impediments to the timely appointment and determination of qualifications for Directors of Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks and Medical Direc-tors of the Department. 
TITLE II—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
BENEFITS MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Benefits Claims Submission 
SEC. 201. PARTICIPATION OF VETERANS SERVICE 
ORGANIZATIONS IN TRANSITION AS-SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in collaboration with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs, should estab-lish a process by which a representative of a veterans service organization may be present at any portion of the program carried out under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the submittal of claims to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for com-pensation under chapter 11 or 13 of title 38, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on participation of vet-erans service organizations in the program carried out under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the compliance of fa-
cilities of the Department of Defense with the directives included in the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense entitled ‘‘Instal-lation Access and Support Services for Non-profit Non-Federal Entities’’ and dated De-cember 23, 2014. 
(B) The number of military bases that have 
complied with such directives. 
(C) How many veterans service organiza-
tions have been present at a portion of a pro-gram as described in subsection (a). 
(c) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veterans 
service organization’’ means any organiza-tion recognized by the Secretary for the rep-resentation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38. 
SEC. 202. REQUIREMENT THAT SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS PUBLISH THE AVERAGE TIME REQUIRED TO ADJU-DICATE TIMELY AND UNTIMELY AP-PEALS. 
(a) P UBLICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On an ongoing basis, the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make available to the public the following: 
(A) The average length of time to adju-
dicate a timely appeal. 
(B) The average length of time to adju-
dicate an untimely appeal. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Paragraph (1) shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply until the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 39 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on whether pub-lication pursuant to subsection (a)(1) has had an effect on the number of timely appeals filed. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The number of appeals and timely ap-
peals that were filed during the one-year pe-riod ending on the effective date specified in subsection (a)(2). 
(B) The number of appeals and timely ap-
peals that were filed during the one-year pe-riod ending on the date that is two years after the effective date specified in sub-section (a)(2). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPEAL .—The term ‘‘appeal’’ means a 
notice of disagreement filed pursuant to sec-tion 7105(a) of title 38, United States Code, in response to notice of the result of an initial review or determination regarding a claim for a benefit under a law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
(2) T
IMELY .—The term ‘‘timely’’ with re-
spect to an appeal means that the notice of disagreement was filed not more than 180 days after the date of mailing of the notice 
of the result of the initial review or deter-mination described in paragraph (1). 
(3) U
NTIMELY .—The term ‘‘untimely’’ with 
respect to an appeal means the notice of dis-agreement was filed more than 180 days after the date of mailing of the notice of the result of the initial review or determination de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 203. DETERMINATION OF MANNER OF AP-
PEARANCE FOR HEARINGS BEFORE BOARD OF VETERANS’ APPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7107 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (e); (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (f) 
as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsections (d) and (e): 
‘‘(d)(1) Subject to paragraph (2), a hearing 
before the Board shall be conducted, as the Board considers appropriate— 
‘‘(A) in person; or ‘‘(B) through picture and voice trans-
mission, by electronic or other means, in such manner that the appellant is not present in the same location as the member or members of the Board during the hearing. 
‘‘(2) Upon request by an appellant, a hear-
ing before the Board shall be conducted, as the appellant considers appropriate— 
‘‘(A) in person; or ‘‘(B) through picture and voice trans-
mission as described in paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(e)(1) In a case in which a hearing before 
the Board is to be conducted through picture and voice transmission as described in sub-section (d)(1)(B), the Secretary shall provide suitable facilities and equipment to the Board or other components of the Depart-ment to enable an appellant located at an appropriate facility within the area served by a regional office to participate as so de-scribed. 
‘‘(2) Any hearing conducted through pic-
ture and voice transmission as described in subsection (d)(1)(B) shall be conducted in the same manner as, and shall be considered the equivalent of, a personal hearing.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘An appellant may request’’ and all that follows through ‘‘office of the Department’’ and inserting ‘‘In a case in which a hearing before the Board is to be conducted in person, the hearing shall be held at the principal location of the Board or at a facility of the Department located with-in the area served by a regional office of the Department’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘in subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘in sub-section (g)’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to cases received by the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals pursuant to notices of dis-agreement submitted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Practices of Regional Offices 
Relating to Benefits Claims 
SEC. 211. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF 
CLAIMS PROCESSING PERFORM-ANCE OF REGIONAL OFFICES OF VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 15 
months after the effective date specified in subsection (e), the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a review of the regional offices of the Veterans Benefits Administration to help the Veterans Bene-fits Administration achieve more consistent performance in the processing of claims for disability compensation. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An identification of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.053 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7951 November 10, 2015 
(A) The factors, including management 
practices, that distinguish higher performing regional offices from other regional offices with respect to claims for disability com-pensation. 
(B) The best practices employed by higher 
performing regional offices that distinguish the performance of such offices from other regional offices. 
(C) Such other management practices or 
tools as the Comptroller General determines could be used to improve the performance of regional offices. 
(2) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
communication with respect to the proc-essing of claims for disability compensation between the regional offices and veterans service organizations and caseworkers em-ployed by Members of Congress. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 15 months 
after the effective date specified in sub-section (e), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the results of the review completed under subsection (a). 
(d) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veterans 
service organization’’ means any organiza-tion recognized by the Secretary for the rep-resentation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 212. INCLUSION IN ANNUAL BUDGET SUB-
MISSION OF INFORMATION ON CA-PACITY OF VETERANS BENEFITS AD-MINISTRATION TO PROCESS BENE-FITS CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Along with the sup-
porting information included in the budget submitted to Congress by the President pur-suant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the President shall include in-formation on the capacity of the Veterans Benefits Administration to process claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, including information described in subsection (b), dur-ing the fiscal year covered by the budget with which the information is submitted. 
(b) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The informa-
tion described in this subsection is the fol-lowing: 
(1) An estimate of the average number of 
claims for benefits under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary, excluding such claims completed during mandatory over-time, that a single full-time equivalent em-ployee of the Administration can process in a year, based on the following: 
(A) A time and motion study that the Sec-
retary shall conduct on the processing of such claims. 
(B) Such other information relating to 
such claims as the Secretary considers ap-propriate. 
(2) A description of the actions the Sec-
retary will take to improve the processing of such claims. 
(3) An assessment of the actions identified 
by the Secretary under paragraph (2) in the previous year and an identification of the ef-fects of those actions. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
apply with respect to any budget submitted as described in subsection (a) with respect to any fiscal year after fiscal year 2017. 
SEC. 213. REPORT ON STAFFING LEVELS AT RE-
GIONAL OFFICES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AFTER TRANSITION TO NATIONAL WORK QUEUE. 
Not later than 15 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate 
and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the criteria and procedures that the Secretary will use to determine appropriate staffing levels at the regional offices of the Depart-ment once the Department has transitioned to using the National Work Queue for the distribution of the claims processing work-load. 
SEC. 214. ANNUAL REPORT ON PROGRESS IN IM-
PLEMENTING VETERANS BENEFITS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than each of 
one year, two years, and three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the progress of the Sec-retary in implementing the Veterans Bene-fits Management System. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the current 
functionality of the Veterans Benefits Man-agement System. 
(2) Recommendations submitted to the 
Secretary by employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs who are involved in proc-essing claims for benefits under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary, including vet-erans service representatives, rating vet-erans service representatives, and decision review officers, for such legislative or admin-istrative action as the employees consider appropriate to improve the processing of such claims. 
(3) Recommendations submitted to the 
Secretary by veterans service organizations who use the Veterans Benefits Management System for such legislative or administra-tive action as the veterans service organiza-tions consider appropriate to improve such system. 
(c) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veterans 
service organization’’ means any organiza-tion recognized by the Secretary for the rep-resentation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 215. REPORT ON PLANS OF SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS TO REDUCE IN-VENTORY OF NON-RATING WORK-LOAD. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that details the plans of the Secretary to reduce the inventory of work items listed in the Monday Morning Workload Report under End Products 130, 137, 173, 290, 400, 600, 607, 690, 930, and 960. 
SEC. 216. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INCREASED 
TRANSPARENCY RELATING TO CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS AND AP-PEALS OF DECISIONS RELATING TO BENEFITS IN MONDAY MORNING WORKLOAD REPORT. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs should include in each Monday Morning Workload Report pub-lished by the Secretary the following: 
(1) With respect to each regional office of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs, the fol-lowing: 
(A) The number of fully developed claims 
for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary that have been received. 
(B) The number of claims described in sub-
paragraph (A) that are pending a decision. 
(C) The number of claims described in sub-
paragraph (A) that have been pending a deci-sion for more than 125 days. 
(2) Enhanced information on appeals of de-
cisions relating to claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary that are pending, including information con-
tained in the reports of the Department enti-tled ‘‘Appeals Pending’’ and ‘‘Appeals Work-load By Station’’. 
Subtitle C—Other Benefits Matters 
SEC. 221. MODIFICATION OF PILOT PROGRAM 
FOR USE OF CONTRACT PHYSICIANS FOR DISABILITY EXAMINATIONS. 
Section 504 of the Veterans’ Benefits Im-
provement Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–275; 38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) L
ICENSURE OF CONTRACT PHYSICIANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any law 
regarding the licensure of physicians, a phy-sician described in paragraph (2) may con-duct an examination pursuant to a contract entered into under subsection (a) at any lo-cation in any State, the District of Colum-bia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or pos-session of the United States, so long as the examination is within the scope of the au-thorized duties under such contract. 
‘‘(2) P
HYSICIAN DESCRIBED .—A physician de-
scribed in this paragraph is a physician who— 
‘‘(A) has a current license to practice the 
health care profession of the physician; and 
‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for 
the Department of Veterans Affairs pursuant to a contract entered into under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 222. DEVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES TO IN-
CREASE COOPERATION WITH NA-TIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall jointly develop and im-plement procedures, including requirements relating to timeliness, to improve the timely provision to the Secretary of such informa-tion in the possession of the Chief as the Sec-retary requires to process claims submitted to the Secretary for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the implementation of the procedures under subsection (a), the Secretary and the Chief shall jointly submit to Congress a report de-scribing— 
(1) the requests for information relating to 
records of members of the National Guard made by the Secretary to the Chief pursuant to such procedures; and 
(2) the timeliness of the responses of the 
Chief to such requests. 
SEC. 223. REVIEW OF DETERMINATION OF CER-
TAIN SERVICE IN PHILIPPINES DUR-ING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense and such military histo-rians as the Secretary of Defense rec-ommends, shall review the process used to determine whether a covered individual served in support of the Armed Forces of the United States during World War II in accord-ance with section 1002(d) of title X of Divi-sion A of the American Recovery and Rein-vestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5; 38 U.S.C. 107 note) for purposes of determining whether such covered individual is eligible for payments described in such section. 
(b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—In this section, 
a covered individual is any individual who timely submitted a claim for benefits under subsection (c) of section 1002 of title X of Di-vision A of the American Recovery and Rein-vestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5; 38 U.S.C. 107 note) based on service as described in subsection (d) of that section. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.053 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7952 November 10, 2015 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the 
Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port detailing any findings, actions taken, or recommendations for legislative action with respect to the review conducted under sub-section (a). 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON BENEFITS FOR DISQUALI -
FYING CONDUCT UNDER NEWPROCESS PURSU -
ANT TO REVIEW .—If pursuant to the review 
conducted under subsection (a) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines to establish a new process for the making of payments as described in that subsection, the process shall include mechanisms to ensure that in-dividuals are not treated as covered individ-uals for purposes of such payments if such individuals engaged in any disqualifying con-duct during service described in that sub-section, including collaboration with the enemy or criminal conduct. 
SEC. 224. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUBMITTAL 
OF INFORMATION RELATING TO CLAIMS FOR DISABILITIES IN-CURRED OR AGGRAVATED BY MILI-TARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should submit to Congress information on the covered claims submitted to the Sec-retary during each fiscal year, including the information specified in subsection (b). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The information specified 
in this subsection with respect to each fiscal year is the following: 
(1) The number of covered claims sub-
mitted to or considered by the Secretary during such fiscal year. 
(2) Of the covered claims under paragraph 
(1), the number and percentage of such claims— 
(A) submitted by each gender; (B) that were approved, including the num-
ber and percentage of such approved claims submitted by each gender; and 
(C) that were denied, including the number 
and percentage of such denied claims sub-mitted by each gender. 
(3) Of the covered claims under paragraph 
(1) that were approved, the number and per-centage, listed by each gender, of claims as-signed to each rating percentage of dis-ability. 
(4) Of the covered claims under paragraph 
(1) that were denied— 
(A) the three most common reasons given 
by the Secretary under section 5104(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, for such denials; and 
(B) the number of denials that were based 
on the failure of a veteran to report for a medical examination. 
(5) Of the covered claims under paragraph 
(1) that were resubmitted to the Secretary after denial in a previous adjudication— 
(A) the number of such claims submitted 
to or considered by the Secretary during 
such fiscal year; 
(B) the number and percentage of such 
claims— 
(i) submitted by each gender; (ii) that were approved, including the num-
ber and percentage of such approved claims submitted by each gender; and 
(iii) that were denied, including the num-
ber and percentage of such denied claims submitted by each gender; 
(C) the number and percentage, listed by 
each gender, of claims assigned to each rat-ing percentage of disability; and 
(D) of such claims that were again denied— (i) the three most common reasons given 
by the Secretary under section 5104(b)(1) of such title for such denials; and 
(ii) the number of denials that were based 
on the failure of a veteran to report for a medical examination. 
(6) The number of covered claims that, as 
of the end of such fiscal year, are pending and, separately, the number of such claims 
on appeal. 
(7) The average number of days that cov-
ered claims take to complete beginning on the date on which the claim is submitted. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED CLAIMS .—The term ‘‘covered 
claims’’ means claims for disability com-pensation submitted to the Secretary based on post-traumatic stress disorder alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by mili-tary sexual trauma. 
(2) M
ILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA .—The term 
‘‘military sexual trauma’’ shall have the meaning specified by the Secretary for pur-poses of this section and shall include ‘‘sex-ual harassment’’ (as so specified). 
TITLE III—EDUCATION MATTERS 
SEC. 301. RETENTION OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE DURING CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) E DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE ALLOWANCE .— 
Section 16131(c)(3)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
(b) E
XPIRATION DATE.—Section 16133(b)(4) 
of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
SEC. 302. REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF STUDENTS 
RECEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 33 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection 3325(c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) the information received by the Sec-
retary under section 3326 of this title; and’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
section: 
‘‘§ 3326. Report on student progress 
‘‘As a condition on approval under chapter 
36 of this title of a course offered by an edu-cational institution (as defined in section 3452 of this title), each year, each edu-cational institution (as so defined) that re-ceived a payment in that year on behalf of an individual entitled to educational assist-ance under this chapter shall submit to the Secretary such information regarding the academic progress of the individual as the Secretary may require.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘3326. Report on student progress.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE REPORT ON 
LEVEL OF EDUCATION ATTAINED BY THOSE WHO TRANSFER ENTITLE-MENT TO POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3325(b)(1) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) indicating the highest level of edu-
cation attained by each individual who transfers a portion of the individual’s enti-tlement to educational assistance under sec-tion 3319 of this title; and’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. REPORTS ON EDUCATIONAL LEVELS AT-
TAINED BY CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT TIME OF SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—Each Sec-
retary concerned shall submit to Congress each year a report on the educational levels attained by members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) under the juris-diction of such Secretary who separated from the Armed Forces during the preceding year. 
(b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—The members of 
the Armed Forces described in this sub-section are members of the Armed Forces who transferred unused education benefits to family members pursuant to section 3319 of title 38, United States Code, while serving as members of the Armed Forces. 
(c) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE IV—EMPLOYMENT AND 
TRANSITION MATTERS 
SEC. 401. REQUIRED COORDINATION BETWEEN 
DIRECTORS FOR VETERANS’ EM-PLOYMENT AND TRAINING WITH STATE DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR AND VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4103 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION WITHSTATE DEPART -
MENTS OF LABOR AND VETERANS AFFAIRS .— 
Each Director for Veterans’ Employment and Training for a State shall coordinate the Director’s activities under this chapter with the State department of labor and the State department of veterans affairs.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 402. REPORT ON JOB FAIRS ATTENDED BY 
ONE-STOP CAREER CENTER EM-PLOYEES AT WHICH SUCH EMPLOY-EES ENCOUNTER VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 136(d)(1) of the 
Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2871(d)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The report also shall include information, for the year pre-ceding the year the report is submitted, on the number of job fairs attended by One-Stop Career Center employees at which the em-ployees had contact with a veteran, and the number of veterans contacted at each such job fair.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 403. REVIEW OF CHALLENGES FACED BY EM-
PLOYERS SEEKING TO HIRE VET-ERANS AND SHARING OF INFORMA-TION AMONG FEDERAL AGENCIES THAT SERVE VETERANS. 
(a) R EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor, in 
consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a review of— 
(A) the challenges faced by employers 
seeking to hire veterans; and 
(B) information sharing among Federal de-
partments and agencies that serve veterans and members of the Armed Forces who are separating from service. 
(2) M
ATTERS REVIEWED .—In conducting the 
review required by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Labor shall examine the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.053 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7953 November 10, 2015 
(A) The barriers employers face in gaining 
information identifying veterans who are seeking jobs. 
(B) The extent and quality of information 
sharing among Federal departments and agencies that serve veterans and members of the Armed Forces who are separating from service, including how the departments and agencies may more easily connect employers with such veterans and members. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the effective date specified in sub-section (c), the Secretary of Labor shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the review conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Recommendations for addressing the 
barriers described in subsection (a)(2)(A). 
(B) Recommendations for improving infor-
mation sharing described in subsection (a)(2)(B). 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 404. REVIEW OF TRANSITION GPS PROGRAM 
CORE CURRICULUM. 
(a) R EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor, shall conduct a review of the Department of Defense Transition GPS Program Core Cur-riculum in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) M
ATTERS REVIEWED .—The review shall 
examine the following: 
(A) The Department of Defense Transition 
GPS Program Core Curriculum in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) The roles and responsibilities of each 
Federal department participating in the Transition GPS Program and whether the various roles and responsibilities of the Fed-eral departments are adequately aligned with one another. 
(C) The allotment of time spent on issues 
under the jurisdiction of each Federal de-partment participating in the Transition GPS Program and whether the allotment is adequate to provide members of the Armed Forces with all the information the members need regarding important benefits that can assist members in transitioning out of mili-tary service. 
(D) Whether any of the information in the 
three optional tracks in the Transition GPS Program Core Curriculum should be ad-dressed more appropriately in mandatory tracks rather than optional tracks. 
(E) The benefits of and obstacles to estab-
lishing— 
(i) a standard implementation plan of long- 
term outcome measures for the Transition GPS Program; and 
(ii) a comprehensive system of metrics for 
such measures. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the review conducted under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Recommendations for improving the 
Department of Defense Transition GPS Pro-gram Core Curriculum in order to more accu-rately address the needs of members of the Armed Forces transitioning out of military service. 
(B) Recommendations for improving the 
roles and responsibilities described in sub-section (a)(2)(B). 
(C) Recommendations for improving the al-
lotment of time described in subsection (a)(2)(C). 
(D) Such recommendations as the Sec-
retary of Defense may have regarding the op-tional and mandatory tracks in the Transi-tion GPS Program Core Curriculum. 
(E) Such recommendations as the Sec-
retary of Defense may have with respect to the outcome measures and metrics described in subsection (a)(2)(E). 
(F) Identification of such other areas of 
concern as the Secretary of Defense may have with respect to the Transition GPS Program and such recommendations for leg-islative or administrative action as the Sec-retary may have to address such concerns. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 405. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
PROVISION OF PRESEPARATION COUNSELING. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 180 
CONTINUOUS DAYS OF ACTIVE DUTYSERVICE .— 
Subparagraph (A) of section 1142(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘continuous’’ before ‘‘180 days’’. 
(b) E
XCLUSION OF TRAINING FROM PERIODS  
OFACTIVE DUTY.—Such section is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘active duty’ does not include full-time training duty, annual training duty, and at-tendance, while in the active military serv-ice, at a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
TITLE V—VETERAN SMALL BUSINESS 
MATTERS 
SEC. 501. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT UNDER 
CONTRACTING GOALS AND PREF-ERENCES OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES OWNED BY VETERANS OF SMALL BUSINESSES AFTER DEATH OF DISABLED VETERAN OWNERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8127(h) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘rated as’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘disability.’’ and inserting a period; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) The date that— ‘‘(i) in the case of a surviving spouse of a 
veteran with a service-connected disability rated as 100 percent disabling or who dies as a result of a service-connected disability, is 10 years after the date of the veteran’s death; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a surviving spouse of a 
veteran with a service-connected disability rated as less than 100 percent disabling who does not die as a result of a service-con-nected disability, is three years after the date of the veteran’s death.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to applications received pursuant to 
section 8127(f)(2) of title 38, United States Code, that are verified on or after such date. 
SEC. 502. TREATMENT OF BUSINESSES AFTER 
DEATHS OF SERVICEMEMBER-OWN-ERS FOR PURPOSES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CON-TRACTING GOALS AND PREF-ERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8127 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (i) through 
(l) as subsections (j) through (m), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-
lowing new subsection (i): 
‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF BUSINESSES AFTER  
DEATH OF SERVICEMEMBER -OWNER .—(1) If a 
member of the Armed Forces owns at least 51 percent of a small business concern and such member is killed in line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service, the surviving spouse or dependent child of such member who acquires such ownership rights in such small business concern shall, for the period described in paragraph (2), be treated as if the surviving spouse or dependent child were a veteran with a service-connected disability for purposes of determining the status of the small business concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans for purposes of contracting goals and pref-erences under this section. 
‘‘(2) The period referred to in paragraph (1) 
is the period beginning on the date on which the member of the Armed Forces dies and ending on the date as follows: 
‘‘(A) In the case of a surviving spouse, the 
earliest of the following dates: 
‘‘(i) The date on which the surviving 
spouse remarries. 
‘‘(ii) The date on which the surviving 
spouse relinquishes an ownership interest in the small business concern and no longer owns at least 51 percent of such small busi-ness concern. 
‘‘(iii) The date that is ten years after the 
date of the member’s death. 
‘‘(B) In the case of a dependent child, the 
earliest of the following dates: 
‘‘(i) The date on which the surviving de-
pendent child relinquishes an ownership in-terest in the small business concern and no longer owns at least 51 percent of such small business concern. 
‘‘(ii) The date that is ten years after the 
date of the member’s death.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (i) of sec-
tion 8127 of such title, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and shall apply with respect to the deaths of members of the Armed Forces occurring on or after such date. 
TITLE VI—BURIAL MATTERS 
SEC. 601. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
STUDY ON MATTERS RELATING TO BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF VETERANS IN NATIONAL CEME-TERIES. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED .—Not 
later than one year after the effective date specified in subsection (d), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— 
(1) complete a study on matters relating to 
the interring of unclaimed remains of vet-erans in national cemeteries under the con-trol of the National Cemetery Administra-tion; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on the find-
ings of the Secretary with respect to the study required under paragraph (1). 
(b) M
ATTERS STUDIED .—The matters stud-
ied under subsection (a)(1) shall include the following: 
(1) Determining the scope of issues relating 
to unclaimed remains of veterans, including an estimate of the number of unclaimed re-mains of veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.053 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7954 November 10, 2015 
(2) Assessing the effectiveness of the proce-
dures of the Department of Veterans Affairs for working with persons or entities having custody of unclaimed remains to facilitate interment of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the National Cemetery Administration. 
(3) Assessing State and local laws that af-
fect the ability of the Secretary to inter un-claimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the National Cemetery Administration. 
(4) Developing recommendations for such 
legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(c) M
ETHODOLOGY .— 
(1) N UMBER OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS .—In es-
timating the number of unclaimed remains of veterans under subsection (b)(1), the Sec-retary may review such subset of applicable entities as the Secretary considers appro-priate, including a subset of funeral homes and coroner offices that possess unclaimed veterans remains. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT OF STATE AND LOCAL  
LAWS .—In assessing State and local laws 
under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary may assess such sample of applicable State and local laws as the Secretary considers appro-priate in lieu of reviewing all applicable State and local laws. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 701. HONORING AS VETERANS CERTAIN 
PERSONS WHO PERFORMED SERV-ICE IN THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Any person who is entitled under chapter 
1223 of title 10, United States Code, to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to re-tired pay for nonregular service shall be hon-ored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this honor. 
SEC. 702. REPORT ON LAOTIAN MILITARY SUP-
PORT OF ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES DURING VIETNAM WAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the effective date specified in sub-section (c), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and such agencies and individuals as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs considers appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on— 
(1) the extent to which Laotian military 
forces provided combat support to the Armed Forces of the United States between Feb-ruary 28, 1961, and May 15, 1975; 
(2) whether the current classification by 
the Civilian/Military Service Review Board of the Department of Defense of service by individuals of Hmong ethnicity is appro-priate; and 
(3) such recommendations as the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs may have for legislative action. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 703. RESTORATION OF PRIOR REPORTING 
FEE MULTIPLIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During the 10-year period 
beginning on September 26, 2015, the second sentence of subsection (c) of section 3684 of title 38, United States Code, shall be ap-
plied— 
(1) by substituting ‘‘$8’’ for ‘‘$12’’; and (2) by substituting ‘‘$12’’ for ‘‘$15’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 406 
of the Department of Veterans Affairs Expir-ing Authorities Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 175; 38 U.S.C. 3684 note), as amended by sec-tion 410 of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–58), is hereby repealed. 
The title amendment was agreed to, 
as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the furnishing of health care to vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve the processing by the Depart-ment of claims for disability compensation, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
SPACE ACT OF 2015 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 2262 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
An bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro- 
growth environment for the developing com-mercial space industry by encouraging pri-vate sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Cruz substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2805) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2262), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
PRO BONO WORK TO EMPOWER 
AND REPRESENT ACT OF 2015 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 2280, introduced earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2280) to promote pro bono legal 
services as a critical way in which to em-power survivors of domestic violence. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the 
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 2280) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2280 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pro bono 
Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2015’’ or ‘‘POWER Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Extremely high rates of domestic vio-
lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking exist at the local, State, and na-tional levels and such violence or behavior harms the most vulnerable members of our society. 
(2) According to a study commissioned by 
the Department of Justice, nearly 25 percent of women suffer from domestic violence dur-ing their lifetime. 
(3) Proactive efforts should be made avail-
able in all forums to provide pro bono legal services and eliminate the violence that de-stroys lives and shatters families. 
(4) A variety of factors cause domestic vio-
lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking, and a variety of solutions at the local, State, and national level are necessary to combat such violence or behavior. 
(5) According to the National Network to 
End Domestic Violence, which conducted a census including almost 1,700 assistance pro-grams, over the course of 1 day in September 2014, more than 10,000 requests for services, including legal representation, were not met. 
(6) Pro bono assistance can help fill this 
need by providing not only legal representa-tion, but also access to emergency shelter, transportation, and childcare. 
(7) Research and studies have dem-
onstrated that the provision of legal assist-ance to victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking re-duces the probability of such violence or be-havior reoccurring in the future and can help survivors move forward. 
(8) Legal representation increases the pos-
sibility of successfully obtaining a protec-tive order against an attacker, preventing further mental and physical injury to a vic-tim and his or her family, demonstrated by a study that found that 83 percent of victims represented by an attorney were able to ob-tain a protective order compared to 32 per-cent of victims without an attorney. 
(9) The American Bar Association Model 
Rules include commentary that ‘‘every law-yer, regardless of professional prominence or professional workload, has a responsibility to provide legal services to those unable to pay, and personal involvement in the prob-lems of the disadvantaged can be one of the most rewarding experiences in the life of a lawyer’’. 
(10) As representatives of the Department 
of Justice, the duty of United States Attor-neys is to present ‘‘equal and impartial jus-tice to all its citizens,’’ which should in-clude, especially, survivors of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking who might not otherwise know how to seek advice and protection. 
(11) As Federal leaders who have knowl-
edge of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking in their local-ities, United States Attorneys should en-courage lawyers to provide pro bono re-sources in an effort to help victims of such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.053 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7955 November 10, 2015 
violence or behavior to escape the cycle of 
abuse. 
(12) A dedicated army of pro bono attor-
neys focused on this mission will inspire oth-ers to devote efforts to this cause and will raise awareness of the scourge of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking throughout the country. 
(13) Communities, by providing awareness 
of pro bono legal services and assistance to survivors of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking, will em-power those survivors to move forward with their lives. 
SEC. 3. U.S. ATTORNEYS TO PROMOTE EMPOWER-
MENT EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less often than once each year there-after, each United States Attorney, or his or her designee, for each judicial district shall lead not less than 1 public event, in partner-ship with a State, local, tribal, or territorial domestic violence service provider or coali-tion and a State or local volunteer lawyer project, promoting pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking and engage citizens in assisting those survivors. 
(b) D
ISTRICTS CONTAINING INDIAN TRIBES  
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—During each 3- 
year period, a United States Attorney, or his or her designee, for a judicial district that contains an Indian tribe or tribal organiza-tion (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)) shall lead not less than 1 public event promoting pro bono legal services under subsection (a) in partnership with an Indian tribe or tribal organization with the intent of increasing the provision of pro bono legal services for Indian or Alaska Native victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each United States 
Attorney shall— 
(1) have discretion on the design, organiza-
tion, and implementation of the public events required under subsection (a); and 
(2) in conducting a public event under sub-
section (a), seek to maximize the local im-pact of the event and the provision of access to high-quality pro bono legal services by survivors of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL .— 
Not later than October 30 of each year, each United States Attorney shall submit to the 
Attorney General a report detailing each public event conducted under section 3 dur-ing the previous fiscal year. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1 
of each year, the Attorney General shall sub-mit to Congress a compilation and summary of each report received under subsection (a) for the previous fiscal year. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each comprehensive re-
port submitted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude an analysis of how each public event meets the goals set forth in this Act, as well as suggestions on how to improve future pub-lic events. 
SEC. 5. FUNDING. 
The Department of Justice shall use exist-
ing funds to carry out the requirements of this Act. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-
sider the following nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Foreign Service: PN643, PN800, and PN877; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc; the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume leg-islative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
NOMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
PN643 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(101) beginning Jennifer Ann Amos, and end-ing Holly Rothe Wielkoszewski, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 8, 2015. 
PN800 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(127) beginning Kreshnik Alikaj, and ending Brett David Ziskie, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN877–1 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations 
(404) beginning Jason Douglas Kalbfleisch, and ending Stuart MacKenzie Hatcher, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 21, 2015. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am 
pleased that the Senate passed several lists for more than 600 career pro-motions in the Foreign Service. I spoke earlier this week about these pro-motions, and I am pleased that Senator G
RASSLEY has allowed these lists to 
pass this evening. 
Regardless of which party controlled 
the Senate, Foreign Service promotion lists have moved without political in-terference. That is until recently. In August, Senator G
RASSLEY decided to 
block the promotions of more than 20 career officials in order to pursue the same agenda we saw the Republicans go after with the Benghazi committee. 
I have spoken with Senator G
RASS -
LEYabout this issue. Holding back the 
promotions of career Foreign Service officers is not the way the Senate should be operating. The 20 officials that are still being blocked include of-ficers stationed in Cambodia, Kenya, Rwanda, Ethiopia, and other nations. 
Although I am pleased about the Sen-
ate passing more than 600 promotions this evening, the senior Senator from Iowa should drop his holds on career diplomats and give these 20 officials the promotions they have earned. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Monday, November 16, the Senate 
proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 141; that there be 30 minutes of debate on the nomination; that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomina-tion without intervening action or de-bate; that following disposition of the nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
COMMITTEE -REPORTED SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT  
WITHDRAWN  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that not with-standing the passage of H.R. 2029, the committee-reported substitute be with-drawn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING ISRAEL AND CON-
DEMNING PALESTINIAN TERROR ATTACKS 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 292, S. Res. 302. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 302) expressing the 
sense of the Senate in support of Israel and in condemnation of Palestinian terror at-tacks. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Blumenthal amendment to the resolu-tion be agreed to; the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; the Blumenthal amendment to the preamble be agreed to; the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2807) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To urge the international commu-
nity to condemn the Palestinian terror at-tacks) 
On page 5, line 1, strike ‘‘the President 
and’’. 
The resolution (S. Res. 302), as 
amended, was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO6.049 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7956 November 10, 2015 
The amendment (No. 2808) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To add a whereas clause regarding 
President Obama’s condemnation of Pales-tinian violence against innocent Israeli citizens) 
Insert after the eleventh whereas clause of 
the preamble the following: 
Whereas President Barack Obama con-
demned in the strongest terms Palestinian 
violence against innocent Israeli citizens and expressed his ‘‘strong belief that Israel has not just the right, but the obligation to pro-tect itself’’; 
The preamble, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
The resolution, as amended, with its 
preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 302 
Whereas Israel is a democratic ally and 
major strategic partner of the United States, as codified by the United States-Israel Stra-tegic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296), and cooperation between Israel and the United States continues to increase in importance with a swiftly shifting security situation in the Middle East and North Afri-ca; 
Whereas Jerusalem is an undivided city, 
eternal capital of Israel, holiest city for the Jewish people, central to the worship of three monotheistic religions, and unique in the Middle East region as a city of religious tolerance where Israel guarantees access, se-curity, and respect for the three monothe-istic religions to worship in peace at holy sites; 
Whereas, upon Israel securing control of 
Jerusalem in 1967, it has maintained a policy of keeping the Haram Al Sharif specifically open for Muslim prayer, welcoming over 3,500,000 regular worshipers annually; 
Whereas the Government of Israel upholds 
the 1994 Treaty of Peace Between the State of Israel and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jor-dan, which states in Article Nine that each party ‘‘will provide freedom of access to places of religious and historical signifi-cance,’’ as well as ‘‘act together to promote interfaith relations among the three mono-theistic religions, with the aim of working toward religious understanding, moral com-mitment, freedom of religious worship, and tolerance and peace’’; 
Whereas Yasser Arafat, Chairman of the 
Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), committed in his exchange of letters with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on September 9, 1993, that ‘‘the PLO renounces the use of terrorism and other acts of vio-lence and will assume responsibility over all PLO elements and personnel in order to as-sure their compliance,’’ and under the subse-quent 1995 Oslo II Accord, the Palestinians pledged to ‘‘abstain from incitement, includ-ing hostile propaganda . . . [and to] take legal measures to prevent such incitement by any organizations, groups or individuals within their jurisdiction’’; 
Whereas the President of the Palestinian 
Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, wrongly an-nounced during the tenth anniversary of Yasser Arafat’s death in November 2014 that Israel has no claim to Jerusalem, that the Temple Mount will not be allowed to be ‘‘contaminated’’ by Jews, and that Jewish prayer on the Temple Mount would lead to a ‘‘devastating religious war’’; 
Whereas President Abbas falsely claimed 
during his address to the United Nations General Assembly in September 2015 that the Government of Israel has used ‘‘brutal force to impose its plans to undermine the Islamic and Christian sanctities in Jerusalem’’ and announced that the Palestinian Authority is no longer bound by the Oslo Accords; Whereas Israel has in recent weeks been 
subjected to an alarming wave of terrorism directed against innocent civilians by Pal-estinians armed with knives, meat cleavers, guns, and cars; 
Whereas there have been approximately 69 
such attacks since the beginning of October 2015, leaving 11 Israelis dead and another 145 wounded; 
Whereas United States citizens have lost 
their lives as a result of these terrorist at-tacks, including Richard Lakin and Eitam Henkin; 
Whereas these random, gruesome attacks 
are intended to instill a sense of fear among the people of Israel leading their normal lives, and also destabilize security for both Palestinians and Israelis; 
Whereas President Barack Obama con-
demned in the strongest terms Palestinian violence against innocent Israeli citizens and expressed his ‘‘strong belief that Israel has not just the right, but the obligation to pro-tect itself’’; 
Whereas Israel, Jordan, and the United 
States have reached an agreement regarding the installation of surveillance cameras on the Temple Mount in accordance with the re-spective responsibilities of the Israeli au-thorities and the Jordanian Waqf; 
Whereas President Abbas has helped to fuel 
the current violence in recent weeks by falsely casting Israel as the brutal aggressor in multiple public speeches, refusing to con-demn the lethal terror attacks, and failing to acknowledge Israel’s right to self-defense; 
Whereas President Abbas’ statements are 
part of a pattern of incitement among Pales-tinian leaders that includes denial of the Jewish heritage of Jerusalem, paying month-ly salaries to the families of imprisoned Pal-estinian terrorists, praising slain terrorists as martyrs, demonizing Jews in official Pal-estinian Authority media, and encouraging attacks on social media; and 
Whereas Palestinian leaders have repeat-
edly threatened to suspend cooperation and further encouraged violence by blaming Israel for killing Palestinian perpetrators of these heinous crimes: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns these brutal attacks in the 
harshest terms possible; 
(2) welcomes Israel’s commitment to the 
continued maintenance of the status quo on the Temple Mount; 
(3) urges the international community to 
join in forcefully condemning these Pales-tinian terror attacks; 
(4) clarifies that there is no justification 
for these types of attacks and that there is a direct correlation between the recent up-surge in violence and Arab incitement re-garding the Temple Mount; 
(5) stands with the people of Israel during 
these difficult days; 
(6) supports Israel’s right to self-defense 
and rejects any suggestion of the moral equivalence of Israeli security personnel pro-tecting its citizens from senseless violence 
and terrorists intent to deliberately take in-nocent lives; 
(7) supports the agreement reached to in-
stall surveillance cameras on the Temple Mount according to the arrangements to be determined between the parties; 
(8) calls upon President Abbas to stop all 
incitement by Palestinian officials and by Palestinian media, to strongly and unequivo-cally demand an end to the violence, and to take all steps necessary to halt these at-tacks; 
(9) expresses support and admiration for in-
dividuals and organizations working to en-courage cooperation between Israelis and Palestinians; (10) encourages President Abbas to con-
tinue strengthening and maintaining secu-rity cooperation with Israel; 
(11) reiterates that Palestinian political 
goals will never be achieved through vio-lence; and 
(12) calls on all parties to return to the ne-
gotiating table immediately and without preconditions, as direct discussions remain the best avenue to ending the Israeli-Pales-tinian conflict. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 
16, 2015 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn under the provisions of H. Con. Res. 92 until 3 p.m., Monday, November 16; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 5 p.m.; finally, that at 5 p.m., the Senate then proceed to executive session as under the pre-vious order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator S
ESSIONS for 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Alabama. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
thank the Presiding Officer, and I thank Senator M
URKOWSKI for her 
courtesy. 
f 
FIFTH CIRCUIT COURT DECISION 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, we 
had a very important court of appeals ruling last night. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals reviewed the injunc-tion that had been issued by Judge Hanen in Texas, that blocked the President’s determination to carry out his DAPA Executive amnesty plan. The court found it improper and unlawful, and ordered it to be stopped. 
It recalls for us the fact that when 
the President announced he was going to do this no matter what—before the election—great public outcry arose. Then he said—for political reasons, ob-viously—well, I am not going to do it before the election, but I will do it after the election. That is when I will issue this Executive amnesty and give lawful presence and Federal benefits and Social Security cards and work au-thorization to millions of people—4.3 million here in the country illegally. It is a dramatic thing. So the country was in an uproar about it. It was a big 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.089 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7957 November 10, 2015 
factor in the Republicans winning a 
huge majority in the House and a surg-ing majority in the Senate. 
So what was this all about? Well, 
Judge Hanen found that this was wrong. The President didn’t have au-thority to take people Congress has said are here illegally and give them food stamps, health care, Medicaid, and work authorization. It went against the law. He couldn’t do that. And he found that this was such an egregious action that it needed to be stopped now through an injunction before the trial even completed. So it was that injunc-tion, that blocking of the President’s amnesty, that went up on appeal to the Fifth Circuit, and they upheld Judge Hanen’s decision. 
First, 26 States—over half the 
States—participated in this litigation against the President’s order, and they were found to have legal standing. 
Then the court found this critical 
legal fact: They found that the States that were objecting to the President’s order were likely to succeed in the final court ruling and on appeal. They found that it would likely succeed. And they noted this, referring to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security: 
At its core, this case is about the Sec-
retary’s decision to change the immigration classification of millions of illegal aliens on a class-wide basis. 
The Court went on to say: 
DAPA would make 4.3 million otherwise 
removable aliens eligible for lawful presence, employment authorization, and associated benefits, and we must be guided to a degree by common sense as to the manner in which Congress is likely to delegate a policy deci-sion of such economic and political mag-nitude to an administrative agency. 
They basically were saying that they 
see no evidence that such a huge event would be delegated to the administra-tive bureaucrats at the Department of Homeland Security. Congress, in fact, I believe—and the court went on to say— explicitly laid out how we deal with this. 
The Fifth Circuit rejected President 
Obama’s claim that he could issue em-ployment documents—the right to work in America—to persons illegally here in any way he sees fit. That is what the administration argued. The court condemned that interpre-
tation, saying: 
The interpretation of those provisions that 
the Secretary advances would allow him to grant lawful presence and work authoriza-tion to any illegal alien in the United States—an untenable position in light of the Immigration and Nationality Act’s intricate system of immigration classifications and employment eligibility. Even with ‘‘special deference’’ to the Secretary, the INA flatly does not permit the reclassification of mil-lions of illegal aliens as lawfully present and thereby make them newly eligible for a host of federal and state benefits, including work authorization. 
That is an absolute refutation of the 
President’s position, as well it should be, because anybody who is familiar with that debate last year knew that it was bogus. The American people knew that argument was bogus, and the court affirmed it just last night with clarity and consistency. 
They said: Well, historically, the 
Secretaries have done some of these things. 
The court doubted that. Quote: 
Historical practice that is so far afield 
from the challenged program sheds no light on the Secretary’s authority to implement DAPA. Indeed, as the district court recog-nized, the President explicitly stated that ‘‘it was the failure of Congress to enact such a program that prompted him . . . to ‘change the law.’’’ 
He asked for this. He asked for legis-
lation to do this, and the House of Rep-resentatives said no. And he did it any-way. And the court of appeals slapped that down as being above the powers of the President of the United States, as indeed it is. 
The court found that this DAPA Pro-
gram is foreclosed by Congress’s care-ful plan. Quote: ‘‘The program is ‘mani-festly contrary to statute’ and there-fore was properly enjoined.’’ 
The President of the United States 
has a duty to the law, a duty to enforce the law whether he likes it or not, and he has a duty to carry out the law. That is his oath. He is the Chief Execu-tive. He is the person responsible for ensuring that the laws of the United States are carried out, and he breached his duty and took steps to absolutely eviscerate law passed by Congress. And being unhappy that Congress refused to 
change it as he wished it to be changed, he just did it anyway. And that is wrong. The court has slapped him down, as they should. 
I hope the American people under-
stand that somewhere in this system there is a commitment to law and to propriety and to the right of Congress. Congress is going to have to continue to work on this. It should boldly assert its prerogative to pass laws and its pre-rogative not to fund Executive amnes-ties, or any other program we don’t think is worthy of being funded. 
Mr. President, I thank the Chair and 
yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
NOVEMBER 16, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 3 p.m. on Monday, November 16, under the provi-sions of H. Con. Res. 92. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:05 p.m., 
adjourned until Monday, November 16, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate November 10, 2015: 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
JENNIFER ANN AMOS AND ENDING WITH HOLLY ROTHE WIELKOSZEWSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 8, 2015. 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
KRESHNIK ALIKAJ AND ENDING WITH BRETT DAVID ZISKIE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2015. 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
JASON DOUGLAS KALBFLEISCH AND ENDING WITH STU-ART MACKENZIE HATCHER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 21, 2015. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on Novem-ber 10, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF BRIG. GEN. RANDALL R. 
BALL, TO BE MAJOR GENERAL, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON FEBRUARY 4, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G10NO6.091 S10NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
D1203 Tuesday, November 10, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House 
of Representatives to S. 1356, National Defense Authorization Act. 
Senate passed H.R. 2029, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7869–S7957 
Measures Introduced: Twenty bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2262–2281, and S. Res. 312.
                                                          Pages S7912–13 
Measures Reported: 
Report to accompany S. 1334, to strengthen en-
forcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conven-tions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Con-vention. (S. Rept. No. 114–166) 
S. Res. 302, expressing the sense of the Senate in 
support of Israel and in condemnation of Palestinian terror attacks.
                                                               Page S7912 
Measures Passed: 
National Defense Authorization Act: Senate 
agreed to H. Con. Res. 90, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356, after taking action on the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
             Page S7878 
Adopted: 
McCain Amendment No. 2796, to modify the res-
olution.                                                                            Page S7878 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act: By a unani-
mous vote of 93 yeas (Vote No. 302), Senate passed H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military con-struction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, after withdrawing the committee reported substitute amendment, and taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S7871–75, S7878–81 Adopted: 
Kirk (for Moran) Amendment No. 2774 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to prohibit the use of funds to pay for the transfers or relocations of senior execu-tives of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
                                                                                            Page S7879 
McConnell (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 
2775 (to Amendment No. 2763), to require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to Congress a report evaluating the implementation by the Department of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014.
                                                                 Page S7879 
McConnell (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 
2776 (to Amendment No. 2763), to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a re-port on the provision of health care to veterans in Alaska through the use of non-Department of Vet-erans Affairs health care providers.
                   Page S7879 
Tester (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 2779 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to require that amounts ap-propriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for medical and prosthetic research are used to ensure the provision of gender appropriate prosthetics and to conduct research related to toxic exposure. 
                                                                                            Page S7879 
Tester (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 2781 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to require that amounts ap-propriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for medical supplies and equipment are used to procure gender appropriate prosthetics.
                           Page S7879 
Kirk (for Toomey/Casey) Amendment No. 2785 
(to Amendment No. 2763), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out Fast Letter 13–10 or create or maintain certain patient record-keeping systems. 
                                                                                            Page S7879 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10NO5.REC D10NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1204 November 10, 2015 
Kirk (for Sullivan/Murkowski) Amendment No. 
2786 (to Amendment No. 2763), to require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to Congress a report on the recruitment and reten-tion of health care providers by the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                         Page S7879 
Kirk (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 2787 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a report on the implementation by the Department of Veterans Affairs of section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 in rural areas. 
                                                                                            Page S7880 
Kirk (for Collins) Amendment No. 2788 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to require a report on the use of social security numbers by the Department of Veterans Affairs and the plans of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to discontinue such use.
      Page S7880 
Kirk (for Cornyn/Cruz) Amendment No. 2789 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a report on wait times for medical appointments at the South Texas Veterans Health Care System of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs.
                                       Page S7880 
Tester (for Bennet) Amendment No. 2795 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the impact of combat service on suicide rates and other mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces and veterans.
                                                                Page S7880 
Tester (for Durbin) Amendment No. 2794 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to modify the amounts ap-propriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for medical services and medical and prosthetic research. 
                                                                                            Page S7880 
Tester (for Boxer) Amendment No. 2798 (to 
Amendment No. 2763), to make available $5,000,000 for a pilot program on awarding grants to provide furniture, household items, and other as-sistance to formerly homeless veterans moving into permanent housing.
                                                  Page S7880 
Tester (for Brown/Tillis) Amendment No. 2801 
(to Amendment No. 2763), to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and publish an action plan for improving the vocational rehabilitation serv-ices and assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                         Page S7880 
Kirk/Tester Amendment No. 2763, in the nature 
of a substitute.                                              Pages S7871, S7881 
Withdrawn: 
Kirk Amendment No. 2764 (to Amendment No. 
2763), to clarify the term ‘‘congressional defense committees.’’
                                                 Pages S7871, S7881 
21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery Act: 
Senate passed S. 1203, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the furnishing of health care to veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, 
to improve the processing by the Department of claims for disability compensation, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, the title amendment, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S7939–54 
Murkowski (for Isakson) Amendment No. 2806, 
relating to reports on public access to Department of Veterans Affairs research.
                                       Page S7946 
SPACE Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation was discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 2262, to facilitate a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space in-dustry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory con-ditions, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S7954 
Murkowski (for Cruz) Amendment No. 2805, in 
the nature of a substitute.                                      Page S7954 
Promote Pro Bono Legal Services: Senate passed 
S. 2280, to promote pro bono legal services as a crit-ical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence.
                                                                  Pages S7954–55 
Expressing Support of Israel: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 302, expressing the sense of the Senate in sup-port of Israel and in condemnation of Palestinian ter-ror attacks, after agreeing to the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S7955–56 
Murkowski (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 
2807, to urge the international community to con-demn the Palestinian terror attacks.
                Page S7955 
Murkowski (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 
2808, to add a whereas clause regarding President Obama’s condemnation of Palestinian violence against innocent Israeli citizens.
                        Page S7956 
House Messages: 
National Defense Authorization Act: By 91 yeas 
to 3 nays (Vote No. 301), Senate agreed to the mo-tion to concur in the amendment of the House of Representatives to S. 1356, to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Management pro-mulgates and makes effective regulations relating to such provisions.
                                                  Pages S7875–78 
Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act—Motions To Instruct Con-ferees: Senate began consideration of the amendment 
of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 22, to authorize funds for Fed-eral-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, disagreed to the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10NO5.REC D10NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1205 November 10, 2015 
Senate to the bill, agreed to the request from the 
House of Representatives for a conference, and au-thorized the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees, after taking action on the following motions to in-struct conferees on the part of the Senate on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill to be instructed to insist on the inclusion in the final con-ference report the following motions proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S7881–87 
Adopted: 
By 56 yeas to 31 nays (Vote No. 304), Wicker 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist upon inclusion of the following section in title XXXII: Truck Trac-tor-Semitrailer-Trailer Combination Length Limita-tion. The Secretary may promulgate a rule to in-crease the minimum length limitation that a State may prescribe for a truck tractor-semitrailer-trailer combination under section 31111(b)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, from 28 feet to 33 feet if the Secretary makes a statistically significant finding, based on the final Comprehensive Truck Size and Weight Limit Study required under section 32801 of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhance-ment Act of 2012 (title II of division C of Public Law 112–141), that such increase would not have a net negative impact on public safety.
     Pages S7886–87 
Blumenthal Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist 
upon the inclusion of the rail safety provisions con-tained in the amendment passed by the Senate on July 30, 2015, including the authorization of grants for the installment of positive train control. 
                                                                                            Page S7887 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 82 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. 303), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to disagree to the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, agree to the request from the House of Representatives for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees.
                                                      Page S7886 
The Chair was authorized to appoint the following 
conferees on the part of the Senate: Senators Inhofe, Thune, Hatch, Murkowski, Fischer, Barrasso, Cor-nyn, Boxer, Brown, Nelson, Wyden, Durbin, and Schumer.
                                                                        Page S7887 
Hall Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous-con-
sent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, November 16, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York; that there be 30 minutes of debate on the nomination, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the 
nomination, without intervening action or debate; and that no further motions be in order to the nomi-nation.
                                                                             Page S7955 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                            Pages S7955, S7957 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Beth F. Cobert, of California, to be Director of the 
Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years. 
A routine list in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                            Pages S7955, S7957 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S7957 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7911 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7911–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7913–15 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7915–17 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7910–11 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7918–38 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7938–39 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. 
(Total—304)                               Pages S7878, S7881, S7886–87 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 92, at 7:05 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, Novem-ber 16, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7957.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
GOLDWATER-NICHOLS REFORM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine 30 years of Goldwater-Nichols reform, after receiving testimony from John J. Hamre, Center for Strategic and International Stud-ies, on behalf of the Defense Policy Board Advisory Committee, James R. Locher III, Joint Special Oper-ations University, and Jim Thomas, Center for Stra-tegic and Budgetary Assessments, all of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10NO5.REC D10NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1206 November 10, 2015 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. 2184, to direct the President to establish 
guidelines for United States foreign development and economic assistance programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
H.R. 515, to protect children from exploitation, 
especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered child- sex offenders outside the United States to the gov-ernment of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, with amendments; 
S. Res. 302, expressing the sense of the Senate in 
support of Israel and in condemnation of Palestinian terror attacks; 
An original resolution calling upon the President 
to condemn the ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and to urge the prosecution of the perpetrators and those complicit in these crimes; 
Protocol Amending the Convention between the 
United States of America and the Swiss Confed-eration for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed at Washington on October 2, 1996, signed on September 23, 2009, 
at Washington, as corrected by an exchange of notes effected November 16, 2010 and a related agreement effected by an exchange of notes on September 23, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 112–01); 
Protocol Amending the Convention between the 
Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Preven-tion of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on In-come and Capital, signed on May 20, 2009, at Lux-embourg (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’) and a related agreement effected by the exchange of notes also signed on May 20, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 111–08); 
Convention between the Government of the 
United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Hungary for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 4, 2010, at Budapest (the ‘‘proposed Convention’’) and a related agreement effected by an exchange of notes on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 111–07); 
The Convention between the Government of the 
United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Chile for the Avoidance of Double Tax-ation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Re-spect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed in Washington on February 4, 2010, with a Protocol 
signed the same day, as corrected by exchanges of notes effected February 25, 2011, and February 10 and 21, 2012, and a related agreement effected by exchange of notes (the ‘‘related Agreement’’) on Feb-ruary 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–08); 
The Protocol Amending the Convention on Mu-
tual Administrative Assistance in Tax Matters, done at Paris on May 27, 2010 (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), which was signed by the United States on May 27, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–05); 
The Protocol Amending the Convention between 
the United States of America and the Kingdom of Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and its Protocol, signed at Madrid on February 22, 1990 (Treaty Doc. 113–04); 
The Convention between the United States of 
America and the Republic of Poland for the Avoid-ance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 13, 2013, at Warsaw (Treaty Doc. 113–05); 
The Protocol Amending the Convention between 
the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Japan for the Avoidance of Dou-ble Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and a related agree-ment entered into by an exchange of notes (together the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), both signed on January 24, 2013, at Washington, together with correcting notes exchanged March 9 and March 29, 2013 (Trea-ty Doc. 114–01); and 
The nominations of Linda I. Etim, of Wisconsin, 
to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, Ken-neth Damian Ward, of Virginia, for the rank of Am-bassador during his tenure of service as United States Representative to the Organization for the Prohibi-tion of Chemical Weapons, John Morton, of Massa-chusetts, to be Executive Vice President of the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the United Mexican States, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Uganda, Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Swaziland, H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Mozambique, Peter Wil-liam Bodde, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to Libya, and Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Virginia, to be an Under Secretary (Political Affairs), all of the Department of State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10NO5.REC D10NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1207 November 10, 2015 
ISIS IN SYRIA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on the campaign against ISIS in Syria from Brett McGurk, Deputy Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, De-partment of State. INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, Novem-ber 16, 2015, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 92. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1174) 
H.R. 313, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability. Signed on No-vember 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–75) 
H.R. 322, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. Signed on Novem-ber 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–76) 
H.R. 323, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–77) 
H.R. 324, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–78) 
H.R. 558, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–79) H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group. Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–80) 
H.R. 774, to strengthen enforcement mechanisms 
to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to im-plement the Antigua Convention. Signed on Novem-ber 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–81) 
H.R. 1442, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. Signed on Novem-ber 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–82) 
H.R. 1884, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 206 West Commer-cial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Of-ficer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Build-ing’’. Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–83) 
H.R. 3059, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building. Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–84) 
S. 1362, to amend title XI of the Social Security 
Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–85) 
S. 2162, to establish a 10-year term for the service 
of the Librarian of Congress. Signed on November 5, 2015. (Public Law 114–86) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 11, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10NO5.REC D10NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1208 November 10, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, November 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, November 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House was not in session 
today. The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, November 16, 2015, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 92. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10NO5.REC D10NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST