Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4867 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 2015 No. 105 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
OLDING ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 8, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G EORGE  
HOLDING to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
DOES THE U.S. HAVE A PLAN TO 
DEFEAT ISIS? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
President ‘‘avoids the battle, com-plains, and misses opportunities.’’ Those were the words of Leon Panetta, President Obama’s former Secretary of Defense and CIA Director, in 2011. 
At the time, Panetta, along with 
military commanders and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, recommended that the United States leave 24,000 troops in Iraq to prevent that country from fall-ing apart and becoming chaotic. Ac-
cording to Panetta, the administration was ‘‘so eager to rid itself of Iraq that it was willing to withdraw rather than lock in arrangements that would pre-serve American influence and our in-terests.’’ 
So the President ignored the advice 
of his own Secretary of Defense and top commanders and pulled troops out of Iraq in 2011. The timing, just before the 2012 Presidential election, to me, ap-peared to be based on the politics of po-litical convenience, not our own na-tional interests. 
In any event, what is taking place 
today in 2015? Enter the Islamic State, ISIS. ISIS took advantage of the power vacuum left by America’s absence. So today ISIS is stronger than ever, spreading its reign of terror through-out the region. 
ISIS practices religious genocide 
against people that don’t agree with it. They have redefined the term ‘‘bar-barian’’ to an all new low. They rape, pillage, loot, behead, and burn those in this ISIS war against the world’s peo-ple. 
ISIS not only controls a massive 
amount of territory in the Middle East, it also controls the minds of thousands of foreign fighters, many from the United States. It is a sophisticated criminal enterprise that uses any and all ways to recruit, fundraise, and spread terror. It even uses American social media companies to promote its cause. Through American companies like Twitter, ISIS is instantly and free-ly spreading its cancer of Islamic ex-tremism to teenagers, recruiting them to join the jihad and then launch at-tacks on the streets of America. 
Since the President announced his 
campaign against ISIS, we have seen embarrassing results. Even the Presi-dent admitted that the United States did not have a complete strategy. 
The ISIS terror has been going on for 
over a year and we don’t have a plan to defeat them? This doesn’t make a 
whole lot of sense. 
The United States must answer this 
question: Is ISIS a national security threat to us? If the answer is yes, then we must defeat them; and Congress needs to weigh in on this and make this decision. 
If we decide that ISIS is a national 
security threat, then, of course, we need strategy, a complete strategy. The administration’s plan so far is to train mercenaries to fight ISIS. How-ever, just this week, Secretary of De-fense Carter admitted that the United States has trained, get this, 60 so- called moderate Syrian rebels to fight ISIS—just 60. 
The $500 million program that was 
supposed to fund 3,000 fighters before the end of 2015 has trained 60. So if I do my math correctly, Mr. Speaker, we are spending about $8 million per fight-er right now. That is abysmal. That is no way to fight and win a war against terror. 
Also, there are more Americans 
fighting with ISIS rebels than we have trained fighters to fight against ISIS. Meanwhile in Iraq, just 8,800 fighters have been trained to fight ISIS com-pared to the goal of 24,000. 
This administration’s strategy to de-
feat ISIS seems to be in chaos. Even the Kurds want to do their own fight-ing, and they have asked us for mili-tary support. Our allies want to send direct aid to the Kurds, but the admin-istration won’t let them do that. They have to send it through Baghdad for some reason. 
It is time for the administration to 
stop being indecisively weak and do the obvious. It needs to lead in this war against ISIS, and it needs to listen to the commanders. 
The United States needs to act and 
have a plan to defeat this determined, well-financed enemy. It is a terrorist enterprise that is at war with us. 
And that is just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.000 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4868 July 8, 2015 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
last month Congress dealt with a trade package that centered on trade pro-motion authority; and those actions, while important, were really just the beginning of a very long process. 
Many important provisions of the 
Trans-Pacific Partnership, the TPP, are still unresolved. There is a meeting at the end of this month in Hawaii where the finance ministers of 12 coun-tries come together in an attempt to resolve these final questions. 
As I pointed out in my last meeting 
with the President, while I think trade promotion authority is important and worthy of support, that support does not imply support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
Indeed, because of the protections we 
built into the trade promotion author-ity, it sets an appropriately high stand-ard for approval. Everybody in America will have several months to examine the proposal if an agreement is reached to see if it measures up before the trea-ty can even be voted on by Congress. 
I am hopeful that we can use this 
time to clarify and refine areas, for ex-ample, the investor state dispute proc-ess. While the United States’ investor state protections for public health and consumers are stronger than for most countries and are separate from the foreign investor state models that are being used by the United States Cham-ber of Commerce to promote the inter-ests of Big Tobacco to undercut efforts to discourage smoking, there is still room for us to improve and clarify the American model, and we should do so. 
Another important area deals with 
trade enforcement. Agreements that look good on paper, if they are not en-forceable or enforced, are essentially meaningless. It is extremely important for the administration to demonstrate its commitment to enforcement. 
We are trying to help with legislation 
that I have introduced in the House that we have been able to get in part of the Senate package that would create a trade enforcement fund dedicated to help make sure agreements are en-forced. 
Another step the administration 
could take immediately is to deal with disturbing actions in Peru that seem to undercut commitments that were made in the existing Peru free trade agree-ment dealing with illegal logging. It appears that Peru has backtracked on its commitments and that illegally harvested timber is finding its way into international markets and, indeed, into the United States. It would be a simple act for the administration to take that would demonstrate its com-mitment to strong enforcement by starting with Peru right now. 
Another area that I am working on 
deals with access to medicines. It ap-pears that the TPP draft falls short on incentives for affordability and con-
sumer protections and the trade pro-motion authority objective to ‘‘ensure that trade agreements foster innova-tion and promote access to medicines.’’ We need some work here. 
The May 10 agreement that was 
struck in 2007, which I was pleased to participate in, struck the right bal-ance, creating incentives for innova-tion in pharmaceutical research and access to timely and affordable medi-cine for developing countries. This was achieved in part by requiring changes to provisions dealing with patent link-age where it looks like TPP is moving in the wrong direction. 
The TPP includes new provisions 
which, while not addressed in the May 10 agreement, are inconsistent with its spirit and its intent of ensuring timely access to affordable medicines in devel-oping countries. For example, with bio-logic medicines, it appears the United States is seeking both patent linkage and 12 years of data exclusivity for all countries. The former would require a change in U.S. law, and the latter would prevent America from changing our laws to lower the exclusivity pe-riod, as has been proposed in the Presi-dent’s own budget proposal. The com-bination of these two would have enor-mous cost implications both at home and abroad. 
These are examples where I am work-
ing to make sure the final agreement measures up to the criteria we have es-tablished in the trade promotion au-thority. 
I urge the administration and my 
colleagues to be clear about our intent and our expectations in order for any final agreement to be worthy of broad support. 
f 
BACKPACK BUDDIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, last week I had the pleasure of meeting with Doug Erwin. Doug is an extraordinary member of our West 
Virginia community who started the charitable organization called Back-pack Buddies. 
In the summer, Backpack Buddies 
gives meal supplements to children in elementary, middle, and high schools who received free or reduced lunches during the school year. Oftentimes, the meal that they receive at school is the only food that they eat all day. 
Doug became concerned about what 
these children did for food during the summer. That is when Doug started Backpack Buddies. 
For the last 3 years, communities in 
my district in the great State of West Virginia have come together to raise money to provide food to these chil-dren so they can get the extra help they need during the summer. Back-pack Buddies is serving, now, over 1,600 children in Putnam, Boone, Cabell, and Kanawha Counties this summer. I would like to thank Doug, the busi-
ness leaders in our community, and the volunteers who help make Backpack Buddies possible. 
WAR ON COAL  
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. On a 
separate issue, Mr. Speaker, several weeks ago, President Obama sent two of his top cronies in his war on coal, In-terior Secretary Sally Jewell and Of-fice of Surface Mining Director Joseph Pizarchik, to my home State of West Virginia. 
The apparent purpose of their visit 
was to seek input for a new Obama reg-ulation that is estimated to kill 80,000 coal jobs, but their rule had already been submitted for final review. They are not interested in hearing from West Virginians about the impact of their policies. Instead, they are checking a box. 
It is clear that nothing will stop this 
President from trying to implement his radical environmental agenda, and I will continue to do everything in my power to fight back on behalf of all West Virginians. That is why, this year, I introduced H.R. 1644, the STREAM Act, which will stop the President’s antimining regulations. I also included a provision in the House budget resolution that calls for defunding that regulation, and I will work with the appropriators to make sure it is not funded. 
I hope my colleagues in this Chamber 
will join me in this fight. 
f 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, since the 
Supreme Court decision in Citizens United, we have seen a massive wave of secret spending in our political system. There was over $100 million in dark, unregulated, and anonymous money spent in the 2014 midterm election cycle; and with the Presidential race right around the corner, that number is expected to balloon to over $600 mil-lion. 
While the problem is easy to identify, 
the solution is far more difficult to achieve. Reluctantly, I have concluded that it is necessary to amend our Con-stitution to address a long line of case law that began before Citizens United and prevents the Congress from mean-ingfully regulating campaign expendi-tures. The constitutional amendment must not only overturn Citizens United, but the Arizona Free Enter-prise Club’s Freedom Club PAC v. Ben-nett decision, which struck down an Arizona law that allowed public financ-ing of a candidate if their opponent ex-
ceeded certain spending limits. 
The amendment is simple. It would 
allow Congress to set reasonable limits on expenditures and allow States to set up public financing for candidates if they choose to do so. 
b1015 
I first ran for Congress in 2000, in a 
campaign that turned out to be the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.012 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4869 July 8, 2015 
most expensive in U.S. history and 
helped propel new campaign finance re-form. It was this first-hand experience which convinced me that our elections have increasingly come to be polluted by ever-increasing amounts of unregu-lated outside spending. 
Millions of dollars in soft money, 
spending that avoided limits because of misguided legal distinctions between contributions to a candidate and inde-pendent expenditures in support of a candidate, plagued that 2000 race and almost every major Federal race since. 
On my very first day in Congress, I 
cosponsored the McCain-Feingold Bi-partisan Campaign Finance Reform Act, which attempted to ban soft money expenditures and allowed for public financing of campaigns. The bill passed, and for a brief window, the campaign finance system became more transparent and limited. That was, sadly, short lived. 
With Citizens United, the Supreme 
Court struck down decades of restric-tions on corporate campaign spending and freed corporations to spend unlim-ited funds to run campaign advertise-ments. 
The court has also allowed wealthy 
individuals and groups to spend with impunity, with only a theoretical re-striction that they do not coordinate with campaigns, but the reality is that the FEC has dismissed 29 cases in which super-PACs were suspected of il-legally coordinating with candidates without even investigating the claims. 
Frustrating as it is for a candidate to 
contend with attacks by super-PACs or soft money, as I was, disclosure laws at least allow us to alert voters to the special interest which is behind those expenditures. Candidates being drowned out in attacks paid for by dark money, however, don’t have that luxury. 
Groups who raise dark money do so 
by exploiting IRS regulations, desig-nating them ‘‘social welfare non-profits,’’ which allow them to operate tax exempt and raise unlimited money completely anonymously. 
Nothing about funneling millions in 
secret dollars to support campaigns could be construed to be in the interest of social welfare—nothing. Social wel-fare nonprofits are supposed to limit their political activity, but IRS audits, even of groups that spend vast amounts of their time and budget in support of candidates, are extremely rare. 
Investigations into complaints of 
abuse can take years, at which point an election will long be over, the dam-age done. 
The Supreme Court has overturned 
decades of legal precedent, the regu-latory process is at a standstill, and still, we watch billions pour into cam-paigns and in increasingly anonymous fashion. 
Sadly, we are left with one option, a 
constitutional amendment that allows Congress to set reasonable limits on both donations and expenditures and shines the light of day on both. IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to join my colleagues to express a deep concern about the ongoing negotia-tions with Iran over the country’s nu-clear capabilities. 
As many of my colleagues have noted 
on the floor of this House, preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon is critical to securing peace in the re-gion and protecting U.S. interests, in-cluding our close ally Israel. 
It was good to hear Secretary Kerry’s 
recent commitment not ‘‘to shave any-where at the margins in order to just get an agreement’’ and to work for an agreement that will pass scrutiny. However, media reports from the nego-tiations in Vienna indicate that Iran has tried to renegotiate the previously released framework and continues to demand further concessions from inter-national negotiators. 
Among the latest demands from 
Tehran is that all United Nations sanc-tions against the country, including the ban on the import or export of con-ventional arms, be lifted as part of any deal. 
Well, I have a response to that de-
mand: unacceptable. Lifting the arms embargo would serve only to further destabilize the Middle East and accel-erate Iran’s arming of Shiite militias. 
The Iranians have also sought to 
keep hidden Iran’s current and pre-vious efforts to gain nuclear weapons capability. How can the international community know with certainty that Iran is complying with an agreement to reduce significantly its enrichment activities if the full extent of these ac-tivities is kept secret? 
It defies logic that such a request 
should be made and makes far less sense for such a request to be given any serious consideration. 
Likewise, demands to limit IAEA in-
spectors to select sites, to install ab-surd bureaucratic processes to access additional sites, and to prohibit alto-gether inspections of so-called military sites should be fully rejected. 
Ultimately, it is critical that any 
deal prevents Iran from gaining nu-clear weapons capabilities and ensures that international inspectors can vali-date their adherence to an agreement’s negotiated terms. If Iran cannot nego-tiate in good faith, then perhaps it is time to leave the negotiating table al-together. 
f 
STRONG STEM EDUCATION POLICY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, in a 
few short hours, we are going to be vot-ing in this Chamber on a rewrite of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which is long overdue. It has been 13 years since the No 
Child Left Behind Act was passed, and many educators and probably all Mem-bers have heard a lot of the clumsy and unworkable provisions that need a re-write. More importantly, there are other reasons why it is time for a new law for our K–12 system. 
Educating our children is a dynamic 
process, and everything from tech-nology in the classroom, as well as the workforce needs of our national econ-omy, have drastically changed in the last 13 years. 
Clearly, as a nation, we need to use 
this rewrite of Federal education law as an opportunity to equip our Nation, and particularly our children and grandchildren, with the tools they need to succeed. 
One area which we all know needs up-
dating and strengthening is the area of STEM education—science, technology, engineering, and math. Employers all across the country are desperate to try and find incoming young people into our workforce who have these skills to succeed. 
The good news is, in the last 13 years, 
STEM occupations have grown three times faster than non-STEM occupa-tions. In addition, the average income is two times higher in terms of the wages of STEM-educated workers com-pared to non-STEM. That is the good news. 
The bad news is that only 16 percent 
of graduating high school seniors are interested in STEM. If you drill down deeper, young girls and young minori-ties are woefully underrepresented in the single digits. 
Clearly, we need to move stronger as 
a nation in the area of STEM. If you look globally, China is producing 23 percent of the world’s STEM degree graduates—the U.S., only 10 percent. 
Mr. Speaker, if you go back 58 years 
ago, our 34th President, Dwight Eisen-hower, confronted a similar moment of 
crisis in terms of our education sys-tem. 
In October 1957, the Soviet Union 
launched the Sputnik satellite, which shocked our Nation. We realized we were falling behind and that we needed to step up our game in terms of our educational and research system. This Republican President led the charge to pass the National Defense Education Act in 1958, which boosted and set a na-tional goal, a national priority, for science and research across our coun-try. 
At the time that he signed the bill in 
1958, he said that, in both education and research, we needed to redouble our exertions, which will be necessary on the part of all Americans if we are to rise to the demands of our times. 
He also noted that this bill, the Na-
tional Defense Education Act, back in 1958, would ‘‘do much to strengthen our American system of education so it can meet the broad and increasing demands imposed upon it by considerations of basic national security.’’ 
Fast forward 57 years, we now have a 
national STEM education coalition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.004 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4870 July 8, 2015 
made up of employers like Microsoft, 
the National Association of Manufac-turers, and the American Farm Bu-reau, who have come together with a core set of principles on how we can today, in 2015, boost teachers with these hard science degrees in our ele-mentary and high schools, how we can drill down and encourage, again, under-represented groups such as young girls and minorities to get involved and en-gaged in education. 
We came forward on the Education 
and the Workforce Committee with an amendment supported by the STEM co-alition, and it was rejected on a party- line vote by the Republican majority, who said that the national government had no business being involved in local and State education policy. That is to-tally unacceptable in terms of the challenges that our Nation faces today. 
Unfortunately, the Rules Committee 
rejected our amendment from even being voted on today as part of the up-date of the No Child Left Behind bill. 
Again, it is the ultimate measuring 
stick of the failure of this bill to ad-dress the needs our Nation faces in terms of K–12 education policy. We should follow the example of this gen-tleman. He understood that at times, we have to rise up as a full nation. 
We can’t rely on one local wealthy 
school district to invest in science and technology and engineering and math and leave behind other populations in this country because, as a nation, we need to come together to address and succeed and face this challenge. It will bring good things in terms of higher in-come and more growth for our country if we embrace these types of policies. 
The good news is that the Republican 
chairman of the Senate Education Committee did embrace the STEM edu-cation coalition provisions, and they have put it in their bill. 
Today, unfortunately, we are going 
to go do this exercise, this theater of passing a bill which woefully fails the test in terms of what our Nation faces today, but hopefully, later in the proc-ess, a conference committee will come together, and we will follow the exam-ple of Dwight Eisenhower and our bi-partisan coalition of the 1950s to allow this Nation to have the tools to suc-ceed. 
We need to pass strong STEM edu-
cation policy for our young children. 
f 
513TH AIR CONTROL GROUP 
DEPLOYMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to salute more than 40 citizen air-men of the 513th Air Control Group de-ploying to Southwest Asia this month in support of Operation Inherent Re-solve in Iraq and Syria and also con-tinuing operations in Afghanistan. 
The 513th is the Nation’s only Re-
serve unit flying the E–3 AWACS air-craft. I am proud that the 513th is 
based at Tinker Air Force Base in my home State of Oklahoma, and it is commanded by Colonel David W. Rob-ertson. 
I flew the Navy version of the 
AWACS, the E–2 Hawkeye, both on Ac-tive Duty and as a reservist. The AWACS is the Air Force’s ‘‘quarter-back in the sky,’’ calling the plays and managing the fight from an airborne platform. 
I know firsthand that the AWACS is 
absolutely essential to projecting air power. Without it, our forces would be like an orchestra with no conductor. 
Mr. Speaker, we just celebrated yet 
another year of independence. We should remember that our war of inde-pendence was fought almost exclu-sively by citizen warriors, ordinary citizens who put their lives on hold and at risk, many of them giving the ulti-mate sacrifice for our independence. 
The 513th continues our great citizen 
warrior tradition. Among the citizen airmen deploying are Realtors, IT spe-cialists, and even a pastor. We should recognize that this is a voluntary as-signment. These reservists have raised their hands and answered the call vol-untarily, when less than 1 percent of our fellow citizens serve in the mili-tary. 
Mr. Speaker, the 513th demonstrates 
the value of our military’s Reserve component and National Guardsmen. Looking across the 513th, you will find skill standards, capabilities, and oper-ational readiness rates equal to or bet-ter than the Active component. 
When I was in the Reserves flying the 
E–2 Hawkeye, I can tell you that the amount of talent that we held in the Reserve component was amazing. It was very clear that these folks had the confidence, the capability, and the in-stitutional knowledge to carry on the tradition of excellence that was in the Navy when they moved to the Re-serves. 
The amount of talent and skills is 
also true with the Air Force. We saw it when you think about the fighter squadrons that fought in the opening days of the war in Afghanistan. The Reserve fighter squadron was the one that had the highest percentage of bombs on target. 
The Reserve and the Air National 
Guard are critical to our Nation’s mili-tary readiness. It is important to re-tain and even expand the reserve com-ponent size, missions, and capabilities. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, while I rise to 
give a special thanks to the 513th re-servists deploying to Southwest Asia, let me also mention this unit’s other recent accomplishments. 
To say that the 513th is in high de-
mand would be a huge understatement. In the past 6 months, the 513th has con-trolled training missions for over 200 fighters and bombers, supported crit-ical flight tests, managed air operation center support in Germany, and con-trolled eight large-force exercises, in-cluding Felix Virgo in Louisiana, Northern Edge in Alaska, and 
CHUMEX in Florida. 
Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by once 
again recognizing the citizen airmen of the 513th Air Control Group from Tin-ker Air Force Base. 
f 
b1030 
OPPOSE H.R. 5 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) for 
5 minutes. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in op-position to the current version of H.R. 5, the House Republican bill which seeks to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and en-courage my colleagues to adopt the Democratic substitute offered by Ranking Member B
OBBY SCOTT. 
Let me start by reading you a quote 
that truly strikes me as telling of where we have come from and where we find ourselves today. On May 22, 1964, at the University of Michigan, Presi-dent Lyndon Baines Johnson re-marked: 
In many places, classrooms are over-
crowded and curricula are outdated. Most of our qualified teachers are underpaid, and many of our paid teachers are underquali-fied. So we must give every child a place to sit and a teacher to learn from. Poverty is not a bar for learning, and learning must often escape from poverty. 
President Johnson went on to say: 
But more classrooms and more teachers 
are just not enough. We must seek an edu-cational system which grows in excellence as it grows in size. This means better training for our teachers. It means preparing our youth to enjoy their hours of leisure as well as their hours of labor. It means exploring new techniques of teaching, to find new ways to stimulate the love of learning and the ca-pacity for creation. 
Let’s just take a moment to let that 
sink in. 
Those were words read in 1964, during 
President Johnson’s Great Society Speech. Almost every single point in President Johnson’s remarks has direct import of the perils our education sys-tem faces today. 
Teachers are still underpaid, and in 
so many areas, underqualified. Class-room sizes are increasing, and the qual-ity of education is continuing to dete-riorate. 
Hunger and poverty continue to af-
flict our inner-city students in an alarmingly disproportionate rate, and disparity of resources and access to a quality education seems, at times, to continue expanding. The achievement gap between our most impoverished students remains inextricably tied to the wealth gap, and the numbers are discouraging. 
Instead of moving forward by improv-
ing on and implementing lessons learned from the failed policies of No Child Left Behind, H.R. 5 guts the core intent of the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.005 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4871 July 8, 2015 
H.R. 5 is like a blast from the past 
and fails our students and their fami-lies in a myriad of ways. Among some of the most egregious provisions in this proposed iteration of ESEA, H.R. 5 in-cludes the concept of portability for title I funds. 
Sold and messaged as a promotion of 
choice, portability instead adversely affects students who are in schools and districts with the highest concentra-tion of poverty and need. In short, portability is a ruse, one that takes re-sources from, rather than gives to our most underserved and needy children. 
Additionally, as the ranking member 
of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and a longtime advocate of STEM—science, technology, mathe-matics, and engineering—education, I was alarmed by the utter and complete exclusion of any reference to STEM education within this base text. 
We should be retooling our education 
system to fit the needs of our ever- evolving globalized economy, not run-ning back to the factory-style edu-cation that doesn’t provide our chil-dren with the skills they need to com-pete. 
Education is the ladder to oppor-
tunity and central to keeping alive the American Dream. We must fight to en-sure that every single child, regardless of their background, is given the oppor-tunity to reach their God-given poten-tial. 
No matter what race—Black, White, 
Hispanic, Asian, or Native American— rich, poor, immigrant or not, we must remain steadfast in our dedication to equality and the equity of opportunity. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to take 
this bill back to the drawing board and make sure that education in America is reflective of our principles as a na-tion. I urge my colleagues to make sure that we protect the American Dream and keep America the land of equal opportunity. 
If you work hard and play by the 
rules, everyone deserves a fair shot and a fair shake at a fulfilling life. The ZIP Code you grow up in should not deter-mine the life you live. 
f 
NATIONAL DAIRY MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, although we have re-cently entered into July, I rise today in recognition of National Dairy Month, which has taken place every June since 1937. 
As I travel across Pennsylvania and 
throughout the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District, I am always in-spired by our farmers and our farm families. They work hard. They work 7 days a week. Their work is arduous, and the challenges of running a farm are never ending. 
Mr. Speaker, farming isn’t just a 
business to these hardworking folks; it is the fabric of rural America. The 
Commonwealth’s history is rooted in agriculture, and the dairy industry continues to be the largest sector of this industry. 
Most, about 99 percent of our dairy 
farms in Pennsylvania, are family- owned and operated, and our average herd size is about 72 head. 
The Commonwealth’s robust dairy 
industry produces 10 billion pounds of milk annually, and that number con-tinues to surge. In fact, Pennsylvania ranks fifth in the Nation when it comes to dairy production. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of National Dairy Month, in support of our dairy farmers and farm families, and to also say thank you to all of these folks for providing us with food and fiber. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST REAUTHORIZE 
THE ELEMENTARY AND SEC-ONDARY EDUCATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, today we 
find ourselves on the House floor yet again debating H.R. 5. After several months of delay, the majority party has yet to realize that this bill is not in the best interest of America’s chil-dren. 
We all agree that Congress must re-
authorize a strong Elementary and Secondary Education Act. H.R. 5 does not meet the test. 
Any reauthorization must ensure 
that education is properly funded at the State and Federal level for all of America’s children; that all students have access to a well-rounded edu-cation, which includes subjects like physical education, music, and the arts; and that students are annually as-sessed, which allows for parents and teachers to measure students’ progress. 
H.R. 5 does none of these things. In-
stead, it fails our students, our teach-ers, and our families. The bill dras-tically reduces education funding, eliminates and weakens protections for disabled students, fails to provide a well-rounded education for all stu-dents, and generally makes it more dif-ficult to educate those for whom the act was designed to protect. 
The bill turns title I funding into a 
block grant. The program would dis-proportionately harm disadvantaged and low-income students. Schools across the country, including some in my own congressional district, rely on these funds to help ensure children are given a fair chance to meet State aca-demic standards. 
H.R. 5 also allows title I dollars to 
become portable, which would divert much-needed funds from the highest need poverty schools and districts. 
H.R. 5 removes requirements that 
States ensure students graduate from high school college and career ready. The bill focuses primarily on math and reading assessments, without providing any programmatic support for literacy, 
for STEM, and for other subjects that provide a well-rounded curriculum. It eliminates wraparound support serv-ices, which are very important to needy students. It eliminates after-school, family engagement, physical, dental, and mental health programs. 
This year, we commemorate the 50th 
anniversary of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The bill, es-sentially a civil rights law, reaffirmed that every child has the right to an equal opportunity for a quality edu-cation. 
However, H.R. 5 undermines the law’s 
original intent, turning back the clock on equity and accountability in Amer-ican public education and ignores the needs of America’s most vulnerable students. H.R. 5 is a step backward in our country’s education system. This legislation fails our students and their families. 
America deserves better. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE LAND AND 
WATER CONSERVATION FUND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, this week the House will be considering the appropriations bill for the Department of the Interior for the upcoming fiscal year. 
I rise today to express my support for 
a robust and continued funding for and the permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Over this past Independence Day 
weekend, I was particularly reminded of how so many of us enjoy the natural wonders of our hometowns and commu-nities, from picnics at playgrounds, baseball games on municipal rec-reational fields, honoring our heritage and celebrating our independence with fireworks, music and parades at local historic sites and parks. 
That is part of why the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund is so impor-tant. It helps our communities protect critical lands by providing State and local governments with necessary fund-ing and flexibility to develop and im-prove lands for public access and rec-reational enjoyment. It is part of high-lighting the heritage and character in my district in southeastern Pennsyl-vania. 
My home State of Pennsylvania has 
received approximately $295 million in the past five decades from the Land and Conservation Water Fund. It has protected places with national signifi-cance, such as Gettysburg National Military Park, Valley Forge National Historical Park, and John Heinz Wild-life Refuge. 
In addition, in my congressional dis-
trict, we can thank the Land and Water Conservation Fund for helping fund the building of the Birdsboro Waters Forest Legacy project, pro-tecting critical woodlands at the East 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.006 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4872 July 8, 2015 
Coventry Wineberry Estates, expanding 
Shaw’s Bridge in East Bradford Town-ship, and enhancing Pottstown Bor-ough Memorial Park with a new dog park, pavilions, restrooms, ball fields, 
and walking trails. 
Mr. Speaker, one thing that was ap-
parent this past weekend was just how integral our public lands and outdoor recreation areas are to our heritage, civic identity, and local community. 
I believe the Land and Water Con-
servation Fund is one of our most im-portant conservation programs and an excellent example of a bipartisan com-mitment to safeguarding natural re-sources, promoting our cultural herit-age, and expanding recreational oppor-tunities not just for a moment in time, but for future generations as well. 
I also believe it is a program that al-
lows our local communities to dream big about how to best go about enhanc-ing their communities for their resi-dents. 
As an original cosponsor of H.R. 1814, 
which would permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund, I am looking forward to working with my colleagues in an effort to help communities across this country cre-ate lasting legacies of public access to the cultural and recreational opportu-nities identified by officials in their local communities as being worthy of funding for future projects. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT FAILS 
STUDENTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, today I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 5, the so-called Stu-dent Success Act. I am deeply dis-appointed in the majority for bringing such an economically careless and so-cially egregious bill to the floor today. 
If passed, H.R. 5 would take more 
than $7 million from the highest need schools in my home State of Alabama. It is really an abomination that this body would do this to our constituents and do this to our students. 
H.R. 5 abandons the Federal Govern-
ment’s historic role in elementary and secondary education. Furthermore, this bill neglects our sacred responsi-bility to ensure that all children, irre-spective of race, class, disability, or so-cioeconomic class, are given the oppor-tunity to attain a high quality edu-cation. 
Each of us in this body has the oppor-
tunity to send our own children to the finest K–12 institutions in this country, but our privilege isn’t universal, and we shouldn’t legislate as if it is. 
In the Seventh Congressional Dis-
trict of Alabama, that privilege, the ability to send our children to the pri-vate schools or public schools of choice, is nearly nonexistent. 
b1045 
More than 70 percent of the public 
school students in my district receive free or reduced lunch, and they live in 
families that live below the poverty line. And of the 26 school districts that serve my constituents, only two of them have a poverty rate that is less than 56 percent. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act was first written in recogni-tion of the impact that concentrated poverty has on a school system’s abil-ity to adequately support the edu-cational programs needed to serve vul-nerable communities. 
But H.R. 5 would strip the ESEA of 
the protections for these students by diverting title I funds. This approach is backwards, and our children deserve better. If I were grading this bill, I would definitely give it an F. 
As a proud product of Selma High 
School, this is deeply personal to me. Today more than 90 percent of the Selma High School students in my dis-trict, from my old high school, receive free and reduced lunch. Under H.R. 5, this school would lose nearly 20 percent of its Federal funding. 
The greatest opportunity that we can 
give any child is a quality education. This is why I cannot support this bill, which diverts title I funds from 92 per-cent of the schools in my district. This would further tilt the playing field against poor kids. 
These children belong to all of us. 
Unfortunately, this bill is proof that somewhere along the line we have abandoned the most sacred American principle, that all children—I mean all children—are our children. 
We cannot deny that a rising tide 
lifts all boats. The economic and social costs of refusing to accept these facts are steep. 
When President Johnson signed the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act in 1964, he stated, ‘‘As President of the United States, I believe deeply no law I have signed or will ever sign means more to the future of America than this bill.’’ President Johnson was right then, and he is right now. 
To promote our educational progress, 
we must replace No Child Left Behind with a strong bipartisan bill, one that advances what works and improves upon what does not. Unfortunately, this bill does neither. 
I urge this body to oppose this reck-
less bill, H.R. 5. Our children deserve better. Our constituents deserve better. This Nation deserves better. 
f 
KELO V. NEW LONDON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
morning to highlight an issue that I believe we must pay closer attention to in this Chamber and in this Congress. You see, on June 23, Mr. Speaker, we marked the tenth anniversary of an important Supreme Court case. That case was Kelo v. New London. 
Now, the title of the case really 
means nothing. But I point to Susette Kelo, who I have here depicted in this 
picture. She was the plaintiff in that case. And what happened in that case was this, Mr. Speaker, a real tragedy: 
She was told by her government that 
they were going to take her home and give it to another private owner for de-velopment. You heard me right, Mr. Speaker. She was told that her home was going to be taken by our govern-ment because they were picking the winners and losers because they felt they knew best how to utilize her prop-erty and give it to another private owner to develop it the way that pri-vate owner wanted to do. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, Susette Kelo 
stood up. She fought this fight. She was told by her friends, she was told by her real estate agents, she was told by her lawyers: Just roll over. The govern-ment always wins, and they are going to win this battle. 
But she fought it all the way to the 
Supreme Court. And what happened, however, is that that advice from her friends and from her real estate agent and her lawyers came true. The govern-ment won. 
But that day we all lost, as American 
citizens. Because here is what hap-pened after that case. She lost her home. And this is a picture of her prop-erty—well, no longer her property—but that property, as it exists today. They demolished her home. They took her property. She lost her piece of the American Dream. And the result of it is a vacant lot that sits in New London. 
Mr. Speaker, I highlight this case 
today because it reminds us of an issue that we must fight for, and that is a fundamental freedom that we all enjoy as American citizens, to own and to use our property. 
It is something that is fundamental 
to our U.S. Constitution. It is some-thing fundamental to us as American citizens. And it is time for us to unite, as Republicans and Democrats, and say enough is enough. We must push back on Big Government. We must stand with individuals. 
This land belongs to them, not our 
government. And that is something that I am afraid that started 10 years ago and continues to this day with ac-tions of Big Government day in and day out, where government regula-tions, government overreach—local, Federal, State level—act in a way that takes away these fundamental prop-erty rights that so many have fought for. 
So in Congress I have led the fight. I 
formed the Private Property Rights Caucus, with Members from Maine to Alabama to California. I have spon-sored and authored the Defense of Property Rights Act to say enough is enough. We are going to stand with in-dividuals, and we are going to fight this Big Government overreach. 
Mr. Speaker, these hard-fought 
rights have come at the expense of so many, the blood of those who fought to preserve our freedoms, the blood of our Founding Fathers and the vision they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.007 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4873 July 8, 2015 
set forth in our Constitution. And this 
Kelo case was a moment in time at a drop of a gavel when those funda-mental rights were threatened and lost. 
So I stand today and ask my col-
leagues and all of the people across America to stand with us, to stand with me, to make sure we coordinate our efforts to make sure that our fun-damental property rights are protected and individuals like Susette Kelo are rewarded for her bravery in taking the fight. 
Though she may have lost that bat-
tle, I stand with her to win this war to protect our fundamental property rights that so many have fought for over the years. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT FALLS 
SHORT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise in opposition to H.R. 5. 
Education is a civil right. And when 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act was passed in 1965, its pur-pose was to ensure access to a quality education for our neediest students that are often low income and minor-ity. 
We can all agree that ESEA reau-
thorization is long overdue. However, the proposal put forth by Republicans falls short and makes a bad situation worse. 
Each day that No Child Left Behind 
is law is one more day that we are, in fact, leaving children behind. 
H.R. 5 is not the answer. Voting for 
this bill means voting against our stu-dents, our teachers, and our schools. A vote for H.R. 5 is a vote to take money from our poorest and most at-risk stu-dents. It is a vote to erase the edu-cational gains we have made over the past 50 years. It is a vote to deny many of our students a chance at real suc-cess. 
It is time to wake up. It is time to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 5. 
Congress passed ESEA 50 years ago 
with the intent of protecting our stu-dents by providing quality and equal education. Today, instead of putting forth a bipartisan bill that moves us closer to equal and quality education for every child, Republicans have intro-duced a bill to roll back the hands of time and undo our progress. 
H.R. 5 turns its back on some of our 
most vulnerable student populations. It lacks the accountability measures to ensure student success. 
A report from the Southern Edu-
cation Foundation found that more than 50 percent of our public school students live in poverty. Title I has al-ways been the main source of Federal funding for our country’s poorest stu-dents. 
H.R. 5 would reverse this long-
standing practice and, instead, remove money from our school districts with 
the greatest need, diluting their ability to meaningfully fund programs that serve low-income students. 
At a time when 40 percent of college 
students take remedial courses and em-ployers continue to complain of inad-equate preparation for high school graduates, we must ensure that all stu-dents are college ready and are career ready. H.R. 5 allows States to lower standards that lead to students grad-uating unprepared. 
So how can we expect our students to 
compete in a global economy when they aren’t prepared? We need to invest in the future of our children, support our teachers and our principals, ensure the success of our neediest students. 
And that is why I am proud to sup-
port the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), and I thank 
him for his leadership in challenging H.R. 5. 
This amendment reaffirms the Fed-
eral Government’s proper role in edu-cation, addressing many of the prob-lems that surround No Child Left Be-hind. 
Students in low-income families al-
ready have obvious disadvantages. This amendment prioritizes early education to help our students start out strong. It puts protections in place against bullying, and it supports the physical, mental, and emotional stability of stu-dents. It gets rid of AYP and also makes important investments in STEM education. 
Education should be an issue that 
unites us, not divides us. The Scott amendment is exactly what our schools and our students and our teachers need. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for the 
Scott amendment and not for H.R. 5 because H.R. 5 fails on all accounts. It fails our neediest students. It fails to invest in our teachers and principals. And it fails to prepare students for col-lege and careers and to address the core principles of Federal education policies. 
H.R. 5 deserves an F. I urge my col-
leagues to join me in opposing it. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE U.S. WOM-
EN’S WORLD CUP SOCCER TEAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this past 
Sunday, the day after our Independ-ence Day, the U.S. women’s World Cup team gave us the best fireworks show ever. They lit up the team that beat them 4 years ago in the World Cup, Japan. 
We scored in the third minute, the 
fifth minute, the 14th minute, and the 16th minute. 4–0 in 16 minutes. We had gone over 5
1⁄2hours without giving up a 
goal. Japan was done. 
Our women won every game because 
they left their egos in the locker room. When they jogged onto that field, they were a team full of love, love of soccer, love of America, and love of each other, 
their teammates. 
The best example of that love was a 
small blue arm band. It is worn by our team captain. If you missed this band’s journey through our victory on Sun-day, I will recount it for you. 
It was on Christie Rampone’s left 
arm as her gold medal was placed around her neck. It was her second gold medal in a World Cup match. She is closer to my age than all of her team-mates. Sunday was her last World Cup game. 
She got that blue band from Abby 
Wombach, the greatest woman soccer player in American history. That is her picture beside me. Abby has scored 23 goals in World Cup matches, but she had only had a silver medal from World Cup matches, never a gold. She knew that was changing when she jogged onto that field in the 79th minute of play. 
b1100 
She also knew that, like Christie, 
this was her last World Cup match. A teammate stopped Abby before she en-tered the game. Team Captain Carli Lloyd stopped her idol, Abby, to make sure Abby’s uniform was complete. There was a problem that Carli had to fix up, so she helped Abby by putting that blue armband on her left sleeve as our team captain. 
Carli plays pro soccer in my home-
town of Houston, Texas, and we Texans believe bigger is always better. While Carli has been a Texan for a few months, she knows how to go big, real big. She scored a hat trick—three goals—in the first 16 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, the 2015 women’s World 
Cup gold medalists gave us a priceless gift: the joy of being alive, feeling American pride surge through your veins, having that breath—that short breath of excitement—or having that extra heartbeat, knowing that you are alive. 
America thanks our gold medal win-
ners, our America’s World Cup cham-pions of 2015. 
f 
PUERTO RICO’S POLITICAL STA-
TUS AND ITS ECONOMIC CRISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, the 
U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, home to 3.5 million American citizens, stands at a crossroads. The Governor recently announced that Puerto Rico cannot pay all of its debts. The Governor’s comments were not constructive be-cause they lacked precision. 
Puerto Rico’s total debt is about $72 
billion, and the structure of this debt is complex. About 17 entities in Puerto Rico have bonds outstanding, from the central government to public corpora-tions. The terms, source of repayment, and the level of legal protection for each bond varies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.008 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4874 July 8, 2015 
For instance, bonds issued by the 
central government received priority payment under the Puerto Rico Con-stitution, which was authorized and ap-
proved by Congress. Accordingly, when the Governor asserted that Puerto Rico cannot pay its debts, the sweeping na-ture of his comments raised many practical and legal questions and gen-erated considerable anxiety. 
Mr. Speaker, the crisis in Puerto 
Rico is real, and it must be confronted with composure, competence, and can-dor. To this end, I want to articulate a simple truth, but one that is often overlooked: namely, the challenges we face are structural in nature and, therefore, require structural solutions, at both the Puerto Rico and the Fed-eral level. 
Within Puerto Rico, more discipline 
by the territory government is impera-tive. We must learn to live within our means. Puerto Rico’s political leaders have shown the capacity to develop sound strategies, but have not always demonstrated the same ability to effec-tively execute those strategies. Per-formance, not planning, is the problem. We can do better, and for the sake of our constituents, we must do better. 
Mr. Speaker, honest self-appraisal 
and self-criticism are essential, but cannot be limited to Puerto Rico. If the American public is under the im-pression that Puerto Rico is solely to blame for this crisis, it is profoundly mistaken. 
The source of the problem in Puerto 
Rico is not its people, who are talented and hard-working, nor is it our polit-ical leaders, who are no better or worse than their counterparts in other U.S. jurisdictions who at times also over-promise and underdeliver; instead, the root cause of the problem is our polit-ical status, which has given rise to a system of severe and entrenched in-equality that makes it exceptionally difficult to succeed and exceptionally easy to fail. 
The direct link between Puerto 
Rico’s political status and its economic problems was explored at a recent con-gressional hearing. The hearing served to underscore that there are more American citizens in Puerto Rico than in 21 States, that they serve in the U.S. military in large numbers, but that they cannot vote for President or Sen-ators and have only one nonvoting Del-egate in this House. 
The hearing highlighted that, as a 
territory, Puerto Rico can be and often is treated worse than the States under Federal laws, from Medicaid to the earned income tax credit to chapter 9 of the Bankruptcy Code. To com-pensate for the deficiency in Federal economic support, the Puerto Rico Government has borrowed heavily, which explains the excessive debt. 
In recent years, 250,000 island resi-
dents have moved to the States, and these numbers are only growing. Once in the States, they are entitled to full voting rights and equal treatment under the law, rights they were denied in Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, this is an intolerable 
situation. My constituents have toler-ated it for too long, and they will tol-erate it no longer. They voted for statehood in a local referendum in 2012, and they will vote for statehood again in even greater numbers in a Federal referendum in 2017. 
My message to my colleagues is sim-
ple. If you give us the same rights and responsibilities as our fellow American citizens and let us rise or fall on our merits, we will rise; but, if you con-tinue to treat us like second-class citi-zens, don’t profess to be surprised when we fall. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Shane Hall, First Southern 
Baptist Church, Del City, Oklahoma, offered the following prayer: 
Holy and awesome God, We give You thanks today for every 
good gift, for we know that every good gift comes from You. 
We give You thanks today for the 
United States of America and the free-doms found within her borders. 
We give You thanks today for the 
men and women of this Congress whom You have placed in positions of leader-ship in our Nation 
May You give them wisdom, which 
can only come from You, to legislate in such a way that the laws of this Nation might conform to Your will. 
Impart within each of us a desire to 
seek You in all things pertaining to life and eternal life. May we love You, our God, with all of our heart, soul, strength, and mind; and may we love our neighbor as ourselves. 
For it is in the name of Jesus we 
pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Minnesota (Mr. E MMER ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND SHANE 
HALL 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor and privilege today to have with us to provide the opening prayer my pastor and good friend, Shane Hall, from Del City, Oklahoma. 
Although Shane was born in Brook, 
Indiana, he actually grew up in Burns Flat, Oklahoma. He is a graduate of Oklahoma Baptist University, with a secondary in education. He also got a master’s of divinity with biblical lan-guages from the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary. 
He has pastored a half-dozen church-
es in Oklahoma and Louisiana, and he is currently the pastor of my home church, First Southern Baptist Church of Del City, Oklahoma. 
He also serves on the executive com-
mittee of the entire Southern Baptist Convention, and he is a member of the Baptist General Convention of Okla-homa board of directors. 
His wife, Misty, and his two daugh-
ters, Macy and Mallory, are wonderful people that, if you are ever in Okla-homa, I encourage you to attend serv-ices and get to know them. 
Thank you for allowing us to make 
his introduction this morning. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). The Chair will 
entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF TINO 
TRUJILLO 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.010 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4875 July 8, 2015 
the House for 1 minute and to revise 
and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, today, I rise to honor the life of Tino Trujillo. Tino was a well- known community leader in Plano and Dallas. My wife, Shirley, and I had the privilege of calling him and his late wife, Janie, friends. 
Tino was a special person in our 
hometown. He immigrated to Cali-fornia in 1952 and became a proud American citizen, serving in the United States Army at Fort Hood. In 1975, he found his way to North Texas where he opened his first restaurant. 
He loved to serve people, not only 
with good Mexican food, but giving back to the community that he loved. In fact, he was a founding trustee of Collin College, and he served for nearly 30 years. 
Tino was soft-spoken, kindhearted, 
and he will be greatly missed in Plano and Texas. 
America would be a better place with 
more folks like him. 
f 
SONS OF ITALY 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the members of Forum Lodge 391 of the Order Sons of Italy, which later this month is celebrating its centennial anniversary as a civic organization in Newport, Rhode Island. 
Originally known to members by the 
name La Loggia Progresso e Civilta, Forum Lodge 391 has worked to pro-mote and celebrate Italian heritage and culture on Aquidneck Island since it was founded on July 4, 1915. Over the years, it has established itself as a Rhode Island institution by hosting nu-merous community and cultural events for all to enjoy. 
Most notably, Lodge 391’s Anna M. 
Ripa Memorial Scholarship opens door-ways to opportunity each year for Italian American high school seniors in Rhode Island who demonstrate success in the classroom and prepare a written essay on their cultural heritage. 
I congratulate President Shirley 
Ripa and the men and women of Forum Lodge 391 of the Order Sons of Italy on this important milestone, and I extend my best wishes on their centennial celebration on July 23. 
f 
CRAFT BREWERS ARE CREATING 
AMERICAN JOBS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, over the 
past few years, we have seen small brewers in Minnesota and around the country continue to meet the needs of a public that is growing in its apprecia-tion for craft beverages. 
At the same time, these brewers are 
burdened by out-of-date regulations and high taxes that make it difficult 
for them to grow their businesses and play an increasingly greater role in their local economy. 
That is why I have introduced the 
Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform Act with my colleague, R
ON 
KINDfrom Wisconsin, to modernize the 
Tax Code and streamline regulations for these small businesses. 
These small breweries are a true ex-
ample of the American dream. Many start out as hobbyists in the basement or in the garage, and they grow to be successful while, at the same time, cre-ating jobs and creating a quality prod-uct. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to make sure 
we embrace the potential this industry has, and that means modernizing our tax rules and our Tax Code to ensure that these small employers continue to grow. 
f 
SYMBOLS OF HATE IN OUR 
NATION 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
many of us have not spoken on the floor of the House on the horrific trag-edy that occurred in Mother Emanuel Baptist church, our respect for our col-league from South Carolina; our re-spect for our assistant leader, J
IMCLY-
BURN ; and our respect for the families 
that have buried their dead over the last week. Many of us joined the Presi-dent in Charleston, South Carolina, for the funeral of Reverend Dr. Pinckney. 
Today, I rise to ask this body, re-
flecting on two amendments that were offered last night regarding the Confed-erate flag that were voted on by voice vote in the Interior bill, but I ask today the leadership to allow this House to look at three legislative ini-tiatives that have been offered by Members based upon the Walker III v. Texas Division, Sons of Confederate Veterans case. 
I want my colleagues to know that 
the Supreme Court, including Justice Clarence Thomas, ruled that govern-ment speech did not warrant the utili-zation of the rebel flag. 
Finally, let me read to you the words 
about senator Pinckney. This is war-ranted. The President said: 
My liberty depends on you being free, too. 
History must be a manual for how to avoid repeating the mistakes of the past, how to break the cycle, a roadway toward a better world. He knew that the path of grace in-volves an open mind but, more importantly, an open heart. 
We need to debate on the floor of the 
House the symbols of hate in this Na-tion, and we need to do it now. I ask my colleagues, Republicans and Demo-crats, to join us in the legislative ini-tiatives we have for this to be placed on the floor of the House for all of us to stand and debate what is positive about America. FAMILY, CAREER AND COMMU-
NITY LEADERS OF AMERICA 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduced a bi-partisan resolution with my friend and colleague from Rhode Island, Mr. J
IM 
LANGEVIN , to recognize the Family, Ca-
reer and Community Leaders of Amer-ica on their 70th anniversary. 
Family, Career and Community 
Leaders of America is a national career and technical student organization that promotes personal growth, leader-ship development, and career prepara-tion opportunities for students in fam-ily and consumer science education. 
Since the program was launched 70 
years ago to this day, more than 10 million students have participated and gained the knowledge, skills, and cre-dentials needed to secure careers in growing, high-demand fields. I was pleased to welcome FCCL students from Forest County, Pennsylvania, today. 
Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the bipar-
tisan Congressional Career and Tech-nical Education Caucus, I ask my friends to get behind this bipartisan resolution to support the goals and ideals of Family, Career and Commu-nity Leaders of America. 
Now, more than ever, our young peo-
ple need assurances that the skills they attain will lead to good-paying, family- sustaining jobs, and career and tech-nical education programming can make those assurances. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, Republicans in Congress have kept our Nation stuck in neutral, while our highways, bridges, and transit systems crumble around us. They keep riding the clutch with these short-term patches to keep the highway trust fund solvent for another couple of months. 
You could say that we are in a big 
race and the road ahead is long. We can’t keep stopping for gas every 5 minutes, and we have got to stop scrounging under the seats and the floormats for enough change to buy a gallon here and a gallon there. 
America’s been in the lead, but now, 
we are just inching along. If we don’t get back on track soon, we are going to be left in the dust by our foreign com-petitors. In the next few months alone, more than 600,000 American jobs are at risk. 
Mr. Speaker, congressional Repub-
licans are in the driver’s seat, so they need to start driving like pros. It is time for Congress to do their job and pass a long-term plan to pay for much- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.014 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4876 July 8, 2015 
needed investments in our roads, rails, 
and bridges. 
I say: ‘‘Fill her up with hi-test.’’ 
f 
OUTRAGEOUS IRAN NUCLEAR 
DEAL 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, President Obama’s nuclear negotiations with Iran pose significant threats to American families. Already, the President has conceded too much. An agreement that does not clearly prohibit the development of nuclear weapons threatens American families and our closest allies, such as Israel. 
Now, as the negotiation deadline has 
been further extended, it is clear that President Obama is willing to grant more concessions to this murderous re-gime whose program of developing intercontinental ballistic missiles puts America as a target. 
I am grateful that Congress passed 
the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, giving Congress a voice in the final deal. I urge the President to change course with this oppressive re-gime that promotes death to America, death to Israel. 
It is not too late to prevent a legacy 
of appeasement and avoid being re-membered as a new Neville Chamber-lain, establishing nuclear weapons across the Middle East. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
OPPOSING STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
(Mr. HINOJOSA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to H.R. 5, a mis-guided bill which denies America’s children access to high-quality edu-cation. 
Today, greater numbers of economi-
cally disadvantaged children are enter-ing our public schools. For example, in my State of Texas, of the 5 million stu-dents enrolled in public schools in 2014 statewide, more than 3 million would be adversely impacted if we vote to pass H.R. 5. 
This Republican bill abandons the 
Federal Government’s historic com-mitment to educating disadvantaged populations. H.R. 5 block grants vital Federal programs, such as title I of the education code targeted for English language learners, migrant children, neglected and delinquent youth, and Native American education. 
The bill allows States and districts 
to siphon away these Federal funds and use them for other purposes because of the proposed changes in the intent of the many education programs passed many years ago—50 years ago to be exact—under the leadership of Presi-
dent Lyndon Baines Johnson. 
H.R. 5 would provide inadequate 
funding and move backward on equity and accountability, harming the edu-cation of our Nation’s children. 
I respectfully urge Members of Con-
gress on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘no’’ on final passage today. 
f 
b1215 
A NAVY MAN 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to celebrate one of my own. As of today, my son, Joe, is officially a member of the United States Navy. 
My wife, Jacquie, and I are the proud 
parents of seven children. Last month, Joe, our fifth child, graduated high school and now is off to serve his coun-try. 
Today, as Joe leaves for basic, he 
knows that hard days lie ahead. He un-derstands that he will have to listen and learn and, when the time comes, lead. 
Like millions of brave and selfless 
Americans before him, Joe has taken an oath to serve his Nation and to pro-tect the freedoms we hold dear. 
My wife and I are so proud of Joe, 
and we are humbled by his chosen path. 
So to Joe and his fellow recruits, we 
honor and thank you for your service, and we wish you fair winds and safe seas. 
Joe, we will pray for you, and we 
look forward to seeing your trans-formation from citizen to sailor. We love you. 
f 
WEAR RED WEDNESDAYS 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
today we wear red to bring back our girls. 
Boko Haram has heeded ISIS’ call for 
increased violence and a so-called Month of Disaster in a rapid string of egregious acts of violence. A brutal spate of bombings and shootings has ripped through the country, killing at least 300 people in the past week alone. 
Mr. Speaker, Boko Haram’s 
unyielding thirst for violence and un-flinching disregard for human life can-not go unchecked. 
Later this month, when Nigerian 
President Buhari visits the White House to discuss the fight against Boko Haram with President Barack Obama, he must know that we here in Congress are committed to giving the Govern-ment of Nigeria the support it needs to defeat Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in cosponsoring H. Res. 147, as amended, to help the Nigerian Govern-ment bring back our girls and defeat Boko Haram for good. Mr. Speaker, don’t forget to tweet, 
tweet, tweet bring back our girls, #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson, #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet. 
f 
LET’S FIX OUR PARKS, NOT ADD 
MORE 
(Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to express concern about continued acquisition of private lands by the Federal Government. 
The Federal Government currently 
owns about 30 percent of the land in our country but is unable to properly maintain this land, as evidenced by the Park Service’s staggering $11.5 billion backlog of maintenance projects, yet the Federal Government continues to spend limited taxpayer dollars and re-sources on more land. For example, 
many of my constituents are facing a push by the government to take over historically private land. 
A June 30 New York Times article, 
entitled, ‘‘Let’s Fix Our Parks, Not Add More,’’ further illustrates the scope of this problem, criticizing the administration’s decision to add seven new parks to the system. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose future 
land purchases and instead focus the Interior Department’s attention on properly maintaining existing Federal lands to ensure access for generations to come. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
REAUTHORIZATION 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight an issue that de-serves our immediate attention: the Republican leadership’s failure to bring the reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank to the House floor for a vote. 
The Ex-Im Bank plays a critical role 
in our economy, opening international markets to U.S. businesses by facili-tating the sale of American goods and services overseas. The Bank evens the playing field for American companies, enabling them to compete based on the quality of their products, not on the fi-nancing term they can offer. 
Allowing the Bank’s authorization to 
expire will have real-world con-sequences, Mr. Speaker. If we don’t act, American businesses that employ tens of thousands of our workers will strug-gle to survive in this competitive glob-al marketplace. 
There is no question that there are 
enough votes in both the House and the Senate to pass the Ex-Im Bank reau-thorization at this point on a bipar-tisan basis. 
Mr. Speaker, for the sake of Amer-
ican businesses and workers, the Re-publican leadership needs to stop play-ing to their out-of-touch base and start 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.015 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4877 July 8, 2015 
acting in the best interests of the 
American people by reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank immediately. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE VITAL ROLE 
OF FORT POLK, LOUISIANA 
(Mr. BOUSTANY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to highlight the vital role Fort Polk, Louisiana, plays in our Nation’s stra-tegic defense and to urge the U.S. Army to spare it from any cuts. 
Fort Polk houses the Army’s primary 
Joint Readiness Training Center, the Nation’s premier combat training cen-ter. 
Fort Polk is also home to the 3rd 
Battalion, 10th Mountain Division, Fort Polk’s lone brigade combat team, a highly mobile, lethal, and flexible combat unit. This team was recognized as a superior brigade combat team, awarding it the Meritorious Unit Cita-tion for its efforts in Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
Any cuts to this award-winning unit 
would deal a devastating blow to the post, its surrounding communities, and Louisiana as a whole. The local com-munity and State have invested money and donated land, demonstrating their commitment to this imperative post. 
As the Army announces its troop re-
alignment, Louisiana stands together to support the 3rd Battalion, 10th Mountain Division brigade combat team, the Fort Polk community, and the military excellence they represent. 
f 
PASS HIGHWAY TRANSPORTATION 
FUNDING 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, on July 
31, the highway and transit trust fund will expire. 
So what does the expiration of the 
trust fund mean to America, to Amer-ican families? 
It means the potential loss of over 
600,000 jobs. It means the cancelation of major infrastructure projects. In fact, I heard this morning that five States have already canceled or delayed major projects because of Congress’ lack of ability to do its work. 
My home State of Michigan, we know 
more than anyplace that if we invest in our roads and bridges and rails, we grow our economy. 
Other nations, instead of planning 
months ahead, are planning years ahead and building infrastructure. China, for example, is spending 10 times what we are as a percentage of their GDP on infrastructure. 
Meanwhile, back in May, instead of 
thinking about the decades to come and hundreds of thousands of jobs, this Congress passed a 2-month extension, a self-imposed, manmade crisis, gov-erning crisis to crisis on every big issue that we deal with. We can’t let this happen. This Con-
gress needs to do its job. We need to come together in a bipartisan way—we can do it—and pass an extension of the highway trust fund that invests in America and puts American workers back to work rebuilding this country. 
If we don’t do this, we cannot expect 
our economy to grow. Congress has to act. 
f 
JOE’S BBQ IN FANNIN COUNTY, 
GEORGIA 
(Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, in the Ninth District of Georgia, there is something we like, and that is barbecue. Especially our office, our staff, and our interns know this well, and especially my ag intern, Casey, from Georgia, because we now can as-cribe to Trip Advisory’s latest pick of the Nation’s best barbecue. And I am proud to announce Joe’s BBQ was named number one barbecue in the country. 
Joe’s is located 90 miles north of At-
lanta in Blue Ridge and was founded just 3 years ago by a former mortgage salesman, Joe Ray. Mr. Ray moved to Blue Ridge, Georgia, 10 years ago to pursue his career in mortgage banking, but he ended up doing barbecue. He calls it beginner’s luck, but I think it is turning into a legacy and a tradition in north Georgia. You see, customers travel from hundreds of miles to expe-rience the secret recipe at Joe’s BBQ, and it has been named number one as 
proof of the fruits of their labor. 
So now we have many coming to 
northeast Georgia to experience what we in the Ninth District always knew: the best barbecue is in north Georgia, the greatest place in world. And I just want to invite everybody to Joe’s BBQ in Blue Ridge. 
f 
HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN YEMEN 
(Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
bring to the attention of my colleagues a humanitarian crisis in Yemen. My district is home to many Yemenis who are deeply concerned, and many fami-lies have been in my office in total des-peration and tears. This week, 45 civil-ians were killed after an airstrike hit a marketplace north of Aden. 
Of real concern is the current out-
break of dengue fever. The World Health Organization estimates there are at least 3,000 cases of dengue fever in Yemen right now, and other groups are estimating it is twice that. 
My constituents have family mem-
bers who are suffering and have no ac-cess to medications, doctors, hospitals or, in many cases, even clean water. We must show U.S. leadership to help con-tain this outbreak. Today I sent a letter to Secretary 
Kerry asking about plans the State De-partment is undertaking to combat this problem. I hope my colleagues will join me in a bipartisan manner to sup-port real concrete action that is needed to help the Yemenis who are sick, des-perate, and in critical need of assist-ance and leadership. 
f 
HONORING GRANITE STATE 
COMMUNITY LEADER DON MOORE 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a selfless Granite Stater who is paving the way for our mental health community and was re-cently awarded the Portsmouth Rotary Club’s Humanitarian Award. 
In 2014, Don Moore founded Seacoast 
Pathways in Portsmouth, New Hamp-shire, with the goals of providing those 
with mental illness resources to find a stable place to live, find a job, and op-portunities for members to develop tal-ents and interests to stay engaged in our community. 
For far too long, the topic of mental 
health has been regarded as taboo and carries with it an undeserved stigma. People like Don Moore are changing this negative perception and bringing about positive change for our commu-nities. 
In fact, the successes of the club-
house model used by Seacoast Path-ways are borrowed from another suc-cessful clubhouse in Manchester, New Hampshire, called Granite Pathways. This spring, I had the privilege of vis-iting both, meeting with their staffs and clubhouse members. 
Seacoast Pathways’ commitment to 
creating a community where members can reach their goals of work, edu-cation, and stable housing are abso-lutely commendable, and it is because of the selfless and dedicated folks like Don that our State remains a shining example of best practices in this area. 
On behalf of the entire Granite State, 
congratulations to Don on receiving a well-deserved honor, and for working tirelessly on behalf of the mental health community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KEVIN 
JOSEPH SUTHERLAND 
(Mr. HIMES asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, 4 days ago, 
on July 4, a young man was murdered just a mile from here in broad daylight on a crowded subway. That young man was Kevin Joseph Sutherland, 24 years old. He was my campaign volunteer, my intern, and my friend. 
Maybe that is unremarkable. Vio-
lence seems to be a part of who we are and all too present with us. 
But I want to tell this House that 
Kevin was in Washington because he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.016 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4878 July 8, 2015 
believed in the best of us, each one of 
us. He believed that we could come to-gether. He believed that we could set aside our petty prejudices. He believed that we could bring our voices together in this Chamber and make a better world. 
I think there is a chance that 20 
years from now Kevin might have served in this Chamber. Now, that is not going to happen. But Kevin’s spirit of openness, of optimism, of possi-bility, that spirit must live on in this Chamber and in our hearts. 
Thank you, Kevin. 
f 
HONORING PRIVATE WILLIAM 
LONG AND PRIVATE QUINTON EZEAGWULA 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to two courageous young men, Army Private William ‘‘Andy’’ Long and Private Quinton ‘‘EZ’’ Ezeagwula. 
On June 1, 2009, these soldiers were 
the target of a terrorist attack at a military recruiting station in my hometown of Little Rock, Arkansas, which, tragically, Andy Long did not survive. 
Last Wednesday, in an emotional 
ceremony at the Arkansas State Cap-itol and after a wait of 6 years, these two soldiers were finally awarded the Purple Heart Medals they deserved. 
I was privileged to be present as EZ 
and the family of Andy Long received the recognition they deserve for their sacrifice to our Nation. 
Andy’s father, Daris Long, put it best 
at the ceremony when he stated that this was never just about Purple Hearts. ‘‘It was about accurately iden-tifying what really happened in Little Rock and at Fort Hood. These acts were not simply a drive-by shooting or workplace violence. They were ter-rorist attacks on our servicemembers in our own land.’’ 
I am truly appreciative of the work 
of our entire congressional delegation, both past and present, whose tireless efforts over the past 6 years ensured the sacrifice of these young men has been fully recognized and honored. 
f 
b1230 
HONORING CHRISTINE RATH UPON 
HER RETIREMENT 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor one of New Hampshire’s best and brightest educators upon her retirement. 
Christine Rath has served as super-
intendent of the Concord School Dis-trict for 15 years, helping to maintain the high standards of public education in Concord, New Hampshire. I am a 
proud product of Concord’s public schools; so, they hold a special place in my heart. 
Chris started her teaching career 
right here in Washington, D.C., in the 1960s as a member of President John-son’s Teacher Corps, designed to help educate low-income students in cities all across this country. That is where she met her husband Tom Rath, an-other community leader who has made many positive contributions to the Granite State over the years. 
After they moved to New Hampshire, 
she taught in Goffstown, worked in Concord’s Second Start alternative education program, and eventually be-came the principal of Rundlett Middle School in Concord. Chris has spent dec-ades working to provide excellent edu-cation and support to students of all ages across the Granite State. 
Our young people are our Nation’s 
greatest resource, and it is absolutely essential that they have the tools they need to follow their dreams and meet the challenges of the 21st century. 
Chris sets an extraordinary example 
for young educators who hope to change the lives of their students through commitment and creativity. I applaud her impressive service to the students, the city of Concord, and to the Granite State. 
f 
IMMIGRATION 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, just 
last week an American woman was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant while walking through a tourist-friend-ly area of San Francisco with her fa-ther. 
She was killed for no reason by an il-
legal immigrant convicted of seven felonies who had been previously de-ported five times and was released by the San Francisco Police Department again over the objections of Federal immigration authorities. 
This is sadly not the first time this 
has happened. Several years ago a fa-ther and his two sons were killed by an illegal immigrant felon who, again, San Francisco refused to detain for Federal immigration authorities. 
The evidence is clear. Sanctuary city 
laws make our cities less safe and en-danger Americans. Despite liberal claims to the contrary, this refusal to enforce immigration laws means that dangerous criminals with no regard for our laws are walking our streets. 
In California alone, over 10,000 immi-
gration detainer requests were de-clined; 10,000 known criminals were re-leased in violation of Federal law. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the House 
to act to ensure that the Federal Gov-ernment does not aid cities who refuse to enforce our Nation’s laws. That would be comprehensive immigration reform we can all understand. SAFE CLIMATE CAUCUS 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, even 
though many in Congress still refuse to admit that climate change is a very real problem, the administration has been leading action on what has be-come one of the most important issues of our generation. 
This week the White House an-
nounced a new initiative to increase access to solar energy, especially in low- and moderate-income commu-nities. This is a critical step to reduc-ing our carbon footprint and showing the world that we are, indeed, ready to lead by example when it comes to clean energy innovation. 
The initiative expands training and 
education for jobs in the solar industry and is a partnership with the private sector to increase diversity in a new ‘‘green collar’’ workforce. Access to clean, reliable energy results in good- paying jobs, cleaner air, and an oppor-tunity for our innovators and entre-preneurs to grow our economy. 
As a member of the Safe Climate 
Caucus and a co-chair of the Sustain-able Energy and Environment Coali-tion, I applaud and support the admin-istration’s announcement this week and will continue to press for broader climate action in this Congress. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF RAPHAEL ‘‘RAFE’’ 
SAGARIN 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of Dr. Raphael ‘‘Rafe’’ Sagarin, a world-renowned sci-entist and University of Arizona pro-fessor who died tragically a few weeks ago. 
Rafe was passionate about the 
world’s oceans and applying the lessons of our natural world to solving modern challenges. He earned widespread rec-ognition for theorizing that govern-ments could learn national defense techniques by studying how animals adapt to threats they face in the wild. 
During his lifetime, Rafe authored 
three books and nearly two dozen scholarly articles and book chapters. At the time of his death, he was lead-ing a University of Arizona project called Biosphere 2 that involved cre-ating a functional model of the Gulf of California in the Sonoran Desert. 
I was fortunate enough to meet Rafe 
earlier this year and hear him describe with trademark enthusiasm his work studying adaptable security systems in southern Arizona. I am also currently reading his insightful book on the sub-ject. 
Rafe will be missed by so many 
around the world, but his contagious 
spirit and groundbreaking contribu-tions over many years will have lasting impacts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.018 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4879 July 8, 2015 
Rest in peace, Rafe. 
f 
CLEAN WATER AND SAFE DRINK-
ING WATER STATE REVOLVING FUNDS 
(Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, during 
a severe drought crisis, such as the one now in California, we must focus on so-lutions that create water and maintain a clean water supply. That is why I am stressing how crucial the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Funds are. 
Clean and safe water is essential for 
our homes, farms, and businesses. These funds help finance projects that treat domestic sewage, capture stormwater run-off, and deliver drink-ing water to homes and businesses. SFR programs are the only low-cost loans available for many small- and medium-sized communities to finance clean water infrastructure. 
Every dollar that we invest in water 
infrastructure comes back to our econ-omy six times over. Cutting the SFR programs will have a crippling effect on our communities’ abilities to meet water needs. 
Republicans say they support 
drought relief. But, in reality, they have cut desperately needed funds for both these programs, a 23 percent cut in the House Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill being debated today. 
Congress must provide necessary 
funding to maintain our Nation’s aging water infrastructure. Our communities depend upon it. 
f 
OPPOSING THE STUDENT SUCCESS 
ACT 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to oppose H.R. 5, also known as the Student Success Act. The Federal Government has played a key role in funding our education for 40 years; 40 years, Mr. Speaker. 
We know how effective title I is when 
it is properly funded. We know low-in-come children and English language learners are negatively impacted when education funding is block-granted or made portable. 
H.R. 5 does all these things: It locks 
in cuts to title I funding, block-grants many of the funding streams dedicated to specific at-risk populations, and it allows these funds to be diverted away from the districts and schools that need them most. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act is meant to promote oppor-tunity, Mr. Speaker, not take it away. I urge all my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5. 
And while Ranking Member S
COTT’s 
substitute amendment is an improve-ment over the current law and I will be 
supporting it, I still have serious con-cerns about our Nation’s emphasis on standardized testing. We cannot con-tinue to use standardized test scores to punish teachers and schools. 
f 
OPPOSING THE STUDENT SUCCESS 
ACT 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today as well in strong opposition to H.R. 5, the so-called Student Success Act. 
There should be no question that 
education in this country is a right, not a privilege. Every student deserves the opportunity to succeed, and that opportunity begins with equal access to high-quality education. 
But this bill severely undercuts our 
public schools. It slashes funding and takes away critical resources from stu-dents with the greatest needs. It elimi-nates key protections for students with disabilities. It guts support for vital afterschool programs. 
And on the Central Coast of Cali-
fornia, where I am from, our high school graduation rates have continu-ously improved over the past 5 years, exceeding statewide averages. 
We must build upon these successes, 
not turn the clock backwards by dis-mantling equity and accountability standards. We must instead continue to move forward, deliver the promise of a great education and the opportunity for a bright future. Sadly, this bill only takes away that promise. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
H.R. 5. 
f 
PASTOR BERNYCE CLAUSEL 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor the late Bernyce Clausel, who passed away at the age of 98 last week. She was a civil rights leader in Tallahassee who participated in the bus boycotts of 1956. She was a devout Christian who, with her husband, founded Calvary Baptist Church in 1958. And later she became the church’s pastor, one of the first women to do so in Tallahassee. 
She was a fixture at town hall meet-
ings and charity drives, and she was al-ways there to help those in need. We lost a true north Florida hero, but I am so thankful that we had her for so long. 
May God bless Pastor Bernyce 
Clausel, and may He bless each of us with the strength and dedication to serve our communities as well as she did. PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-
ERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2647, RESILIENT FEDERAL FOR-ESTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 347 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 347 
Resolved, That during further consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, pursuant to House Resolution 125, it shall be in order to con-sider the further amendments printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution as though they were the last further amendments printed in part B of House Report 114-29. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and amendments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendments in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committees on Agri-culture and Natural Resources now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-21 modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.020 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4880 July 8, 2015 
separate vote in the House on any amend-
ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to my good friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
b1245 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a House rule, House Resolu-tion 347, providing for consideration of two important pieces of legislation for which I am honored to be able to bring forward for consideration by this legis-lative body: H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, and H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
The rule provides for consideration of 
H.R. 2647 under a structured rule with four amendments made in order, a ma-jority of which were offered by our Democratic colleague Members of the House. The rule also provides for fur-ther consideration of H.R. 5 under a structured rule with four additional amendments that were made in order. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for 
consideration of H.R. 2647, the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2015, a bill that is critically important to my dis-trict in central Washington State which is, unfortunately, once again facing another devastating wildfire season. 
This bipartisan, comprehensive legis-
lation is aimed at expediting and im-proving forest management activities in Federal forests. It builds upon many legislative concepts introduced in this and in previous Congresses to address disastrous consequences of cata-strophic wildfire, insect and disease in-festations, and other threats to our Na-tion’s forests. 
H.R. 2647 would return resilience to 
the overgrown, fire-prone forests that encompass a great deal of land in the Western United States. It would dra-matically improve the health and resil-iency of our Federal forests and range-lands by simplifying environmental process requirements, curtailing project planning times, and reducing the cost of implementing forest man-agement projects, all while still ensur-
ing robust protection of the environ-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, just last year, my dis-
trict in central Washington endured the Carlton Complex fire, the largest wildfire in our State’s history, which was responsible for the destruction of over 300 homes and businesses. This devastating, catastrophic wildfire crip-pled many parts of my district, and many of my constituents are still try-ing to recover; yet it seems, as soon as we start to move past one major wild-fire, another is immediately on our doorstep, literally. 
Almost 10 days ago, new fires broke 
out in Washington State in cities like Wenatchee and Quincy and counties, including Benton, Chelan, Grant, Adams and Douglas, immediately spreading and some requiring Wash-ington State fire mobilization re-sources to keep them from escalating. As the West continues to face severe drought conditions, the threat of wild-fire will only continue to worsen. 
In order to begin to prevent and ad-
dress these fires, we need to reform the way we prepare for, respond to, and fund wildfire response and mitigation efforts. We cannot continue to limp from one devastating fire season to the next, leaving little to no time, and even less funding, available for refor-estation, rehabilitation, and overall forest management. 
This bill addresses those short-
comings by providing new methods of funding, which will tackle the problem of fire borrowing. It also includes tools the Forest Service can implement im-mediately to treat thousands of acres of forest land at a lower cost. 
Earlier this year, the House Natural 
Resources Committee’s Subcommittee on Federal Lands, of which I am a member, held a hearing on this bill. One of the witnesses testifying was U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell. 
In his opening comments, Chief Tid-
well remarked that ‘‘the Forest Service is encouraged by many of the goals outlined within’’ the bill and ‘‘wel-comes legislation that incentivizes col-laboration and expands the toolset that we can use to complete critical work on our Nation’s forests without over-riding environmental laws.’’ 
I believe these comments reflect the 
bipartisan nature in which the legisla-tion was drafted and highlights the ne-cessity of the reforms we are consid-ering here today. 
Mr. Speaker, it should also be noted 
that, because of the reforms and streamlined authorities in this bill, there will be an increase in acres of treated land, all at no additional costs to taxpayers. This legislation is essen-tial and desperately needed to change the current path of forest management on public lands, which is outdated, unsustainable, and dangerous. 
This rule also provides for further 
consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, an education reform bill that reduces the Federal Government’s footprint and restores local control 
over education by eliminating wasteful and duplicative Federal programs and replacing them with guidelines that maintain both high-performance expec-tations and appropriate levels of fund-ing. 
This legislation provides local gov-
ernments with the flexibility necessary to develop appropriate strategies with which to serve their students, parents, and communities. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act, known as No Child Left Be-hind, has been due for reauthorization since 2007. Because it has not been re-authorized, the administration has been free to circumvent Congress and impose its own vision of education re-form on the country, resulting in un-precedented intervention in local edu-cation issues. 
The Student Success Act addresses 
this overreach by streamlining and eliminating more than 70 elementary and secondary education programs that have been deemed ineffective and in-stead promotes a more focused, effi-cient, and appropriate Federal law in the Nation’s education system. 
H.R. 5 will eliminate the current one- 
size-fits-all Federal accountability re-quirement and replace it with State- determined accountability systems de-signed to maintain high expectation for our Nation’s schools. Additionally, the bill supports and encourages paren-tal engagement in their children’s edu-cation by helping parents to enroll their children in charter schools and allowing title I funds to follow low-in-come children to the school of their parents’ choice. 
Mr. Speaker, a well-educated work-
force is imperative to the health and vitality of both our Nation’s children and our economy. The Student Success Act will benefit students, parents, teachers, and school administrators by returning responsibility for student achievement to the States and local communities while maintaining high standards and expectations for our Na-tion’s students, teachers, and schools. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straight-
forward rule, allowing for consider-ation of two critical pieces of legisla-tion that will help protect our rural communities, provide much-needed re-forms to our education system, and en-sure that we are prepared to respond to devastating and catastrophic wildfires that have plagued many areas of our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the rule’s 
adoption; I urge my colleagues to sup-port both the rule and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. 
Mr. Speaker, this morning, I got to 
meet with one of the superintendents from my district, Bruce Messinger, su-perintendent of the Boulder Valley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.002 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4881 July 8, 2015 
School District. Bruce told me, as so 
many others have over the previous years, how the outdated policies under No Child Left Behind stifle innovation and burden teachers and principals with a culture of overtesting. 
I remember a lot of these concerns 
well because I served on our State Board of Education in Colorado from 2000 to 2006, when we were originally implementing No Child Left Behind; and just as we are now frustrated, we were then frustrated with the lack of flexibility, the fact that solutions were coming out of Washington rather than honoring our local accountability sys-tem in how we were able to make things work locally, and a formula, adequate yearly progress, that we knew wouldn’t work. 
We knew that we wouldn’t have 100 
percent proficiency in all subgroups within a decade. We knew we needed reasonable goals to look at student achievement growth rather than the 1- year picture. Since that time, there has been additional discretion given through a policy of waivers that have been given in many States, including my home State of Colorado, but I think we can all agree that it is past time to reauthorize and replace No Child Left Behind with a Federal education policy that makes sense. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the bill 
before us today is not that policy that makes sense. One need go no further than the very beginning of the bill in the sense of Congress section on page 7, just to see some of the Tea Party para-noia that underpins a lot of this bill. 
It starts out on page 7 as a finding of 
Congress saying that the Secretary of Education, through three separate ini-tiatives, has created a system of waiv-ers and grants that influence, incentivize, and coerce State edu-cational agencies into implementing common national curriculum programs of instruction and assessments for ele-mentary and secondary education, which is just patently false. 
First of all, I believe this is a ref-
erence—incorrect of course—to the Common Core standards. Now, first of all, standards are different from cur-riculum. Standards are certainly dif-ferent from programs of instruction which stem from curriculum, and standards are different from assess-ments. 
Common Core was an effort of the 
States to create college- and career- ready standards. What the Federal Government and Secretary Duncan have attempted to do is say States need to have college- and career-ready standards. 
We can’t define success downwards 
and say that kids are passing the test because it is a low test, it is an insuffi-cient test. Whether States want to do it through Common Core or other mechanisms and other types of stand-ards, they are welcome to do it. 
Now, none of that—and the most fac-
tually erroneous part—none of that has to do with curriculum or program of instruction. Those are entirely devel-
oped at the local level. Standards and the grade level expectations are one thing, as anybody involved with edu-cation knows; curriculum is another. 
This bill starts with a false premise. 
It starts with a premise that somehow Washington is trying to run local school districts. That has never been the case, nor should it be the case. If that is the beginning of the essence of our cooperation, I think we can work together on a bill that empowers teach-ers, empowers local school districts, and empowers States with an account-ability system that makes sense and the resources they need to meet the learning needs of all students. 
Now, more than a decade has passed 
since Congress has authorized No Child Left Behind. While again, there are some good intentions in this bill, and there is some good language—which is also reflected in our Democratic sub-stitute—it is far outweighed by some of the unintended consequences of the harmful language which will hurt stu-dents that is in this bill. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me give a little 
refresher on how we got here. In early February, Chairman K
LINE introduced 
this bill. The bill was introduced with-out input or buy-in from Democrats, and it was drafted with zero committee hearings on ESEA. 
The bill immediately went to mark-
up and was passed along partisan lines. The bill resembles a bill last session that passed this Chamber with zero Democratic votes. This bill is actually worse from my perspective and the per-spective of Democrats, for a number of reasons that I will get into, than the bill that attracted zero Democratic support last session. 
This bill was brought before the 
House in February. It was then pulled. Look, everybody can agree that this is a bad bill. Teachers say it is a bad bill; principals say it is a bad bill; parents say it is a bad bill; the civil rights com-munity says it is a bad bill; disabilities advocates say it is a bad bill, and the business community and the chamber do not support this bill. 
I think—and I am sure they will men-
tion it—the only group that we can even find that supports this bill are su-perintendents. I am sure they will find a few more. We will have an enormous record of disability groups, civil rights groups, teachers groups, and many oth-ers that oppose this bill for a number of reasons, and those reasons are cor-rect. 
If it looks bad, if it looks like a duck, 
it walks like a duck, and it quacks like a duck, it really is a duck. It is hard to bring together the business commu-nity, the civil rights community, and teachers unions around anything; and to bring them around saying that this bill will result in less educational op-portunities for American kids really is a crowning achievement. 
We need a bill that prepares the next 
generation of our workforce with the skills they need to succeed. b1300 
We need an ESEA reauthorization 
that helps improve American competi-tiveness in the global economy. We need a bill that expects the best of teachers and gives teachers the respect that they deserve as a profession. We need a bill that cares about students with special needs and gives them the support they need. We need a bill that allows for innovation in our schools. We need a bill that protects lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students from discrimination and bullying; and yet both times that I offered an amend-ment to include the Student Non-Dis-
crimination Act, it was not allowed in the Rules Committee. And we need a bill that ensures that every child in America has access to a world-class education, regardless of their ZIP Code, their race, their background, their so-cioeconomic class, or their sexual ori-entation. 
The Democratic substitute that Mr. 
S
COTT has offered and will be debated 
and voted on is a strong step forward and reflects many of these priorities. It would have been wise for Chairman K
LINE and the sponsors of the bill to 
take a closer look at Mr. S COTT’s 
Democratic substitute and to have con-sidered many of those provisions in the underlying bill. 
Now, I do want to point out a few of 
the good provisions in the bill, all of which are also reflected in the Demo-cratic substitute and are generally re-flected in some of the language being debated in the Senate as well. 
As the founder of a public charter 
school network called the New America School, I understand how the freedom to innovate and flexibility to pursue a unique mission can help public charter schools achieve the highest levels of success. 
The New America School has cam-
puses in two States—Colorado and New Mexico—serving over 2,000 students from 40 countries. Just a few years ago, I was honored to speak at its Colorado graduation, and it was moving to hear the tales of some of the immigrant stu-dents who were served by this school. 
There is excellent language around 
the charter school title V programs in both the Democratic substitute and nearly identical language in the under-lying bill that ups the bar on charter schools and makes sure that the dis-tricts and States have best policies sur-rounding accountability for charter schools and makes sure that successful charter school models can replicate and expand to serve more students. 
I am also pleased that two of my 
amendments to H.R. 5 were made in order and have already passed the House in the previous debate in Feb-ruary. One of my amendments encour-aged collaboration among charter schools and traditional public schools, and another amendment allowed funds to be used for open educational re-sources to help save districts and stu-dents money on textbooks and other programs. These resources that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.024 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4882 July 8, 2015 
open source, which are licensed but 
free to use, can reduce the burden of overtesting and can help reduce costs in education. 
Now, there is not a lot more to say 
with regard to the positive provisions of this bill, but I want to talk about one of its biggest shortcomings and, namely, getting accountability right. 
We can all agree that No Child Left 
Behind did not get accountability right, but the answer is to move for-ward and improve upon and make ac-countability work, not to take a step backward, which is what this bill does, by having a misguided set of principles defining performance targets and ac-countability. 
In fact, if this bill were to become 
law, States would not be required to set performance targets based on stu-dent growth, proficiency, or graduation rates. The bill doesn’t define low-per-forming schools, nor does it establish any parameters for intervention when we know a school isn’t working. 
One of the most compelling things 
that we can do here in Washington is equip local superintendents with the toolbox they need to help turn around persistently failing schools, and this bill fails to do that. 
Mr. Speaker, we should provide 
schools with more flexibility to design school improvement programs that No Child Left Behind does, but we should not provide schools with the option to do nothing and allow dropout factories to continue to exist, elementary schools where we know that kids are falling further and further behind every year. 
No child should be trapped in a fail-
ing school with no recourse. We need to fix accountability, not step away from it. This bill constitutes the Federal Government throwing up its arms and letting States define success downward to make themselves look good while leaving more students behind. 
This problem is compounded by an-
other amendment that was not even previously discussed that has now been allowed under this rule, namely, the Salmon amendment, 129, which is uni-versally opposed by civil rights groups from the NAACP to La Raza to the Urban League to LULAC to the Edu-cation Trust. 
The Salmon amendment assumes 
that disadvantaged students aren’t ca-pable of high achievement, perpet-uating low expectations that are pro-jected on students of color, poor stu-dents, immigrant students, students with disabilities, and others. 
This amendment effectively gives in 
to those political pressures which we all feel that work against disadvan-taged students, that work against them at the district level because often their parents are not enfranchised members of the community or voting in school board races or serving on the board that work against them at the State level because they are up against the special interests and, yes, work against them here even in Washington. This body needs to stand up for dis-
advantaged communities, needs to stand up for African Americans, Latinos, immigrant communities, those students with disabilities and en-sure that any deficiency in the quality of instruction for disadvantaged com-munities is not swept under the rug as the Salmon amendment would do. 
I strongly encourage my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle to reject the Salmon amendment. 
While No Child Left Behind certainly 
had its flaws, it did move us forward in continuing to serve low-income and minority students, English language learners and students with disabilities. 
H.R. 5 is a step backwards. Even 
without the Salmon amendment, it ex-cludes students with disabilities from school accountability systems. The bill eliminates the 1 percent cap on alter-nate assessments based on alternative achievement standards. 
Now, again, there is a real-world 
problem to be solved. There are some kids with learning disabilities so se-vere that they can’t be given a test for accountability purposes. And that 1 percent number is an arbitrary num-ber. You can argue it should be half a percent, you can argue it should be 1
1⁄2 
percent. That is a very legitimate dis-cussion to have. And I would be fully open, as many of my colleagues were, to figuring out what that number is. 
The answer is not to eliminate that 
number and effectively allow a State that might serve 12 percent of a popu-lation with students with disabilities to say none of those students will be tested; none of those students with in-dividual education plans, none of those students who might be dyslexic will be looked at in terms of how they are learning. 
Do you know what? My father was 
dyslexic, and it took him until fifth grade to learn to read. But under provi-sions of this bill, he might never have learned to read because he and millions of other Americans with disabilities would be completely swept under the rug with the elimination of the cap. 
This bill also fails to invest in our 
Nation’s teachers. In February, I intro-duced the Great Teaching and Leading for Great Schools Act, which would ad-vance a new definition of professional development based on research and best practices. 
Professional development doesn’t 
have to simply be hiring someone to lecture teachers for a few hours while they are all bored. In fact, there is bet-ter proven, data-proven ways that can help advance teaching and learning in schools, including collaborative peer networks, feedback from teachers and principals, tying data in to ensure that our professional development opportu-nities work. Unfortunately, H.R. 5 eliminates any requirement that en-sures quality professional development for teachers. 
Now, let me talk about one of the 
most concerning provisions in this bill to Democrats, including myself, and it has an innocuous name. It is called 
title I portability. It sounds like a good concept. It says that Federal aid for students of poverty would follow the student. 
Now, that sounds good, again, just as 
that finding that somehow the Federal Government should never do these pro-grams of destruction in national cur-riculum sounds good. But again, it is devoid of facts. 
Let me tell you what the effect of 
this provision would do. What this pro-vision would do is it would shift mil-lions of dollars from schools that serve our most at-risk kids to schools that serve wealthier children. 
The Center for American Progress re-
cently released a report that broke down exactly what the language would mean for high-need schools in each State. In Colorado alone, schools that serve students of poverty would lose over $8 million of funding. 
So again, let’s talk about how this 
works. 
There is a threshold in each school 
district for schools that receive title I free and reduced lunch services. They are focused on the schools that serve the largest pockets of poverty. 
In a school district like Boulder Val-
ley School District whose super-intendent was in to meet with me ear-lier today, they offer title I services in their schools that have about 40 per-cent or more free and reduced lunch kids. That allows them to focus on the eight or nine schools that have the highest need in what is overall a fairly prosperous school district. 
If this provision were passed, re-
sources would be diverted out of those schools that are in our neediest com-munities to the schools that are in our wealthiest communities. 
As our ranking member has said and 
probably will say again, what problem is it you are trying to solve by shifting resources from poor schools to wealthy schools? While, again, it is a noble con-
cept, and if there were a way to hold harmless or provide additional support for schools that serve at-risk kids, there might be some basis of discussion with myself and Members on my side of the aisle; but to simply say that we are going to shift tens or hundreds of mil-lions of dollars from schools that serve kids in communities of poverty to wealthier schools, under any possible accountability metric, I guarantee you, will only increase the already per-sistent learning gap that exists be-tween communities of poverty and prosperous communities, and is exactly the wrong way to go with regard to how we target our Federal resources to make the biggest difference in the lives of Americans who deserve access to quality public education. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate my colleague on the 
other side of the aisle’s enthusiasm on this issue. This is an important topic, something that we have been dis-cussing and debating for many, many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.025 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4883 July 8, 2015 
years and will continue to, because all 
of us want to do right by the children in our school districts. They are our fu-ture. We have an equal amount of en-thusiasm on our side of the aisle. 
At this time, I am very pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the good gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), our ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I rise in support not only of the rule, 
but of the underlying legislation with reforms that are included not only in the bill, but in the amendments that are coming forward in this rule. 
I first want to commend Chairman 
K
LINE and his staff for working over 
the last few months with many mem-bers of our Conference that had some real issues they wanted to see ad-dressed in the bill. I want to talk about a few of those, specifically, the Salmon amendment that this rule makes in order that brings forward the ability for parents to opt out of testing in a way that doesn’t impact the local school system. 
This comes down to a question of 
whether or not you trust parents to make the right decisions for their chil-dren in making real reforms that give parents more control, getting Wash-ington out of those decisions and al-lowing local innovation to move for-ward, and allowing parents to make those decisions about what is best for their children. So the Salmon amend-ment does that. I strongly support it, and I know Chairman K
LINE supports it 
as well. 
I want to also point out the Rokita- 
Grothman amendment. This is an amendment, again, that Chairman K
LINE worked very closely with a num-
ber of our members on to bring forward to reduce the timeframe of the author-ization. Instead of a 6-year authoriza-tion, it would be a 4-year authorization to give an opportunity to let the next administration put their own prints on what they want to see in terms of edu-cation reform while allowing these other reforms to move forward. That is an amendment that Chairman K
LINE 
supports, as I do, and, hopefully, gets added to the bill. 
The third amendment I want to talk 
about is the Zeldin amendment. This is an amendment that gets the Federal Government out of Common Core, not only financially, but also taking the ability away from the Secretary of the Department to use things like Common Core as a bludgeon when they are de-termining whether or not to approve waivers. So I think it is very important to get the Federal Government out of those decisions of Common Core, and that is what the Zeldin amendment does. 
And then, finally, the Walker amend-
ment, allowing a vote on A-PLUS, is something that I support, and I am glad that that is in the rule as well. 
So many good reforms, not only with 
the amendments, but with the under-lying bill, to give parents more control and get the Federal Government out of 
those decisions, really good legislation to advance conservative causes in let-ting innovation happen at the local level. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ), the ranking 
member of the Education and the Workforce Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
as a former teacher, elementary school principal, and school board member, I know firsthand that No Child Left Be-hind is in need of serious improvement. Improvements must take substantial steps towards fulfilling the promises made by ESEA, those simple, yet pow-erful, promises that are at the heart of this civil rights law, promises made to all American children. 
H.R. 5 ignores these promises and en-
dangers the educational gains made in the 50 years since ESEA was passed. H.R. 5 threatens to thrust us back to a time when the right to quality edu-cation was merely an intangible prom-ise for disadvantaged children. It ig-nores the promises at the heart of this civil rights law. 
We must take substantial steps to-
wards fulfilling the promises made by ESEA. H.R. 5 ignores the promise to value every child by allowing States and school districts to redirect funds away from the schools and the children most in need. They call it portability. H.R. 5 ignores the promise that every child counts by using vague and unde-fined accountability measures and fail-ing to provide Federal guardrails for student achievement. 
b1315 
H.R. 5 ignores the promise that every 
child deserves a quality education, and it does so by failing to address our ex-cessive dependence on deeply problem-atic standardized tests. We need to move toward more balanced forms of assessment that effectively measure di-verse kinds of success in teaching and learning. 
Mr. Speaker, I have spent decades 
working to understand how children learn, and I can tell you this—that this bill fails to meet the very promises that are essential for educating our children and that are at the heart of the ESEA. I strongly urge all of my colleagues to vote against this bill of unfulfilled promises. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), someone 
who really embodies something that I have seen in this Congress on both sides of the aisle since my becoming a Member, people who dedicate their lives to different fields. Congress-woman F
OXXis a colleague and a mem-
ber of the Rules Committee who has dedicated her life to education. 
Ms. FOXX. I thank my colleague 
from Washington for yielding and for his kind comments. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s debate on edu-
cation and the Student Success Act is a crucial one for our future. Over the last five decades, the Fed-
eral Government’s role in education has increased dramatically. The De-partment of Education currently runs more than 80 K–12 education programs, many of which are duplicative or inef-fective. 
As a school board member in North 
Carolina, I saw how the vast reporting requirements for these Federal pro-grams tie the hands of State and local school education leaders. 
My colleagues on the House Edu-
cation and the Workforce Committee and I have been working on the Stu-dent Success Act to make common-sense changes to update Federal law, addressing the concerns raised fol-lowing No Child Left Behind. 
Our legislation is centered on four 
principles: reducing the Federal foot-print in education, empowering par-ents, supporting effective teachers, and restoring local control. 
H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, will 
also streamline the Department of Education’s bureaucracy by elimi-nating more than 65 duplicative and in-effective Federal education programs, cutting through the bureaucratic red tape that is stifling innovation in the classroom, granting States and school districts the authority to use Federal education funds as they believe will best meet the unique needs of their students. 
Additionally, this legislation will 
take definitive steps to limit the Sec-retary’s authority by prohibiting him or her from coercing States into adopt-ing academic standards like the Com-mon Core. 
If we would like to reduce the Fed-
eral Government’s role in education, we must act. In the absence of congres-sional action, President Obama and his Education Department have taken un-precedented steps to regulate edu-cation. 
Beginning in 2011, the Obama admin-
istration began offering States tem-porary waivers from No Child Left Behind’s onerous burden in exchange for granting the Secretary of Edu-cation complete discretion to coerce States into enacting the President’s preferred education reforms. 
The Student Success Act provides an 
important opportunity to stop Presi-dent Obama’s overreach into State and local education debates through his waiver scheme. 
Mr. Speaker, our children deserve 
better. It is time to acknowledge more Federal intrusion cannot address the challenges facing schools. That is the promise of the Student Success Act: a reduced Federal role, focused on restor-ing authority and control to parents, teachers, States, and communities on how our children are educated. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. P
OCAN ), a member of the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.026 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4884 July 8, 2015 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, on the 50th 
anniversary of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, now more than ever we must ensure that every kid has access to a great school. It shouldn’t matter who your parents are, what ZIP code you live in, or how many zeros are at the end of your bank account. 
H.R. 5 breaks the promise made 50 
years ago to help all kids get a good public education and to recognize the challenges faced by kids living in pov-erty. 
Republicans will have the oppor-
tunity to make their bad bill even worse by allowing an amendment to come to the floor today which essen-tially turns all of ESEA into a block grant, allowing States to use Federal resources for any educational purpose, meaning States can redirect Federal funds towards taxpayer-funded vouch-ers for private and religious schools. 
That has been a failed experiment in 
Wisconsin, and that strips money away from public schools and hurts kids ev-erywhere. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 5, a bad bill that could likely get even worse today. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ), a fellow freshman. 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, the debate before this 
floor today is who knows best how to educate our children. 
I rise today to speak about H.R. 5, 
the Student Success Act. This is legis-lation that I believe goes a long way in getting the Federal Government out of 
the way of our schools and teachers and putting education back in the right hands by restoring local control. 
As a member of the Education and 
the Workforce Committee, I have spent several hours debating and marking up this legislation. I have also visited sev-eral schools in my district and have spoken with parents, teachers, and ad-ministrators about the challenges they are facing. 
What I heard across the board was 
that top-down regulations from Wash-ington are burdening our teachers with seemingly endless compliance require-ments. 
Our educators should have the ability 
to focus on the individual needs of their students and their classes. In-stead, our current system is forcing them to spend time filling out paper-work and meeting this one-size-fits-all requirement. 
That is exactly why H.R. 5 is impor-
tant legislation that I urge my col-leagues to support today. This bill re-places the current accountability sys-tem that says Washington knows what is best for our students, and it replaces it with a system that gives States and school districts the responsibility for measuring the success of their schools. Through bottom-up reforms, it restores local control and gives our educators more freedom to innovate. 
I have personally seen in my district 
how students and communities benefit from local innovation in schools. We 
have one such example in my district that does not get $1 of Federal funding, and it takes children who are discarded by the public school system and makes successful students from this group. I am very proud of what this school has accomplished. 
H.R. 5 empowers parents, just like at 
this school, with more information to hold schools accountable for effective teaching, and it expands opportunities to send their children to a school that 
best meets their needs. It also gets rid of almost 70 unnecessary Federal pro-grams and, instead, creates a block grant that provides money to the States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. ALLEN. Under H.R. 5, States are 
protected from being coerced into adopting Common Core by the Depart-ment of Education, and they have the right to opt out of any program under the law. 
Mr. Speaker, all of these are signifi-
cant and needed steps to put the re-sponsibility of education back where it belongs, and that is with the States, local school districts, parents, and the educators, as they know what is best. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the distinguished 
ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, more than 60 years ago, 
in Brown vs. Board of Education, the Supreme Court talked about the value of education when it said that, these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if denied the opportunity of an edu-cation. Such an opportunity where the State has undertaken to provide it is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms. 
The fact is that equal educational op-
portunities were not and still are not always available in low-income areas, basically, for two reasons. First, we 
fund education through the real estate tax, virtually guaranteeing that wealthy areas will have more re-sources; and just with the give and take in politics, you know that low-in-come areas will generally get the short end of the stick. 
In 1965, we enacted the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act to recog-nize the disparities in funding. It ad-dresses ‘‘the special educational needs of children of low-income families and the impact that concentrations of low- income families have on the ability of local educational agencies to support adequate educational programs.’’ 
While public education would remain 
fundamentally a local issue through ESEA, the government recognized that, without Federal oversight and support, districts would not address these inequities. In the last reauthorization, better 
known as No Child Left Behind, in ad-dition to money, Congress required States to identify and address achieve-ment gaps. 
Because of that work, the education 
of our children has been much im-proved, as high school dropout rates are at historic lows, as the long-term scores on the national tests have gone up, and as the achievement gaps for ra-cial and ethnic minorities have actu-ally been closing, but the gap between rich and poor has actually been going up. 
Mr. Speaker, with that background, 
the House has put forth its vision of the reauthorization of the ESEA, the Student Success Act. It violates the original purpose of ESEA, first, by re-ducing the funding, but also by chang-ing the funding formula to take money from low-income areas and to give it to wealthy areas. 
For example, Los Angeles, with 70 
percent poverty, would lose about a quarter of its funding while Beverly Hills, with virtually no poverty, would pick up about 30 percent in additional funding under that new formula. 
This rule enables amendments that, 
if adopted in the bill, will significantly reduce the ability of States to deter-mine academic achievement gaps. 
Now, I recognize that everybody is 
mad at having to take tests, and we ad-dress that in the bill by auditing the number of tests, making sure that there are as few as possible and that they are used for purposes which are validated. 
The bill significantly scales back the 
ability of States to identify achieve-ment gaps and then scales back their requirement to do anything about it. 
These are the major flaws in H.R. 5: 
less funding, less ability to determine the achievement gaps, and then no re-quirement to do anything about it. 
There are other problems with the 
bill, for example, block granting pro-grams that will end up underfunding bilingual education, afterschool pro-grams, STEM, arts education, and oth-ers. These vital programs will certainly do worse. 
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, we 
should both defeat the rule. And if the rule passes, we should defeat the bill. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), another freshman col-
league. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of the rule and of the underlying bill. 
We have a chance today to help put 
our K–12 education system back on track, helping students all across this country. 
Over the past 6 months, I have trav-
eled in my district to listen to the con-cerns of teachers, administrators, par-ents, and students. 
One of the most common themes I 
hear is that there is too much confu-sion coming from Washington and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.027 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4885 July 8, 2015 
those who know what is best—our edu-
cators and parents—are not getting a say in our children’s futures. 
Local school districts understand the 
unique needs of their students far bet-ter than any bureaucrat in Washington ever will. 
From No Child Left Behind, Race to 
the Top, and waivers, the Department of Education has sent so many mixed signals that it is impossible for teach-ers and administrators to focus on what is needed most, flexibility to help students learn and succeed. This is why I am a strong supporter of H.R. 5. 
I commend Chairman J
OHNKLINE and 
Subcommittee Chairman T ODDROKITA  
for putting forward legislation that en-sures that students and schools are put first. Accountability will now be placed where it should have been all along, with States and local school districts. 
Labeling half of all schools in the 
United States as failing has caused the Department of Education to become far too overreaching in defining account-ability as they continue to shift the metrics on what is considered satisfac-tory. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5 empowers par-
ents and students by giving them ac-cess to information about local schools in order to hold them accountable. 
In addition, this bill eliminates 65 du-
plicative and underperforming pro-grams and consolidates the money into a new grant program for local school districts. This money can be spent by districts to meet their unique needs. 
Funding for title I remains robust in 
the bill, and students and parents re-tain the ability to make the best edu-cational decisions for them by pro-viding access to charter schools and magnet schools. 
b1330 
Particularly important for my con-
stituents in New York is language in H.R. 5 that prevents the Secretary of Education from forcing States to im-plement Common Core. 
I urge all Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ on 
the rule and to support the underlying bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. D
AVIS), a member of the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, here we go again, back to the same bill we debated earlier this year that continues to embrace the idea that less Federal oversight over Federal dollars is what we need to transform K–12 edu-cation. 
The opposition seems to believe that 
removing Federal standards would help local leaders make tough decisions. That is absolutely wrong. It actually makes it harder. 
For 9 years, I served on a school 
board in a large urban school district, and I remember agonizing over the de-cision to move money from one high- needs school to another. In the end, it was the law and safeguards around title I that helped direct us to make 
sure the money went to the students that required the greatest assistance. This changes that. 
Mr. Speaker, what we need is a Fed-
eral law that gives guidance to local school board members that must deal with thousands of competing interests every single day and which enables local leaders ultimately to make the right decision. 
Mr. Speaker, today represents a 
missed opportunity. We need a 21st century education system that makes investment in all our Nation’s chil-dren. That and only that will help our Nation compete in the global economy. Today’s reauthorization of ESEA not only misses the mark, but actually moves us in the wrong direction. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, a ‘‘no’’ 
vote on final passage and also on the Salmon amendment. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. R
OKITA ), the chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Early Childhood, El-ementary, and Secondary Education. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the leadership, the gentleman from Washington, and the members of the Committee on Rules for bringing this rule to the floor. I think it is a good rule. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on it and the underlying bill, which I am hopeful and pleased we are going to get to today. 
In response to some of the last speak-
ers, first of all, let me associate myself with the remarks of Ms. S
TEFANIK from 
New York. She is right on. This is ex-actly the kind of policy and law that we need in this country at this par-ticular time because it puts the trust and the personal responsibility back in the hands of the people where it be-longs; and that is our parents, our teachers, our school principals, and su-perintendents. 
How arrogant for anyone to think 
that we here in Washington know bet-ter how to raise our children than those children’s parents, working hand in hand, side by side, with that child’s teacher and school leaders. 
This bill is needed. It is right on 
point. It is needed for the 21st century, and I want to address some of the mis-information that might be out there. 
First of all, I want to be very clear, 
Mr. Speaker, that the civil rights pro-tections, which I agree with my friend, the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, are very, very important—critical. That is all kept here. That language remains because it is essential. 
Secondly, we mandate disaggregated 
data so that we can see from a holistic, collective standpoint how our children of whatever ethnic background are doing. That is very important. That is kept. Title I is there. There is some more portability, but we think that is a good thing because choice in this sub-ject is a good thing. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would say 
that this isn’t about money. Federal spending in education has gone up 300 percent since the Federal Government 
got involved in this business, and test results are flat. It is not about money. It is about leadership. 
The best way to empower leaders is 
to give them the tools that they need so that they can help our children grow and compete in the 21st century world and win. That is exactly what the Stu-dent Success Act does. It trusts teach-ers and parents over Washington bu-reaucrats. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for full support 
from this House for the rule and for the underlying legislation. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition to the rule which would allow for consideration of H.R. 5, a harmful bill that abandons our com-mitment to ensuring all children in my home State of Arizona and across the country are afforded quality education that prepares them for success. 
We can all agree that every child de-
serves a fair shot by giving them and their teachers the tools they need; but the reality is millions of kids face addi-tional barriers that require targeted resources. Unfortunately, this bill turns its back on these kids by block granting all funding for English lan-guage learners, migrant students, and at-risk students and lets the funding be spent elsewhere. 
What is more, it eliminates require-
ments that schools improve the edu-cation of English language learners each year. By removing accountability for the achievement and learning gains of Latinos and English language learn-ers, this bill ignores the real needs of kids and families across our commu-nities. 
Mr. Speaker, a Latino child in Phoe-
nix deserves every resource he or she needs to succeed. That is why I strong-ly support the Democratic substitute amendment to H.R. 5 offered by my colleague Congressman S
COTT. This al-
ternative recognizes the needs of Latino students and ensures proper oversight that we know is necessary. 
I urge all my colleagues to oppose 
H.R. 5 and its dangerous provisions for Latino students. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, when he 
first signed into law the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, Presi-dent Lyndon B. Johnson greatly ad-vanced both education and civil rights. 
Now, here, 50 years later, the need for 
Federal support for our schools re-mains very real, but Republicans cele-brate the anniversary by effectively re-pealing the civil rights portion, Title I, of this act. 
In February, Republicans began con-
sideration of this bill and then sus-pended it because so many of their Members did not think it was extreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.028 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4886 July 8, 2015 
enough in cutting aid to our schools. 
Since then, the Senate has come to-gether in a bipartisan, though lacking, approach, but a better approach that recognizes the need for civil rights and public education. 
Just as it did previously on immigra-
tion reform, the House has rejected that bipartisan approach and has jumped off the right end with a more extreme antieducation attitude. 
In a few weeks, bright-faced young 
schoolchildren will put on their backpacks and head off to school. As their number increases, this bill actu-ally cuts the purchasing power avail-able to our schools to meet those grow-ing needs. 
Most importantly, Republicans would 
encourage the States to divert aid from the schools with the greatest need and to actually use Federal dollars to re-place what the States are already spending on education. 
Not only does the bill shortchange 
our schools and our students, it also eliminates dedicated funding for im-portant programs like STEM—science, technology, engineering, and math edu-cation. These STEM skills are driving innovation. 
It is silent on support for our young-
est Americans, as schools across the country recognize that brain research supports having pre-K through 12 edu-cation. We need not only account-ability but funding. This bill should be rejected. We cannot shut the door on these students. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the good gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, passage 
of this measure will restore responsible management to our forests after dec-ades of Federal neglect. My district in-cludes seven national forests which have suffered from increasingly dev-astating forest fires caused by over-grown, mismanaged forests and has 
been economically hobbled by restric-tions on forest management. 
Last year, in just one of my counties, 
just three forest fires burned 200,000 acres. Our rural communities, public lands, and environment are being de-stroyed by this neglect. 
This measure will return active man-
agement to our forests by increasing flexibility; cutting red tape; and, most importantly, acting to manage forests before fires occur, not afterwards. Streamlining the review process means that forest management can occur when it is actually needed to address dangerous conditions, not after years of legal roadblocks. 
Allowing categorical exclusions for 
postfire salvage and rehabilitation has-tens forest recovery and prevents fuel buildup that can contribute to the next future fire. Expanding local involve-ment in forest management will im-prove the data available for planning and respect local priorities. 
In light of Forest Service surveys 
finding that over 12 million Sierra Ne-vada trees have died in the last year, we cannot afford to wait another year. Mr. Speaker, it is imperative that we 
act today before our forests have passed beyond any point where they can be restored to good forest health. 
Mr. POLIS. I would like to inquire 
how much time remains on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
LLEN ). The gentleman from Colorado 
has 21⁄2minutes remaining. The gen-
tleman from Washington has 8 minutes remaining. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time to close. 
Instead of engaging in partisan fights 
on so important an issue that, in es-sence, is about our future as a Nation and future generations, we should find common ground. Education is a civil right. All students deserve the oppor-tunity of a world class, high-quality education. 
This very week, the Senate is dis-
cussing their own version of ESEA re-authorization. Now, while nothing is perfect, their bill reflects the bipar-tisan spirit that would improve this bill if it was allowed in this body. 
Members of the Tri-Caucus and lead-
ers of the New Democrat Coalition have sent letters to the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions with a number of suggestions for their bill, but at least there is a bi-partisan attempt to help prepare our Nation’s kids for our future. 
ESEA is one of the most significant 
pieces of legislation this body will con-sider. It is a bill about our future. Members of this body are eager to im-prove this bill and pass a reauthorized version to finally replace No Child Left Behind. 
No child should have to attend a fail-
ing school, and ZIP Code and race should never determine the quality of an education that a child receives. I think that is something, hopefully, we can agree on as a core principle. 
Unfortunately, the bill before us re-
treats from our promise to our Na-tion’s students. H.R. 5 would bring us back to a time with no accountability standards, where students with disabil-ities are swept under the rug. 
It would divert money from the 
schools and kids that need it the most; and with the Salmon amendment, it would sweep minority students, stu-dents with disabilities, new immigrant students, and low-income students under the rug, as they were in the past. Now that they have emerged, we must ensure that they meet all the learning needs for all students. 
Mr. Speaker, we are shortchanging 
our Nation’s kids by not being thought-ful and deliberate with this issue. It is rare that a bill would unite the busi-ness community, teachers, school boards, and many others in opposition, but H.R. 5 does this. 
The bill’s sponsors had 133 days to 
give students and our country a bill that they deserve. 
b1345 
It is a shame that they didn’t take 
better advantage of that opportunity. I encourage my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no’’ on the rule; ‘‘no’’ on the bill; ‘‘no’’ on the Salmon amendment; and ‘‘yes’’ on the Democratic substitute, which was thoughtfully put together to ensure that America’s next generation is prepared to carry on our legacy of global leadership and to put food on their tables as aspiring members of our great country. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As you can tell, due to the number of 
colleagues from both sides of the aisle speaking today, these are critically im-portant issues we are considering, im-portant to the economic well-being of our country, as well as to the health of our forest lands and the safety of rural communities. 
Reforming our education system and 
the way we combat wildfires and man-age our forests is of the highest pri-ority, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this rule, as well as both of the underlying bills. 
This rule provides for consideration 
of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal For-ests Act of 2015, a bipartisan, com-prehensive bill aimed at expediting and improving forest management activi-ties in Federal forests. 
This critical piece of legislation 
would address the disastrous con-sequences of catastrophic wildfire and would return resilience to our over-grown, fire-prone forests by dramati-cally improving the health of our Fed-eral forests and rangelands. 
My district, as well as many other 
areas around the country, continue to face the threat of catastrophic wildfire, which is made worse by the continuing drought conditions and the poor man-agement and maintenance of forests on our Federal lands. 
We must begin to take steps to pre-
vent and address these fires, which this bill does by reforming the way we pre-
pare, respond to, and fund wildfire re-sponse and mitigation efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot continue on 
this current path, where we limp from one devastating fire to the next, unable to break the cycle of destructive fire seasons due to ineffective funding mechanisms, insufficient forest main-tenance, and a burdensome Federal permitting and review process. 
This bill addresses these short-
comings by tackling the problem of fire borrowing, simplifying environ-mental process requirements, reducing project planning times, and lowering the cost of implementing forest man-agement projects, all while ensuring robust environmental protections. 
Mr. Speaker, because of the reforms 
and streamlined authorities in this bill, there will be an increase in acres of treated land, which will come at no additional cost to our taxpayers. This legislation is essential and desperately needed to change the outdated, unsustainable, and ultimately dan-gerous system of forest management on Federal lands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.071 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4887 July 8, 2015 
This rule also provides for further 
consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, a reform of our Nation’s education system which reduces the Federal Government’s footprint in State and local issues and restores con-trol over education back to those on the ground who are best qualified to make the decisions affecting their stu-dents, parents, teachers, and commu-nities. 
Mr. Speaker, a well-educated work-
force is imperative to the health and vitality of both our Nation’s children and our economy. The Student Success Act empowers parents, local commu-nities, and State governments to lead the way in fixing America’s broken educational system. 
H.R. 5 will benefit students, parents, 
teachers, and school administrators by returning responsibility for student achievement to the States and local communities, while maintaining high standards and expectations for our Na-tion’s students, teachers, and schools. 
This is a good, straightforward rule, 
Mr. Speaker, allowing for consider-ation of two critical pieces of legisla-tion that will help protect our rural communities, provide much-needed re-forms to our education system, and en-sure that we are prepared to respond to the devastating and catastrophic wildfires that have plagued many areas of our country. I support the rule’s adoption, and I urge my colleagues also to support both the rule and the under-lying bills. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 185, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 392] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—185 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Aguilar Black Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
b1418 
Messrs. DOYLE, SIRES, and HIMES 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. FITZPATRICK, FRELING-
HUYSEN, DUFFY, STEFANIK, MULLIN, YOHO, BRIDENSTINE, TIBERI, YOUNG of Alaska, ROGERS of Alabama, and TIPTON changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SEVENTH ANNUAL CONGRES-
SIONAL WOMEN’S SOFTBALL GAME 
(Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the congressional version of the Women’s World Cup Soccer team, the softball version. 
I am here with my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle, my teammates, my sisters who played valiantly in the 7th Annual Congressional Women’s Soft-ball Game. 
Congratulations to the women Mem-
bers of Congress who beat the press in a shutout game, defending our title in back-to-back victories as Congres-sional Women’s Softball Game Cham-pions. 
I want to thank my teammates on 
both sides of the aisle. They have be-come my sisters and my friends throughout the whole season. 
It is always so amazing to think 
about what we do over 3 months with the incredibly busy schedules that so many of us have, coming out to prac-tice at 7:00 in the morning, two or three times a week. We did not have a smaller turnout for practice than 10 Members at each practice at 7:00 in the morning. And our hard work paid off. 
This is a game that, I know, many of 
you know is near and dear to my heart. 
I know that many of you know this. 
It bears repeating just because of the reason that we play this game. I was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\H08JY5.REC H08JY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4888 July 8, 2015 
diagnosed with breast cancer 71⁄2years 
ago, and today I am cancer free at 41 years old. 
It is really timely for us to be able to 
focus some attention on breast cancer in young women, given the USPSTF recommendations and the discussions that we are having around making sure that we pay attention and help young women focus on their breast health. That is what this game is all about. 
We are so proud to tell you that since 
we started this game 7 years ago, we have raised about $700,000 for the Young Survival Coalition. $200,000 of that was this game. 
Without the leadership and dedica-
tion of our board of directors and our organizing committee, this game and the money we raise would not have been possible. 
I want to specifically thank our 
board president, Kate Yglesias Hough-ton, and all the members of board: Atalie Ebersole, Natalie Buchanan, Tori Barnes, and Kristen Buckler. Also, a huge thank you to the members of 
the organizing committee: Jill Agostino, Sean Bartlett, Gary Caruso, Kayla Dunlap, Katharine Emerson, Ben Gerdes, Jenna Glazer, Kathryn Hamm, Erika Kelly, Jim Kiley, and Dana Paikowsky. A special shout-out to E
DDIE PERLMUTTER , who was one of our 
assistant coaches, and to our cheer-leaders. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the 
gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY), who for the second time this 
month and for the second time in the last couple of weeks is actually stand-ing next to me. 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to associate myself with the gen-tlewoman from Florida’s remarks. 
I also would like to thank all of our 
colleagues here in this Chamber today that have not only come out and sup-ported us, but also supported the Young Survivors Coalition as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the survivors. Each member of this team played either in memory of or on behalf of someone who is currently struggling with the fight with cancer. 
So I would just say to mine, Rhonda 
McCall Walker, Mr. Speaker, who came from Alabama and attended the game, along with so many others, that we support these individuals. This is a really incredible thing that the Mem-bers of Congress do. 
Mr. Speaker, to the Bad News Babes, 
I would just say we are on it for next year, too. So keep your guard up. 
I would like to also recognize the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR), who is the MVP. She played an 
incredible game. And ‘‘most improved’’ is the gentlewoman from Arizona, K
YRSTEN SINEMA . 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly take the chair. 
b1426 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of 
Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) 
had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 132, line 24. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment by Mr. G
ARAMENDI of 
California. 
Amendment by Mrs. C APPS of Cali-
fornia. 
Amendment by Mr. S ABLAN of the 
Northern Mariana Islands. 
Amendment by Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida. 
Amendment by Mr. G RIJALVA of Ari-
zona. 
Amendment by Ms. T SONGAS of Mas-
sachusetts. 
Amendment by Mr. G RIJALVA of Ari-
zona. 
Amendment by Mr. P OLIS of Colo-
rado. 
Amendment by Ms. E DWARDS of 
Maryland. 
Amendment No. 13 by Mrs. L AWRENCE  
of Michigan. 
Amendment by Mr. P OLIS of Colo-
rado. 
Amendment by Ms. T SONGAS of Mas-
sachusetts. 
Amendment by Mr. G RIJALVA of Ari-
zona. 
Amendment by Mr. B EYER of Vir-
ginia. 
Amendment No. 6 by Mrs. B LACKBURN  
of Tennessee. 
Amendment by Mr. P EARCE of New 
Mexico. 
Amendment by Mr. H ARDY of Nevada. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 244, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 393] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin 
NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeGette Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4889 July 8, 2015 
Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cleaver 
Culberson Deutch Engel 
Lofgren Miller (FL) Speier 
Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1429 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 243, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 394] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Blackburn 
Culberson Deutch 
Lofgren Miller (FL) 
Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1433 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SABLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 245, not voting 5, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.004 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4890 July 8, 2015 
[Roll No. 395] 
AYES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zinke 
NOES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—5 
Culberson 
Deutch Kaptur 
Lofgren Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1436 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 188, noes 239, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 396] 
AYES—188 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford 
Barletta Bass 
Beatty Becerra 
Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOES—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.007 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4891 July 8, 2015 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Clay 
Culberson Deutch 
Johnson (GA) Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1439 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 239, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 397] 
AYES—189 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Culberson Deutch Duffy 
Lofgren Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1442 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 238, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 398] 
AYES—191 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.008 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4892 July 8, 2015 
Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOES—238 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1446 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 251, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 399] 
AYES—178 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—251 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.009 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4893 July 8, 2015 
Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1449 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 243, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 400] 
AYES—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam 
Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1453 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 249, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 401] 
AYES—180 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.010 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4894 July 8, 2015 
Higgins 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—249 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1456 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 250, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 402] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—250 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.012 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4895 July 8, 2015 
Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1459 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 237, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 403] 
AYES—192 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1503 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 243, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 404] 
AYES—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.013 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4896 July 8, 2015 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers McSally 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1506 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I would like to in-
clude an extension of the record indicating that I inadvertently voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 404. I intended to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 244, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 405] 
AYES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.015 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4897 July 8, 2015 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Culberson 
Denham Deutch 
Duncan (SC) Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1509 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, during 
rollcall vote No. 405, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote 
No. 405 on H.R. 2822, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, during 
rollcall vote No. 405 on H.R. 2822, I mistak-enly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 237, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 406] 
AYES—189 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Carson (IN) 
Carter (GA) Culberson Deutch 
Harris Lofgren Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1512 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on roll-
call No. 406, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair, on roll-
call No. 406 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 168, noes 258, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 407] 
AYES—168 
Allen 
Amash Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Crawford DeSantis 
DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.016 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4898 July 8, 2015 
Gosar 
Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—258 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cramer 
Culberson Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) Pascrell Simpson 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1515 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
407, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 198, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 408] 
AYES—231 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—198 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.021 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4899 July 8, 2015 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1518 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HARDY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 222, noes 206, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 409] 
AYES—222 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—206 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—5 
Culberson Deutch Lofgren 
Miller (FL) Stutzman 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1522 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, due to 
being unavoidably detained, I missed the fol-lowing rollcall votes: No. 392–No. 409 on July 8, 2015 (today). 
If present, I would have voted: rollcall vote 
No. 392—On Agreeing to the Resolution, Pro-viding for further consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act and H.R. 2647, the Re-silient Federal Forests Act of 2015, ‘‘aye;’’ roll-call vote No. 393—On Agreeing to the Amend-ment, First Garamendi of California Amend-ment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 394—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Capps of California Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 395—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Sablan of Northern Mariana Is-lands Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 396—On Agreeing to the Amend-ment, Castor of Florida Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 397—On Agree-ing to the Amendment, First Grijalva of Ari-zona Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 398—On agreeing to the Amend-ment, First Tsongas of Massachusetts Amend-ment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 399—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Second Grijalva of Arizona Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 400—On Agreeing to the Amendment, First Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 401—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Edwards of Maryland Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall No. 402—On agreeing to the Amendment, Lawrence of Michigan Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ roll-call vote No. 403—On Agreeing to the Amend-ment, Second Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 404—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Second Tsongas of Massachusetts Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 405—On Agreeing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.023 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4900 July 8, 2015 
the Amendment, Third Grijalva of Arizona 
Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 406—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Beyer of Virginia Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 407—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Blackburn of Tennessee Amendment No. 6 to H.R. 2822, ‘‘aye;’’ rollcall vote No. 408—On Agreeing to the Amend-ment, Pearce of New Mexico Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2822, ‘‘aye;’’ rollcall vote No. 409— On Agreeing to the Amendment, Hardy of Ne-vada Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. B
LACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2822) making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 286. An act to amend the Indian Self-De-
termination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
CALLING FOR SUBSTANTIVE DIA-
LOGUE TO ADDRESS TIBETAN GRIEVANCES AND SECURE NEGO-TIATED AGREEMENT FOR TI-BETAN PEOPLE 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 337) calling for substantive dialogue, without preconditions, in order to ad-dress Tibetan grievances and secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 337 
Whereas Tibet is the center of Tibetan 
Buddhism, and His Holiness the Dalai Lama is the most revered figure in Tibetan Bud-dhism worldwide; Whereas the Chinese response to the Ti-
betan Uprising in 1959 led to the exile of Tenzin Gyatso, His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama, Tibet’s spiritual and temporal leader; 
Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama, 
who on July 6, 2015, celebrates his 80th birth-day, has for over 50 years in exile signifi-cantly advanced greater understanding, tol-erance, harmony and respect among the reli-gious faiths of the world; 
Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama 
has led the effort to preserve the rich cul-tural, religious, historical and linguistic her-itage of the Tibetan people while at the same time promoting the safeguarding of other en-dangered cultures throughout the world; 
Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama 
has personally promoted democratic self- government for Tibetans in exile and in 2011 turned over political authority to the demo-cratically elected leadership of the Central Tibetan Administration; 
Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama 
has been greatly concerned by the state of the Tibetan environment and the exploi-tation of its natural resources, including fresh water—as rivers originating in the Ti-betan plateau support one-third of the world’s population—and has promoted envi-ronmental awareness in the region; 
Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama 
was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 in recognition of his efforts to seek a peaceful resolution to the situation in Tibet, and to promote non-violent methods for resolving conflict; 
Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama 
was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 2007 in recognition of his promotion of de-mocracy, freedom, and peace for the Tibetan people; his efforts to preserve the cultural, religious, and linguistic heritage of the Ti-betan people; his promotion of non-violence; and his contributions to global religious un-derstanding, human rights, and ecology; 
Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama, 
as the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism, publicly presented in 2011 the religious proc-ess which Tibetan Buddhists should follow regarding his reincarnation; 
Whereas the Chinese central government 
has attempted to interfere with the reincar-nation process and the practice of Tibetan Buddhist religious traditions; and Chinese officials assert that the failure to secure Bei-jing’s approval on the Dalai Lama’s reincar-nation would make the process ‘‘illegal’’; 
Whereas in the words of Party official Zhu 
Weiqun, ‘‘Decision-making power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama and over the end or survival of his lineage, resides 
with the central government of China.’’; 
Whereas the Department of State’s Inter-
national Religious Freedom Report for 2013 noted that in Tibetan areas of China ‘‘[r]epression was severe and increased around politically sensitive events and reli-gious anniversaries,’’ and ‘‘[o]fficial inter-ference in the practice of Tibetan Buddhist religious traditions continued to generate profound grievances’’; 
Whereas the Department of State has des-
ignated China as a ‘‘country of particular concern’’ (CPC) for religious freedom since 1999, and in its 2013 human rights report de-tails that ‘‘under the banner of maintaining social stability and combating separatism, the [Chinese] government has engaged in the severe repression of Tibet’s unique religious, cultural, and linguistic heritage by, among other means, strictly curtailing the civil rights of China’s ethnic Tibetan population, including the freedoms of speech, religion, association, assembly, and movement’’; 
Whereas access to Tibetan areas of China 
for United States officials, journalists, and other United States citizens, is restricted by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, obscuring the full impact of the Chi-
nese Government’s policies, including the disappearance of Tibetans who sought to share information about human rights abuses on the Tibetan Plateau; 
Whereas the Department of State’s 2014 
Report on Tibet Negotiations noted that ‘‘The Dalai Lama’s representatives and Chi-nese officials have not met directly since the ninth round of dialogue in January 2010.’’; 
Whereas, on March 10, 2015, the elected Ti-
betan leader Sikyong Dr. Lobsang Sangay publicly stated ‘‘The Envoys of His Holiness the Dalai Lama are ready to engage in dia-logue with their Chinese counterpart any time and any place.’’; 
Whereas it is the objective of the United 
States Government, consistent across ad-ministrations of different political parties and as articulated in the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 (subtitle B of title VI of Public Law 107–228; 22 U.S.C. 6901 note) to promote dia-logue between the Government of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China and the Dalai Lama or his representatives to reach a negotiated agreement on Tibet; 
Whereas China may be considering con-
vening a Sixth Tibet Work Forum to set pol-icy on Tibet for the next five years or so, with the last such work forum having been held in 2010; and 
Whereas the American people have a long- 
held concern for and interest in the plight of the Tibetan people: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives— 
(1) calls on the United States Government 
to fully implement sections 613(a) and 621(c) of the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 by strongly encouraging representatives of the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China and His Holiness the Dalai Lama to hold sub-stantive dialogue, in keeping with the Ti-betan Policy Act of 2002 and without pre-conditions, in order to address Tibetan griev-ances and secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people; 
(2) calls on the United States Government 
to fully implement section 618 of the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 in regard to the establish-ment of an office in Lhasa, Tibet, to monitor political, economic and cultural develop-ments in Tibet, and to provide consular pro-tection and citizen services; 
(3) urges the United States Government— (A) to consistently raise Tibetan human 
rights and political and religious freedom concerns at the United States-China Stra-tegic and Economic Dialogue and other high- level bilateral meetings; 
(B) and the Special Coordinator for Ti-
betan Issues to offer their assistance to China in its preparations for a potential fu-
ture Sixth Tibet Work Form; and 
(C) to call for the immediate and uncondi-
tional release of Tibetan political prisoners, including Gedhun Choekyi Nyima, the 11th Panchen Lama, who was taken into custody by the Chinese authorities and has been missing since 1995, Tenzin Delek Rinpoche, and Khenpo Kartse (Khenpo Karma Tsewang); 
(4) calls on the United States Government 
to underscore that government interference in the Tibetan reincarnation process is a vio-lation of the internationally recognized right to religious freedom and to highlight the fact that other countries besides China have long Tibetan Buddhist traditions, and that matters related to reincarnations in Tibetan Buddhism are of keen interest to Tibetan Buddhist populations worldwide; 
(5) calls on the United States Government 
to recognize and increase global public awareness and monitoring of the upcoming electoral process through which the Tibetan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.025 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4901 July 8, 2015 
people in exile will choose the next demo-
cratically elected leader of the Central Ti-betan Administration, the Sikyong; 
(6) calls on the United States Government 
to fully implement section 616(b) of the Ti-betan Policy Act of 2002 by using its voice and vote to encourage development organiza-tions and agencies to design and implement development projects that fully comply with the Tibet Project Principles; 
(7) calls on United States and international 
governments, organizations, and civil soci-ety to renew and reinforce initiatives to pro-mote the preservation of the distinct reli-gious, cultural, linguistic, and national iden-tity of the Tibetan people; 
(8) calls on the Government of the People’s 
Republic of China to allow unrestricted ac-cess to the Tibetan areas of China to United States officials, journalists, and other United States citizens; 
(9) affirms the Dalai Lama’s desire for a 
negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people, and urges the Chinese government to enter into negotiations with the Dalai Lama and his representatives; and 
(10) reaffirms the unwavering friendship 
between the people of the United States and the people of Tibet. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to submit statements or extra-neous materials for the R
ECORD on this 
measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of House Resolution 337, calling for substantive dialogue without pre-conditions to help secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people. I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), my friend and col-
league, for his leadership in intro-ducing this bipartisan resolution. 
This week, Madam Speaker, when so 
many voices around the world are joined in wishing his holiness the Dalai Lama a happy 80th birthday, it is a fit-ting time to recommit ourselves to Congress’ longstanding support for the fundamental rights of the people of Tibet, because the situation in Tibet has never been more bleak. Those basic rights involve fundamental and foundational rights of freedom of reli-gion. 
The recent State Department Human 
Rights Report offered a withering criti-cism of the Chinese Government’s over-sight of Tibet and Tibetan areas in China. It said: 
The government engaged in severe repres-
sion of Tibet’s religious, cultural, and reli-gious heritage by, among other means, strictly curtailing the civil rights of China’s Tibetan population, including the rights of the freedom of speech, religion, association, assembly, and movement. Unfortunately, the regime’s inter-
ference extends even to the most ele-mental aspects of Tibetan Buddhist practice. This year marks the 20th an-niversary of the disappearance of the Panchen Lama, who was detained by Chinese Government officials back in 1995 when he was a young child. Zhu Weiqun, a top Communist official deal-ing with ethnic and religious affairs, has claimed, ‘‘decisionmaking power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama and over the end or survival of his lineage resides with the central Government of China.’’ 
Sadly, we know that Tibetans have 
used self-immolations as a protest against religious and political over-sight by the Chinese Government. There have been 134 self-immolations since 2009. The numbers are decreasing because of heavy security and punish-ments that target family members and entire villages. It is difficult to fathom the despair and the desperation felt by Tibetans who take this last act of defi-ance. The Chinese Government has blamed the Dalai Lama and ‘‘foreign forces’’ for self-immolations instead of looking at how their own despicable policies created such deep grievances. 
Madam Speaker, the Tibetan people 
want to be free to practice their unique faith and to live by the dictates of their faith. This freedom is denied to them. The Chinese Government ex-panded its efforts last year to trans-form Tibetan Buddhism into a state- managed institution. They sought to undermine the devotion of the Tibetan people to the Dalai Lama and control the process of selecting Buddhist lead-ers. The Chinese Government wants a Tibetan Buddhism that is attractive to tourists and which allows the Com-munist Party to manage its affairs. 
b1530 
The U.N. Special Rapporteur on reli-
gion recently criticized China’s efforts to control Tibetan Buddhism and the process of selecting leaders. He said: 
The Chinese Government is destroying the 
autonomy of religious communities . . . cre-ating schisms and pitting people against each other in order to exercise control. 
This is exactly what the Chinese 
Government has done to other reli-gious groups, including Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, and the Falun Gong. When the faithful don’t fall in line, they are jailed. 
Madam Speaker, the Congressional- 
Executive Commission on China, of which I serve as chairman, has a pris-oner database that contains records on 617 Tibetan political and religious pris-oners. Forty-four percent of those de-tained are monks, nuns, and religious teachers. Almost all were imprisoned since 2008. 
Unfortunately, our ability to get ac-
curate information in real time about this situation in Tibet is complicated by restrictions on access to Tibetan areas by United States officials, jour-nalists, and other U.S. citizens. This has frustrated U.S. consular officers’ ability to provide services to American 
citizens. 
In October 2013, the Chinese Govern-
ment delayed access for over 48 hours during an emergency situation involv-ing a bus accident that ultimately re-sulted in the deaths of three U.S. citi-zens and injuries to others. 
As the Chinese Government pushes 
for new consulates and official facili-ties in the United States, our govern-ment must insist on an official pres-ence in Lhasa, which is called for in section 618 of the Tibetan Policy Act, which became law in the year 2002. 
The Dalai Lama is recognized inter-
nationally for his commitment to peaceful and nonviolent conflict reso-lution. The recipient of the 1989 Nobel Peace Prize and a Congressional Gold Medal winner in 2007, he has made clear his willingness to engage in dialogue with Chinese counterparts at any time, at any place, and without any pre-conditions. 
Unfortunately, this commitment to 
peaceful dialogue is not reciprocal, and Chinese officials have not met directly with his representatives in over 5 years. This is the longest break since the dialogue—or so-called dialogue— started in 2002. 
Indeed, a Chinese Government white 
paper on Tibet published this April states that China will ‘‘only talk with private representatives of the Dalai Lama’’ to discuss ‘‘the future of the Dalai Lama’’ and how he can ‘‘gain the forgiveness of the central government and the Chinese people.’’ 
That is outrageous. Instead of asking 
for the Dalai Lama’s forgiveness for the decades of brutal repression, the Chinese Government demands that he ask the government of China for for-giveness. 
This is unfortunate and highly coun-
terproductive. If China’s goal is to build a ‘‘harmonious society’’ in Tibet, which they love to tout, it cannot be done without the Dalai Lama. He is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people. His views are widely shared throughout Tibetan society, and he can be a con-structive partner with China in ad-dressing continuing tensions and deep- seated grievances. 
In light of this, the resolution before 
us calls for fuller implementation of existing U.S. law in support of direct dialogue between Chinese officials and the Dalai Lama; it calls for an official U.S. presence in Lhasa and urges our government to ensure that religious rights and religious freedom issues are consistently raised in the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue and other high-level meetings. 
It has many, many other provisions 
which I know the prime sponsor will elaborate. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of H. Res. 337, and I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.027 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4902 July 8, 2015 
(Ms. P ELOSI ), our leader and one of the 
greatest champions of Tibet’s struggle for freedom. 
Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I commend him for being a champion on human rights throughout the world. 
I am pleased to associate myself with 
the remarks of Chairman S
MITH, and I 
thank him for his courageous, long- term dedication to human rights throughout the world and the recogni-tion that what is happening in Tibet is a challenge to the conscience of our country and to the world. 
I thank him for enumerating some of 
the concerns that we have, and I know that our distinguished ranking member will talk about some of what is con-tained in the resolution. I thank them both for their leadership. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of the resolution and in celebra-tion of the 80th birthday of His Holi-ness the Dalai Lama, whose spiritual wisdom and friendship have been in-spiring and uplifting to many Tibetans, Americans, and people throughout the world. 
His Holiness the Dalai Lama is a 
transcendent presence on the inter-national stage. As a compassionate re-ligious leader, astute diplomat, and an undaunted believer in the power of nonviolence, the Dalai Lama has earned the respect of people from many nations, many backgrounds, and many faith traditions. 
American Presidents and the Amer-
ican people have been inspired by His Holiness, who describes himself as a simple monk, ‘‘no more, no less.’’ Those American Presidents began with Franklin Roosevelt, who sent His Holi-ness the Dalai Lama a watch with the phases of the Moon on it for his birth-day when he was a little boy. 
How prescient it was of President 
Roosevelt because His Holiness would not only be a religious figure, but one who related so positively to science and its mysteries. 
To Tibetan Buddhists, His Holiness is 
the earthly manifestation of the living Buddha. To them and the international community, he is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people. To millions of believers and admirers, he is a source of wisdom and compassion. To young 
people, His Holiness is a positive exam-ple of how to make the world a better place. 
As our colleague mentioned, the Chi-
nese Government has refused to meet with him. They are afraid to meet with him; they consider him a threat, and that is so unnecessary. They accuse him of being for independence when he has said for decades now that he is for autonomy for Tibet. 
The Chinese Government has bru-
tally repressed Tibet’s unique reli-gious, cultural, and linguistic heritage. The Chinese Government’s oppression of the Tibetan people and the Chinese Communist Party’s vitriolic campaign against the Dalai Lama continues, which, again, challenges us all to speak out. Again, the situation in Tibet is a 
challenge to the conscience of the world. If freedom-loving people do not speak out against oppression in Tibet, then we have lost all moral authority to speak out on behalf of human rights anywhere in the world. 
If it is a big country with whom we 
have big commercial interests, like China, it deters us from using our voices in support of human rights. How then can we turn to smaller, less eco-nomically significant countries and say, ‘‘But for you, the standard is dif-ferent’’? 
The Congress must continue to stand 
with the Tibetan people and stand with His Holiness the Dalai Lama to ensure that Tibetan children are free to learn their language, practice their faith, and honor their culture as they live in peace. 
Perhaps one of the most remarkable 
achievements of His Holiness is his pro-found and unbreakable connection with the people of Tibet. He has won the Nobel Peace Prize, as was indicated; and we honored him with a Congres-sional Gold Medal in 2007. At that time, it was an honor for all of us that Presi-dent George W. Bush and Mrs. Bush at-tended that gold medal ceremony. 
An 80th birthday is a significant 
milestone in any culture, none more so than in Tibet. This is a moment to cel-ebrate; yet on his birthday, July 6, Ti-betans were still not even allowed to utter the Dalai Lama’s name. 
In the Dalai Lama’s homeland, more 
than 140 Tibetans have self-immolated to protest oppression by the Chinese Government and the Chinese Com-munist Party’s vitriolic campaign against the exiled Tibetan religious; yet the people of Tibet persevere. They persevere in peace. The nonviolent na-ture of the Tibetan struggle should serve as an inspiration to a world riven by conflict and devastating acts of vio-lence. 
During his long life, the Dalai Lama 
has shown that harmony between peo-ples is based on freedom of expression, the freedom and courage to speak the truth and treat others with mutual re-spect and dignity. 
I just recall one incident when I was 
visiting His Holiness in India at 
Dharamsala. He had lamas come from all over to visit with our bipartisan congressional delegation who were vis-iting him there. 
After people got up and talked about 
all the oppression and the campaign against the Tibetans that was hap-pening at that time, I got up to speak following that, and I said that we, in Congress, must act; we must act in terms of legislation to support the peo-ple of Tibet. 
I said so in a very forceful way be-
cause it was so sad to hear the stories of what was happening in Tibet, and I was so strong in my reaction to it. His Holiness followed me in the program, and he said: ‘‘I pray that we can rid N
ANCY of her negative attitudes.’’ 
Anyway, there is no better way to 
honor the Dalai Lama on his 80th birthday than by standing with him 
and the Tibetan people, vowing to keep their cause alive. 
As we wish His Holiness a peaceful 
and joyous birthday, we must rededi-cate ourselves to the cause of peace in the world and peace in our lives. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H. Res. 337. 
I am proud to have offered this resolu-tion that calls for the Chinese Govern-ment to sit down with Tibet’s leaders without preconditions, listen to their grievances, and work toward an agree-ment that guarantees the rights and security of the Tibetan people. 
It also marks, as the Democratic 
leader pointed out, the 80th birthday of the spiritual leader of the Tibetan peo-ple, His Holiness, the 14th Dalai Lama. 
I have had the privilege to meet His 
Holiness, who is truly a remarkable man, such a gentle spirit driven from within by incredible strength and cour-age, a person of such humor and kind-ness whose life has been marked by struggle and setback. 
I first met him here in Washington 
many years ago. When you meet him, no matter your faith or background, you cannot help but feel the bond of common humanity and be drawn into his cause and the cause of the Tibetan people; indeed, many in Congress have gotten behind this effort. 
Let me, again, especially thank 
Leader P
ELOSI . There has been no 
greater champion in Congress for the Tibetan struggle for freedom. For 
years, she has held a light to the chal-lenges the Tibetan people face in pre-serving their unique culture, language, and religion. I am honored that she is cosponsoring this resolution. 
Let me also thank Asia Sub-
committee Chairman M
ATT SALMON , 
and co-chairmen of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, Represent-ative J
IMMCGOVERN and Representa-
tive J OSEPH PITTS, for supporting this 
measure. I thank my friend Mr. S MITH 
of New Jersey as well. 
Since 1951, the people of Tibet have 
lived under the shadow of the People’s Republic of China, without guarantees of even the most basic rights and with no say in deciding Tibet’s future. The Dalai Lama has described the cultural genocide the Tibetan people have en-dured, forced assimilation and loss of language and cultural identity. 
Today, as human rights conditions 
for the Tibetan people deteriorate and continue to deteriorate, as more mon-asteries come under government con-trol, as more people are arrested, the desperation of the Tibetan people grows. 
Tragically, more than 140 Tibetans 
have burned themselves alive in pro-test of growing oppression; yet the Chi-nese authorities have not changed course. Despite talk of mutual respect and social harmony, the reality in Tibet tells a very, very different story. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.072 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4903 July 8, 2015 
Today, we look to the example set by 
the Dalai Lama and call for meaningful change for the Tibetan people. The Dalai Lama’s life has been a peaceful journey toward a better future for his people. It is in that spirit that we call on the Chinese Government to nego-tiate without preconditions. 
His Holiness has shown that demo-
cratic institutions can thrive alongside spiritual leadership. It is in that spirit that we urge the Chinese Government not to involve itself in the spiritual succession process for the next Dalai Lama, should there be one. 
The Dalai Lama has championed 
freedom of expression and freedom of conscience to promote mutual under-standing and harmony. It is in this 
spirit that this resolution calls on China to allow unrestricted access to officials, journalists, and other Amer-ica citizens. 
Let’s not forget the United States 
has an obligation to hold up these free-doms as well. That is why this measure also calls on our own government to press the issues of human rights, polit-ical rights, and religious rights at the highest levels of the Chinese Govern-ment and to call for the immediate re-lease of Tibetan political prisoners. 
Throughout his life, the Dalai Lama 
has worked for a peaceful path forward for the Tibetan people. We are grateful for his example and his wisdom. With this resolution, we urge China’s leaders to do the right thing for Tibet. 
I enthusiastically support this reso-
lution; I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1545 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), the co-chair of the 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commis-sion and a longtime supporter of the Dalai Lama and of Tibet. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) for yielding me the 
time and for his leadership on this issue and on so many other issues. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
R
OYCE ; Subcommittee Chairman S ALM-
ON; my friend and fellow co-chair of the 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commis-sion, Congressman J
OEPITTS; as well 
as my colleague from New Jersey, Con-gressman S
MITH, for working in such a 
bipartisan way to bring this resolution to the House floor during this week when we are all celebrating the 80th birthday of His Holiness, the Dalai Lama. 
I especially want to thank Demo-
cratic Leader P
ELOSI for her many 
years of leadership and support of the Tibetan people. She is a true champion in the struggle to protect their basic human rights and autonomy. 
We are all here because we care about 
the fundamental human rights of Ti-betans, including the right to worship 
as they choose and to enjoy and pro-tect their culture. But we may be run-ning out of time to guarantee those rights. 
As we celebrate the 80th birthday of 
Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama, the Chinese Government has recently asserted its right to approve his suc-cessor. The very continuation of the ancient line of Tibetan spiritual lead-ership and reincarnation is in question. 
Next Tuesday, on July 14, the Tom 
Lantos Human Rights Commission will hold a hearing on the situation in Tibet with the aim of identifying new, creative ideas to advance the basic human rights of Tibetans and to ensure Tibetan autonomy. 
I share the concerns of my colleagues 
that the situation in Tibet is dire. 
Since 2009, more than 130 Tibetans in-
side China have taken the unimagi-nable step of setting themselves on fire. At least 112 are believed to have died. Some chose self-immolation to protest Chinese Government policies, others, to call for the return of the Dalai Lama. In response, Chinese au-thorities have intensified official re-prisals. 
Surely the people of Tibet must won-
der whether anyone is hearing their desperate cries. With this resolution, we are attempting to send a clear mes-sage back to Tibet that, yes, we hear you. You are not alone. 
Regrettably, the human rights 
abuses in Tibet are neither new nor un-known. On the contrary, Tibet is a very sensitive issue in U.S.-China relations. U.S. policy is supposed to be guided by the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002, which encourages dialogue between the Chi-nese Government and representatives of the Dalai Lama, but Chinese intran-sigence has closed down dialogue since 2010. 
China also severely restricts access 
to Tibet and Tibetan regions, espe-cially for U.S. journalists, officials, and citizens, even though, I might add, Chinese citizens and officials enjoy un-restricted access here in the United States. 
In April, the Chinese Government 
issued a new white paper on Tibet, with its own unbelievable version of history and an unprecedented demand that the 
Dalai Lama publicly state that Tibet has been an integral part of China since antiquity as a precondition for improving relations with China. 
Madam Speaker, we need to be doing 
something different. We need to have the guts to take some action. Everyone in the world says how much they ad-mire the Dalai Lama. Every head of state, every international organization all declare how much they care about Tibet and worry about Tibetan human rights abuses, but things have only gotten worse. We must all come to-gether now to change the status quo, to change the game the Chinese Govern-ment has been playing for so many dec-ades. 
The situation is urgent. It can wait 
no longer. And shame on all of us if we stand by with empty words and con-
tinue to watch the people of Tibet suf-fer and their culture, religion, and way of life be exterminated day by day, year by year, until nothing is left. 
So I thank my colleagues for bring-
ing this urgent matter to the attention of Congress, and I urge all my col-leagues to support H. Res. 337. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ). 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. What happens 
when the United States remains silent? What happens is repression and torture and the expansion of dictatorship, and, in the end, it makes the United States vulnerable. 
We have sat back and permitted the 
Chinese to take whatever course they want to suppress the people of Tibet for over three decades now. And has it made Tibet any better, the people any freer that we haven’t put any demands on the Communist Party in Beijing? 
Has it made war less likely between 
the United States? 
Has there been any more, because we 
have given them such elbow room, that the Chinese dictators in Beijing have decided to move on and treat their peo-ple a little bit better? 
No. What has happened is there has 
been a growing repression and a grow-ing chance of an altercation, an inter-national altercation between China and its neighbors and, yes, the United States. 
It is time we stand up for the people 
of the world who are fighting, strug-gling for their freedom, knowing that is what will make us secure, and no-where is that more clear than in Tibet. 
The people of Tibet are not Chinese 
people who are just reunited by the Communist Chinese with the mother-land in China. It has been a distinct culture for centuries. And it wasn’t until long after the Communist Chi-nese had taken over the rest of China that they invaded Tibet and subjugated its people. 
The Dalai Lama is the spiritual lead-
er, but also a symbolic force for free-dom of religion and humanitarianism in this world. 
We, as Americans, need to make sure 
that we are on the side of the Dalai Lama and the people of Tibet and in no way could our actions be interpreted, our silence be interpreted to be acqui-escence to the repression that the peo-ple of Tibet have been experiencing these last three and four decades. 
I rise in support of H. Res. 337, and I 
thank my colleagues for the leadership that they have provided on this issue. Let’s make sure America stands tall, stands strong, and stands with the peo-ple of Tibet and other people seeking their freedom. 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume to close. 
I urge my colleagues to support H. 
Res. 337. I think everyone who spoke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.073 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4904 July 8, 2015 
made excellent points, and we are all of 
one mind. This is the right thing to do. 
We should support this resolution to 
honor the deep humility, respect, and peace that the Dalai Lama represents to us and to people around the world. We should support this resolution to underscore our friendship and commit-ment to the Tibetan people and to all people who are oppressed and deprived of their basic rights. 
Let me say that again, and to all peo-
ple who are oppressed and deprived of their basic rights. 
And we should support this resolu-
tion on behalf of the Chinese people themselves, the growing number of people inside China who understand China itself will be more prosperous and more successful when their govern-ment chooses to be genuinely open and respectful of all peoples and cultures. 
I urge my colleagues to support H. 
Res. 337, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to again thank my good friend and colleague E
LIOT ENGEL  
for his excellent resolution. It is a bi-partisan resolution. 
I want to also thank Leader P
ELOSI  
for her eloquence on the floor today and for her love and respect that she has conveyed for decades to the Dalai Lama and the people of Tibet. 
This is a bipartisan resolution. It 
shows, I think, that we are absolutely united, and I think that is an impor-tant message to send at this critical juncture. 
I also want to point out to my col-
leagues that China really is a place where much is never as it seems to be. People who take trips there, go on tours there, even Members of Congress who travel there come away with a Potemkin village viewpoint of what is happening, especially when torture and other degrading acts and cruelty is routinely visited upon and imposed upon people that the Chinese Govern-ment deems to be of lesser value. 
We see it with the Falun Gong. We 
see it with underground Christians. We see it with the Uighurs. And we see it in Tibet, where there has been a sys-tematic effort to eradicate the culture of Tibet. It is genocide. They even used forced abortion as a way of genocide to kill the children of Tibetan mothers. 
Years ago I held a hearing in the 
mid-1990s, and it was on torture in the People’s Republic of China. And let us not forget, Chinese law proscribes tor-ture. It prohibits torture. It is all a nice paper promise. It doesn’t mean anything. 
They have also signed the convention 
against torture, the U.N. convention, and they love to ballyhoo that when they are at international fora and when their people travel here to the United States. 
But let’s not forget, as well, that 
China took out a reservation to the U.N. Convention Against Torture, Arti-cle 20, that exempts it from accepting any investigation about abuses. So the 
only one who will investigate China is the Chinese Government itself. They will not allow the International Com-mittee of the Red Cross. They will not allow U.S. representatives and other bilateral or, I should say, multilateral organizations to come in and inves-tigate allegations of torture. 
Back in the early 1990s, again, I held 
this hearing, one of many. I have held 53 hearings on human rights abuses in China over the years. But this one we had six people, all of whom had been tortured with impunity by the Chinese Government. 
Palden Gyatso, who is a Buddhist 
monk, came to the Rayburn Building, tried to go through the security there and was stopped. He was stopped be-cause he brought with him some of the implements of torture that are used routinely by the Chinese Government— cattle prods and other hideous instru-ments that are put under the arms and elsewhere to cause horrific damage and pain to the victim—and he described in detail at the hearing what he person-ally went through. 
Regrettably, that continues to this 
day. The State Department’s report on human rights recently released re-minds us that electric shocks, exposure to cold, and severe beatings, as well as extreme physical labor, are routinely used against Tibetans and Tibetan Buddhists, in particular, just like they were against Palden Gyatso years ago. 
So it has not changed. It has actually 
gotten worse. And again, this resolu-tion brings the light and scrutiny that is so necessary to these hideous prac-tices. 
So again, I urge my colleagues to 
support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 337, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF HOUSE 
REGARDING SREBRENICA 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 310) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding Srebrenica. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 310 
Whereas July 2015 will mark 20 years since 
the genocide at Srebrenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina; 
Whereas beginning in April 1992, aggression 
and ethnic cleansing perpetrated by Bosnian Serb forces resulted in a massive influx of 
Bosniaks seeking protection in Srebrenica and its environs, which the United Nations Security Council designated a ‘‘safe area’’ within the Srebrenica enclave in Resolution 819 on April 16, 1993, under the protection of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR); 
Whereas the UNPROFOR presence in 
Srebrenica consisted of a Dutch peace-keeping battalion, with representatives of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the International Committee of the Red Cross, and the humanitarian medical aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doc-tors Without Borders) helping to provide hu-manitarian relief to the displaced population living in conditions of massive overcrowding, destitution, and disease; 
Whereas early in 1995, an intensified block-
ade of the enclave by Bosnian Serb forces de-prived the entire population of humanitarian aid and outside communication and contact, and effectively reduced the ability of the Dutch peacekeeping battalion to deter ag-gression or otherwise respond effectively to a deteriorating situation; 
Whereas beginning on July 6, 1995, Bosnian 
Serb forces attacked UNPROFOR outposts, seized control of the isolated enclave, held captured Dutch soldiers hostage and, after skirmishes with local defenders, took con-trol of the town of Srebrenica on July 11, 1995; 
Whereas an estimated one-third of the pop-
ulation of Srebrenica at the time, including a relatively small number of soldiers, at-tempted to pass through the lines of Bosnian Serb forces to the relative safety of Bosnian- government controlled territory, but many were killed by patrols and ambushes; 
Whereas the remaining population sought 
protection with the Dutch peacekeeping bat-talion at its headquarters in the village of Potocari north of Srebrenica, but many of these individuals were with seeming random-ness seized by Bosnian Serb forces to be beaten, raped, or executed; 
Whereas Bosnian Serb forces deported 
women, children, and the elderly in buses, but held over 8,000 primarily Bosniak men and boys at collection points and sites in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina under their control, and then summarily executed these captives and buried them in mass graves; 
Whereas Bosnian Serb forces, hoping to 
conceal evidence of the massacre at Srebrenica, subsequently moved corpses from initial mass grave sites to many sec-ondary sites scattered throughout parts of 
eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina under their control; 
Whereas the International Commission for 
Missing Persons (ICMP) deserves recognition for its assistance to the relevant institutions in Bosnia and Herzegovina in accounting for close to 90 percent of those individuals re-ported missing from Srebrenica, despite ac-tive attempts to conceal evidence of the massacre, through the careful excavation of mass graves sites and subsequent DNA anal-ysis which confirmed the true extent of the massacre; 
Whereas the massacre at Srebrenica was 
among the worst of many atrocities to occur in the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina from April 1992 to November 1995, during which the policies of aggression and ethnic cleansing pursued by Bosnian Serb forces with the direct support of the Serbian re-gime of Slobodan Milosevic and its followers ultimately led to the displacement of more than 2,000,000 people, more than 100,000 killed, tens of thousands raped or otherwise tortured and abused, including at concentra-tion camps in the Prijedor area, with the in-nocent civilians of Sarajevo and other urban 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.074 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4905 July 8, 2015 
centers repeatedly subjected to traumatic 
shelling and sniper attacks; 
Whereas in addition to being the primary 
victims at Srebrenica, individuals with Bosniak heritage comprise the vast majority of the victims during the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina as a whole, especially among the civilian population; 
Whereas Article 2 of the Convention on the 
Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide defines genocide as ‘‘any of the fol-lowing acts committed with intent to de-stroy, in whole or in part, a national, eth-nical, racial or religious group, as such: (a) killing members of the group; (b) causing se-rious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; (c) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part; (d) imposing measures intended to pre-vent births within the group; and (e) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group’’; 
Whereas, on May 25, 1993, the United Na-
tions Security Council adopted Resolution 827 establishing the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), based in The Hague, the Netherlands, and charging the ICTY with responsibility for in-vestigating and prosecuting individuals sus-pected of committing war crimes, genocide, crimes against humanity and grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Conventions on the terri-tory of the former Yugoslavia since 1991; 
Whereas the ICTY, along with courts in 
Bosnia and Herzegovina as well as in Serbia, have indicted and in most cases convicted approximately three dozen individuals at various levels of responsibility for grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Conventions, violations of the laws or customs of war, crimes against humanity, genocide, and complicity in genocide associated with the massacre at Srebrenica, most notably Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic whose trials are ongoing; 
Whereas both the ICTY and the Inter-
national Court of Justice (ICJ) have ruled that the actions of Bosnian Serb forces in Srebrenica in July 1995 constitute genocide; 
Whereas House Resolution 199, passed on 
June 27, 2005, expressed the sense of the House of Representatives that the aggression and ethnic cleansing committed by Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina meets the terms defining genocide according to the 1949 Genocide Convention; 
Whereas the United Nations has largely ac-
knowledged its failure to fulfill its responsi-bility to take actions and make decisions that could have deterred the assault on Srebrenica and prevented the subsequent genocide from occurring; 
Whereas some prominent Serbian and Bos-
nian Serb officials, among others, have de-nied or at least refused to acknowledge that the massacre at Srebrenica constituted a genocide, or have sought otherwise to trivialize the extent and importance of the massacre; and 
Whereas the international community, in-
cluding the United States, has continued to provide personnel and resources, including through direct military intervention, to pre-vent further aggression and ethnic cleansing, to negotiate the General Framework Agree-ment for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina (initialed in Dayton, Ohio, on November 21, 1995, and signed in Paris on December 14, 1995), and to help ensure its fullest imple-mentation, including cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia as well as reconciliation among all of Bosnia and Herzegovina’s citi-zens: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives— (1) affirms that the policies of aggression 
and ethnic cleansing as implemented by Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1992 to 1995 meet the terms defining the crime of genocide in Article 2 of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide; 
(2) condemns statements that deny or 
question that the massacre at Srebrenica constituted a genocide; 
(3) urges the Atrocities Prevention Board, 
a United States interagency committee es-tablished by the Administration in 2012, to study the lessons of Srebrenica and issue in-formed guidance on how to prevent similar incidents from recurring in the future, pay-ing particular regard to troubled countries including but not limited to Syria, the Cen-tral African Republic and Burundi; 
(4) encourages the United States to main-
tain and reaffirm its policy of supporting the independence and territorial integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina, peace and stability in southeastern Europe as a whole, and the right of all people living in the region, re-gardless of national, racial, ethnic or reli-gious background, to return to their homes and enjoy the benefits of democratic institu-tions, the rule of law, and economic oppor-tunity, as well as to know the fate of missing relatives and friends; 
(5) recognizes the achievement of the 
International Commission for Missing Per-sons (ICMP) in accounting for those missing in conflicts or natural disasters around the world and believes that the ICMP deserves justified recognition for its assistance to Bosnia and Herzegovina and its relevant in-stitutions in accounting for approximately ninety percent of those reported missing after the Srebrenica massacre and seventy percent of those reported missing during the whole of the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina; 
(6) welcomes the arrest and transfer to the 
International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) of all persons in-dicted for war crimes, crimes against human-ity, genocide and grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Conventions, particularly those of Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic, which has helped strengthen peace and encouraged reconciliation between the countries of the region and their citizens; 
(7) asserts that it is in the national inter-
est of the United States that those individ-uals who are responsible for these crimes and breaches should continue to be held account-able for their actions, and that the work of the ICTY therefore warrants continued sup-port until all trials and appeals have been completed; and 
(8) honors the thousands of innocent people 
killed or executed at Srebrenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina in July 1995, along with all individuals who were victimized during the conflict and genocide in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1992 to 1995, as well as for-eign nationals, including United States citi-zens, and those individuals in Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and other countries of the region who risked and in some cases lost their lives during their brave defense of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and advocacy of respect for ethnic identity without discrimination. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
days to submit statements and extra-neous materials for the R
ECORD on this 
measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, this week, the world 
pauses to remember and reflect on the Srebrenica genocide, horrific acts of brutality, wanton cruelty, and mass murder committed in Srebrenica begin-ning July 11, 20 years ago. 
This week, we pause to honor those 
brave Bosniaks who suffered and died, victims of genocide. This week, the people in the United States and men and women of goodwill throughout the world again extend our deepest condo-lences and respect to the mothers and surviving family members who have endured unspeakable sorrow and loss that time will never abate. And this week, the international community must recommit itself to justice, once and for all, for those who perpetrated these heinous crimes. 
Today, Ratko Mladic and Radovan 
Karadzic are incarcerated, awaiting final disposition of their cases before the International Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for multiple counts of genocide, crimes against humanity, and violations of laws and customs of war. 
Twenty years ago, Madam Speaker, 
an estimated 8,000 people were system-atically slaughtered by Bosnian Serb soldiers in the United Nations-des-ignated ‘‘safe haven’’ area of Srebrenica. They killed Muslim women and children, but especially sought out and murdered adult males in that area. 
b1600 
These brutal killings were not com-
mitted in battle. They were committed against people who were unarmed and helpless and who had been repeatedly assured by Dutch peacekeepers that they would not be harmed if they sur-rendered. 
The evidence is overwhelming that 
the executions were committed with the specific intention of destroying the Bosnian Muslim population of that area. This intention is the central ele-ment in the crime of genocide. 
The U.N. peacekeeping forces in 
Srebrenica were charged with enforcing Security Council Resolution 836, which had pledged to defend the safe areas with ‘‘all necessary means, including the use of force.’’ 
But when the moment of truth came, 
the U.N. forces offered only token re-sistance to the Serb offensive. Their military and political commanders had redefined their primary mission not as the protection of the people of Srebrenica, but as the safety of the U.N. forces themselves. 
When Bosnian Serb Commander 
Ratko Mladic threatened violence against the blue-helmeted soldiers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.028 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4906 July 8, 2015 
here is the way one of those soldiers 
described the reaction. And I quote him: ‘‘Everybody got a fright. You could easily get killed in such an oper-ation. As far as I knew, we had not been sent to Srebrenica to defend the enclave, but, rather, as some kind of spruced-up observers.’’ 
So that is what the peacekeepers be-
came: observers to genocide. Soon they became something more than observ-ers: enablers. 
On July 13, the Dutch blue-helmet 
battalion handed Bosnian Muslims who had sought safety within the U.N. com-pound over to the Serbs. They watched as the men were separated from the women and children, a process which was already well known in Bosnia—it was at the time—as a sign that the men were in imminent danger of being executed. These men were never heard from again. 
At one congressional hearing I 
chaired in March of 1998—and I had six of them—Hasan Nuhanovic, the indige-nous translator working for the U.N. peacekeepers in Srebrenica, testified. 
He was there in the room. Hasan lost 
his family in the genocide. He was there when Mladic and the com-manders of the Dutch peacekeepers talked about the terms. 
Here is what he told my panel, in 
part: 
‘‘On July 12, the day before the fall of 
Srebrenica, the Bosnian Serb Army commander, General Ratko Mladic, re-quested a meeting with the Dutchbat commander, Lieutenant Colonel Karemans, and local representatives of Srebrenica in the nearby town of Bratunac outside the enclave . . . Dur-ing the meeting, Mladic assured the Dutch and local delegation that no harm would come to the refugees in Potocari . . . 
‘‘Upon returning to the camp, three 
local representatives are ordered by Dutchbat deputy commander, Major Franken, to prepare a list of all males, all men and boys between the ages of 16 and 65 among the refugees inside and outside the camp. The list of the males among the 6,000 inside the camp was completed the same day . . . 
‘‘On July 13, the Dutch ordered 6,000 
refugees out of the Potocari camp. The Serbs were waiting at the gate, sepa-rating all males from the women and children. Major Franken stated that all the males whose names were on the list would be safe . . . I watched my par-ents and my brother being handed over to the Serbs at the gate. None of them have been seen since. 
‘‘I want to explain here that the peo-
ple hoped that the Dutch were going to protect them, the U.N. peacekeeping troops and all other members of all other organization who were present in Srebrenica who were inside the camp, the people hoped that they would be protected, but the Dutch soldiers and officer gave no other option to the ref-ugees but to leave. So the refugees in-side were told to leave without any other choice. My family was told on the evening of 13 July that they should 
leave. About 6 p.m., there were no more refugees inside the camp. 
‘‘I don’t know if this is the topic of 
the meeting or hearing, but the same night the Dutch soldiers had a party inside the camp because they received two or three trucks full of beer and cigarettes. They played music while I was sitting, not knowing what hap-pened to my family.’’ 
As he went on to say later, they had 
all been slaughtered. 
In July of 2007, Madam Speaker, I 
visited Srebrenica, where, together with my good friends President Haris Silajdzic and the Grand Mufti of Bos-nia, Reis Ceric, I spoke at a solemn me-morial service and witnessed the in-ternment of hundreds of wooden coffins of newly discovered victims of the genocide. 
It was a deeply moving experience to 
see 12 years then after the genocide— now it is 20 years—families still griev-ing loved ones whose bodies were being identified, often miles from the killing sites, as Serb forces, trying to hide the evidence of their crimes, moved the bodies of their victims. 
For the record, 10 years ago—in 
2005—the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed H. Res. 199, which I authored, which clearly and unambiguously condemned the Srebrenica massacre for what it was: genocide. 
That resolution was a landmark in 
the recognition of the Srebrenica mas-sacre as a genocide. Two years later the verdict of the International Court of Justice found the same, in con-firming the ruling of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugo-slavia. 
Today the international community 
is nearly unanimous when it proclaims that the Srebrenica massacre was a genocide. The resolution today, of course, supports that as well. 
Astonishingly, Madam Speaker, 
there are some genocide deniers. That is why this resolution condemns state-ments that deny that the massacre at Srebrenica constituted genocide. Just last weekend Milorad Dodik, the presi-dent of Republika Srpska, asserted that the Srebrenica genocide is a lie. 
Madam Speaker, just as it is doing in 
Ukraine, Russia is utilizing misin-formation and historical revisionism in an attempt to destabilize Bosnia and the Balkan region. Today Russia ve-toed a British U.N. Security Council resolution that reaffirms that Srebrenica was a genocide. 
Russia has encouraged Serbia itself 
to protest the resolution and emboldened genocide denialism in the Republika Srpska, one of Bosnia’s two constituent entities. 
Madam Speaker, this resolution also 
encourages the administration to ful-fill other neglected responsibilities. In particular, it urges the Atrocities Pre-vention Board to study the lessons of Srebrenica and issue informed guid-ance on how to prevent similar inci-dents from recurring in the future. As you may know, the Atrocities 
Prevention Board is a U.S. interagency committee established by the adminis-tration in 2012 to flag potential atroc-ities. However, since its creation, the board has been marked by inaction and a complete lack of transparency. 
This is unacceptable, especially as 
conflicts with disturbing parallels to Bosnia before the genocide continue to fester in Syria, the Central African Re-public, Burma, and in Burundi. 
Africa, in particular, would stand to 
benefit from a more active board. The conflict in Burundi is currently at a tipping point, and it absolutely needs attention. 
Madam Speaker, despite the need for 
much greater atrocities prevention in U.S. policy, there have been many promising developments in the Balkan region, and this needs to be under-scored. 
In particular, I would note that Ser-
bia today is not the Serbia of the Slobodan Milosevic era. That era was marked by nationalist aggression against neighboring countries and peo-ples, as well as considerable repression at home. 
One of those who testified at one of 
my hearings on Serbia, Curuvija, a great young leader, was murdered on the second day after our bombing began by Serbian people. And the per-sons who did that have now been held to account. So what has happened there—thankfully, there have now been significant changes in Serbia. 
I want to thank my colleagues. I do 
hope we will have a strong show of sup-port for this resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H. Res. 310. I am the lead sponsor of this resolu-
tion. And I remember 20 years ago being in this Chamber when that mas-sacre happened. It is hard to believe that it has been 20 years since the Srebrenica genocide, and it certainly was a genocide. 
During the Bosnian war, the United 
Nations declared the area around this small town a safe zone. On the eve of the massacre, tens of thousands of dis-placed Bosniak civilians had gathered under the protection of the U.N. in what they thought was a safe zone. 
They all rushed to that place, only to 
be slaughtered a little while later. But the 400 U.N. peacekeepers could put up scarce resistance to the army of the Republika Srpska, whose leaders were bent on wiping out the Bosniak popu-lation. 
Over the next few days, men and boys 
were lined up and mowed down by ma-chine guns. Children were murdered in front of their mothers. Women and girls were raped and beaten, as onlook-ers stood powerless to intervene. Bull-dozers piled bodies into mass graves. 
I remember that happened in our life-
time. It is hard to believe. 
When the killing had ended, more 
than 8,000 Bosniaks—mostly men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.078 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4907 July 8, 2015 
boys—had lost their lives in one of the 
bloodiest episodes on European soil since World War II. 
This resolution tells their tragic 
story. It praises the efforts to hold the guilty accountable. It demands that those efforts continue. It underscores solidarity with the victims and calls for a reconciliation that will one day see the lies, hatred, and violence of the past replaced by true friendship and community. 
This resolution tells the truth about 
what happened because telling the truth—however painful—is the starting point for healing to begin. 
We remember the Srebrenica geno-
cide to honor the victims and to re-mind ourselves of the costs of indiffer-ence, of what can happen when we say, well, that is somebody else’s problem. 
As this region of Europe heals—I 
have just come back from the Bal-kans—and charts a course toward a brighter future, I hope the lessons of this tragedy will be a guide for the United States and for countries around the world fighting against tyranny and oppression. 
Today there was a disgrace that hap-
pened at the United Nations. Unfortu-nately, there are many disgraces that 
happen at the United Nations. 
Two international courts have called 
the slaughter of Bosnian Serbs of some 8,000 Muslim men and boys who had sought refuge in what was supposed to be a U.N.-protected site genocide. 
Now, what happened today at the 
U.N.? Russia vetoed a U.N. resolution calling Srebrenica a genocide. It passed the Security Council. Russia vetoed it. 
You would think that a veto would be 
used for something of substance, not a resolution. This resolution has sub-stance, but you would not think that Russia or any country would veto it. 
Let me see what this defeated resolu-
tion stated. It stated that acceptance of ‘‘the tragic events at Srebrenica as genocide is a prerequisite for reconcili-ation’’ and ‘‘condemns denial of this genocide as hindering efforts towards reconciliation.’’ 
The vote was ten countries in favor; 
Russia casting a veto; and four absten-tions: China, Nigeria, Angola, and Ven-ezuela. 
The British Ambassador after the 
vote said that Britain was outraged by Russia’s veto. And he said Russia’s ac-tions tarnish the memory of all those who died in the Srebrenica genocide. Russia will have to justify its behavior to the families of over 8,000 people mur-dered in the worst atrocity in Europe since the second World War. 
‘‘This is a defeat of justice,’’ said 
Camil Durakovic, the mayor of Srebrenica. He added that the veto means that the U.N. is not recognizing a decision by its own judicial branch, the International Court of Justice, which has declared the tragedy a geno-cide. ‘‘The world has lost. The world, and especially Serbia, will have to face the truth sooner or later.’’ 
Our Ambassador Samantha Powell, 
who was a 24-year-old journalist in Bosnia at the time of the Srebrenica 
massacre, told the Council that, ‘‘For all of the brutality of a horrific war, this was a singular horror. It was geno-cide, a fact now proven again and again by international tribunals.’’ 
‘‘Today’s vote mattered,’’ Power 
said. ‘‘It mattered hugely to the fami-lies of the victims of the Srebrenica genocide. Russia’s veto is heart-breaking for those families, and it is a further stain on this Council’s record.’’ 
I read that into the R
ECORD because I 
think it is important to notice the ac-tions of Russia. We see their actions in Ukraine. We see their actions at the U.N. And we see the actions of the U.N., itself. And it really is a shame. 
So, again, we remember this genocide 
to honor its victims. It is not some-body else’s problem. It is all of our problems. 
b1615 
In order to prevent it from happening 
in the future, we have to accurately re-call what happened in the past. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), the distinguished 
chairman of the full Foreign Affairs Committee and a great leader on human rights. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey for 
bringing this bill up and keeping this atrocity and the lessons that it means for us today in front of this body, and as always, I appreciate Mr. E
NGEL ’s co-
operation in seeing this resolution move to the floor. 
I appreciate the powerful stories that 
were shared by Mr. E
NGEL and by Mr. 
SMITH today in terms of what happened 
on that day 20 years ago this month as Bosnian Serb forces transformed what was supposed to be a U.N. safe haven for refugees into what became an exter-mination camp. 
On that July day, 8,000 men and boys 
were massacred. As they shared with you, Serb forces compiled detailed lists of those targeted for killing. They sep-arated families, and they drove those young Muslim men to various fields where they were summarily executed. 
The International Criminal Tribunal 
for the former Yugoslavia ruled that this act was an act of genocide—and rightly so. We do not know the names of many of these victims, as these kill-ers took extensive measures to cover their crimes. As a result, families have never found their missing relatives, and experts continue to uncover and identify remains at the scenes of these mass killings. 
Former United Nations Secretary- 
General Kofi Annan has said that this tragedy will ‘‘haunt the United Nations forever.’’ Although it occurred 20 years ago, this massacre continues to hinder progress towards peace in this troubled region. For while Serbia’s President has apologized for crimes committed, 
he and other Serbian officials still refuse to admit the true extent of the brutality. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s resolution en-
courages Serbian authorities to pub-licly acknowledge the genocide that occurred, which would constitute a major step forward in restoring rela-tions with its neighbor. 
This resolution also reaffirms U.S. 
policy to oppose mass atrocities in the strongest terms whenever and wher-ever they occur; but of course, the Srebrenica genocide, along with others in Rwanda, Cambodia, and Darfur, are stark reminders that simply saying ‘‘never again’’ will never be enough. Action is needed, and it is demanded as, around the world, violent conflicts threaten to erupt once more into geno-cidal campaigns. 
I will name some right now. Ongoing 
abuses against the Rohingya Muslim population in Burma have caused human rights advocates to sound the alarm over a ‘‘grave risk of additional mass atrocities and even genocide.’’ Unable to claim citizenship in Burma or elsewhere and under constant threat of violence, many have called the Rohingya Muslims ‘‘the most per-secuted minority in the world,’’ leading thousands upon thousands to flee their homes in overloaded boats. That is why I helped lead the effort last Congress to pass H. Res. 418, calling for an end to the persecution of the Rohingya peo-ple. 
In Sri Lanka, anti-Muslim riots 
broke out last June killing four and in-juring dozens more. Acting with impu-nity under the Rajapaksa government, extremist forces destroyed mosques and Muslim businesses, displacing thousands. 
Under the Sirisena government, how-
ever, we have an opportunity to press 
for positive change and inclusivity in the newly elected government there in Sri Lanka. 
Extremist groups are similarly tar-
geting minority communities in Syria, the Central African Republic, and Bu-rundi. While we absolutely must re-member past atrocities, we are charged with doing all we can to stop today’s violence. I don’t want future Con-gresses having to memorialize atroc-ities from our era now. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, Mr. C
HRIS 
SMITH, for introducing this timely and 
important resolution; and, again, I thank Mr. E
NGEL . 
I encourage my colleagues to join me 
in supporting this. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend my friend 
from New Jersey (Mr. S MITH) for his 
leadership on this important resolu-tion, and I am gratified that we held this timely debate ahead of the solemn commemorations that will take place in Srebrenica and around the world this weekend. 
I thank our chairman for his leader-
ship, Chairman R
OYCE , as usual. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.079 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4908 July 8, 2015 
shows that we worked again together 
on the Foreign Affairs Committee in a very bipartisan manner. This tran-scends everything. This is genocide, and these resolutions are very, very important. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, let’s think about 
this. The chairman said something that really jostled my mind. I pointed out where a U.N. resolution was vetoed today by Russia. These men who were massacred in a genocide went to what they were told was a United Nations safe haven. 
For this to happen under the auspices 
of the United Nations and then for Rus-sia to veto a United Nations resolution commemorating solemn, solemn 20 years, it is just an absolute disgrace and irony; and it is one of the reasons that the United Nations has trouble be-cause of the hypocrisy, once again, that we see in that body. 
By passing this resolution, we put 
the House solidly on record honoring the thousands of innocent people killed at Srebrenica and all those who suf-fered during the Bosnian war. We stand alongside those who risked and contin-ued to risk life and limb to defend the human rights of all people. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this resolution unanimously, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to finally 
say a very special thanks to Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY for arranging 
for this bill to come to the floor and of course to the Speaker, to E
DROYCE , 
our distinguished chairman, and the ranking member for their strong sup-port and cosponsorship of this resolu-tion. It is bipartisan, and I think we are sending a clear and unambiguous message to the world, again, that Srebrenica was a genocide. 
We must hold those to account who 
committed these atrocities. At least two of the major perpetrators, hope-fully, will soon get justice, one at the end of this year and Mladic probably by 2017. The wheels of justice do turn slowly, but they are jailed right now. Above all, I think we need to pray for the victims. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to pray for the 
loved ones who continue to suffer un-speakable agony. I do hope the Amer-ican people and all of us in the House and in this town will—especially as this remembrance comes around begin-ning on July 11—keep these people who have suffered so much in our prayers. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 310, expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives regarding Srebrenica. As a co- chair of the Congressional Caucus on Bosnia, I believe it is crucial to distinguish the Srebrenica massacres as genocide while hon-oring the thousands of innocent people who were killed in July twenty years ago. In the early 1990s, following Bosnia and 
Herzegovina’s declaration of national sov-ereignty, Bosnian Serb forces attacked East-ern Bosnia in order to unify and secure Serb territory. During this struggle for control, those Bosnian Serb forces, also called the Army of Republika Srpska committed crimes of ethnic cleansing of the non-Serb population. Approxi-mately 8,000 Bosnian men and boys were systematically executed in 1995. 
The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
during this time was a failure on behalf of the international community. In 1999, UN Sec-retary-General Kofi Annan acknowledged that the global community needed to accept re-sponsibility for the ethnic cleansing campaign in Bosnia and Herzegovina that killed thou-sands of unarmed civilians in a town des-ignated as a ‘‘safe area.’’ 
For many years now, I have called on the 
United Nations to recognize Srebrenica as a genocide. Yesterday, I learned that Russia blocked the latest effort by the United King-dom to recognize the Srebrenica massacres as a genocide, calling it ‘‘not constructive, confrontational, and politically-motivated.’’ I am disappointed that the UN is unable to formally recognize Europe’s worst atrocity since World War II. 
Although the global community cannot and 
will not distinguish Srebrenica as genocide, I applaud my fellow Bosnia Caucus co-chair, Congressman C
HRIS SMITH, for introducing 
this important resolution. While the UN’s hands are tied, I am proud that the United States continues to be Bosnia and Herzegovina’s greatest friend and ally. I urge my colleagues to support Bosnia and Herzegovina by voting in favor of this resolu-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ALKER ). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) that the House 
suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution, H. Res. 310. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
Will the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. 
Y
ODER ) kindly take the chair. 
b1624 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the 
further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform par-ents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
ODER (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Friday, February 27, 2015, a request for a re-corded vote on amendment No. 44 printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 offered by the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT) had been postponed. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 347, it 
shall be in order to consider the further amendments printed in part A of House Report 114–192 as if such amendments had been printed in part B of House Re-port 114–29. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . ROKITA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 45 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, lines 4, 7, 16, 20, and 24, strike 
‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘2019’’. 
Page 6, lines 4, 10, 16, 21, and 25, strike 
‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘2019’’. 
Page 7, line 4, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2019’’. 
Page 94, line 18, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2019’’. 
Page 450, line 19 and 23, strike ‘‘2021’’ and 
insert ‘‘2019’’. 
Page 461, line 17, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2019’’. 
Page 484, line 11, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2019’’. 
Page 619, line 7, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2019’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment is simple. It shortens au-thorization of the act from 6 years to 4 years. I am very thankful for the lead-ership of the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) for his work in 
leading this effort. 
Mr. Chairman, it is the role of Con-
gress to conduct oversight of Federal programs and regularly revisit the re-sults of taxpayer investments. We began a process to replace No Child Left Behind 4 years ago, and our goal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.080 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4909 July 8, 2015 
from the beginning has always been to 
roll back the Federal Government’s au-thority over K–12 schools and return to State and local education leaders the responsibility and opportunity to de-liver a quality education to their stu-dents. 
Now, the Student Success Act is a 
strong conservative proposal that re-flects our shared principles for reduc-ing the Federal role, restoring local control, and empowering individuals, not government bureaucrats. Reducing the authorization to 4 years will give Congress and the next administration a chance to ensure that these bold re-forms are actually working as in-tended. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-
leagues to support this commonsense amendment to the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Colorado is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I had the 
opportunity to serve on our State Board of Education in Colorado from 2001 to 2007, so this was during the im-plementation phase of No Child Left Behind. 
Now, we knew at the time many of 
the flaws we are hoping to address through ESEA reauthorization today, but it took several years just to get up to the point where we had the tests, we had the standards, and we complied with it. 
Education is a major public enter-
prise. In fact, it is the largest public 
enterprise at the State and local level. One of the frustrations that I have heard a lot of in the last few years— and it has really amplified the frustra-tion about testing—is the fact that the ball has been moving, the testing has been changed. 
My State of Colorado, which is fairly 
typical, moved from one test, the CSAP, to a temporary test, the TCAP, and then finally a third test, all in a period of 4 years. 
What we need to do—and this is 
something that we will hear from edu-cation stakeholders as varied as teach-ers, school boards, and principals—is stop moving the ball. 
We know it is not going to be perfect. 
Let’s give it a little bit of time to work. Now, this bill is far from perfect, which is why I oppose the underlying bill; but whatever set of rules you set in place, I feel it is important to allow the rulemaking, the State laws, to catch up, which takes a period of time, a period of years. 
I think the longer reauthorization, 
through 2021, rather than reducing it to 4 years, is absolutely in the interests of ensuring that whatever law we come up with can be implemented more effec-tively at the State and local level. 
Not only is it frustrating for districts 
and teachers to chase a constantly moving ball, it detracts from their most important effort, which is to edu-cate the next generation of Americans. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Min-nesota, Chairman K
LINE, the chairman 
of the full Education and Workforce Committee. He has been a leader in the area of working on these issues for a lot more than 4 years. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to take 
literally a few seconds to say I under-stand the gentleman’s purpose here. I think this improves the bill. 
I support the amendment, and I urge 
my colleagues to vote for it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), 
the ranking member. 
b1630 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in support of the amend-ment. 
As the gentleman from Colorado has 
indicated, if you have a good bill, you should have as long an authorization as possible. It allows for better planning and the other things he mentioned. 
But this is a bad bill. The funding 
formula takes from the poor and gives to the rich. It eliminates the responsi-bility to actually do something about the achievement gaps. I just believe the quicker we can get back to it, the better. So if you want to shorten the authorization so that the pain inflicted on this bill is shorter, I am for it. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for supporting the amendment. The reasons he is sup-porting are completely wrong. We have increased Federal spending, as the gen-tleman knows, on education over 300 percent since the Federal Government has been involved. And guess what, Mr. Chairman, the results have been flat- lined. 
This bill does anything but take from 
the poor and give to the rich. In fact, it ensures that civil rights are protected and that children, whatever socio-economic background, aren’t left be-hind, but they have the opportunity to succeed in the 21st century and win. 
Mr. Chairman, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana has 3
1⁄4minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. ROKITA. I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ), who is new 
to this Congress but is already making this mark. He has coauthored this amendment with me. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, 
well, one of the many reasons that this is a good bill is that it recognizes that the Federal Government is taking too much control over education in this country. 
One of the reasons the Federal Gov-
ernment should not get involved in many, many things is they are not very nimble. When they make a mistake, rather than turning something 
around—you know, if a school board makes a mistake, they may come back in a meeting 2 weeks later and undo the mistake they made. When the Fed-eral Government makes a mistake, it can take 15 or 20 years, if ever, to admit they made a mistake. 
Now, when the original No Child Left 
Behind bill passed, I used to meet with school superintendents a couple times a month. They knew within months that that bill was horribly flawed. 
Chairman K
LINE has worked very 
hard on this bill. It is a very good bill, but it is still a very big, complicated bill. And I am sure within months, years, a couple of years, local super-intendents will report changes they want to have made. 
I think this is a very good amend-
ment because, even though it doesn’t assure us that we are going to revisit this in 4 years any more than the origi-nal No Child Left Behind we were sure we were going to revisit in 7 years, I think it reminds Congress that at least in a 4-year period you ought to be look-ing at it, see what your local super-intendents think, see what your local schoolteachers think, and see if it can be improved. And, of course, it is going to be able to be improved in 4 years. So that is the reason for the amendment. 
I mean, if you told anybody back 
home we are passing a law and we don’t anticipate even looking at it again for 4 years, I think they would think that is highly unusual. That defines one of the reasons why we shouldn’t get the Federal Government involved in a wide variety of things. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, of course 
you can look at a bill during its period of initial authorization. There are rou-tinely cleanup bills that move through this body. 
And I wish—I wish—the No Child Left 
Behind had a cleanup bill in 2002 or in 2003 or in 2004, all during its initial pe-riod of authorization, but President Bush closed the doors on even the changes that I think that we could have had broad consensus that we needed to pass. 
But of course whatever comes out of 
this ESEA process, if we can agree on cleanup things and unintended con-sequences 2 years, 3 years out, let’s do them. 
Look, the answer is not to move the 
ball. It leads to the spinning of the wheels for a period of years. And rather than working on educating kids, people are working on complying with an ever-changing matrix of Federal, State, and local law. 
There is a lot that happens after we 
pass a law in this body. It goes to Fed-eral rulemaking, input from various constituencies, final rules. It goes to States who might change their poli-cies, State Boards of Education, State commissioners. It goes down to dis-tricts, busy superintendents who are worried about bus schedules, who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.082 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4910 July 8, 2015 
worried about opening new schools, 
have to worry about recommending to their boards the new policies that will comply with our new Federal law. 
It takes a lot of time. It might take 
2 years, 3 years before it finally reaches those policy implementation levels on the ground at a local level. And guess what, if this amendment becomes law and the authorization period is only 4 years, they might finally—finally— start complying with this law only to find that there is a future Congress, a future President that moves the ball once again and starts the whole cycle of spinning wheels all over again. 
We need to make sure that whatever 
we do in this body, that we give time for a thoughtful implementation of it at the State and local level that doesn’t detract from the core mission that the men and women who teach in our classrooms, the men and women who volunteer on school boards, the professionals who serve as superintend-ents commit their lives to in terms of educating kids. 
So we need to move forward with a 
longer reauthorization. If there are cleanup matters that we can agree on during that authorization period, we should by no means preclude them from the discussion until the end of this authorization. That was one of the problems with No Child Left Behind, that this body never had a follow-up discussion. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I offer 
an amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 580, line 24, strike the closing 
quotation mark and second period. 
Page 580, after line 24, insert the following: 
‘‘PART G—A PLUS ACT 
‘‘SECTION 6701. SHORT TITLE; PURPOSE; DEFINI-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) S HORT TITLE.—This part may be cited 
as the ‘‘Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Success Act’’ or the ‘A PLUS Act’. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of this part 
are as follows: 
‘‘(1) To give States and local communities 
added flexibility to determine how to im-prove academic achievement and implement education reforms. 
‘‘(2) To reduce the administrative costs and 
compliance burden of Federal education pro-grams in order to focus Federal resources on improving academic achievement. 
‘‘(3) To ensure that States and commu-
nities are accountable to the public for ad-vancing the academic achievement of all stu-dents, especially disadvantaged children. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) A CCOUNTABILITY .—The term ‘account-
ability’ means that public schools are an-swerable to parents and other taxpayers for 
the use of public funds and shall report stu-dent progress to parents and taxpayers regu-larly. 
‘‘(2) D
ECLARATION OF INTENT .—The term 
‘declaration of intent’ means a decision by a State, as determined by State Authorizing Officials or by referendum, to assume full management responsibility for the expendi-ture of Federal funds for certain eligible pro-grams for the purpose of advancing, on a more comprehensive and effective basis, the educational policy of such State. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 1122(e). 
‘‘(4) S TATE AUTHORIZING OFFICIALS .—The 
term ‘State Authorizing Officials’ means the State officials who shall authorize the sub-mission of a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, on behalf of the State. Such officials shall include not less than 2 of the following: 
‘‘(A) The governor of the State. ‘‘(B) The highest elected education official 
of the State, if any. 
‘‘(C) The legislature of the State. ‘‘(5) S
TATE DESIGNATED OFFICER .—The term 
‘State Designated Officer’ means the person designated by the State Authorizing Officials to submit to the Secretary, on behalf of the State, a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, and to function as the point-of-contact for the State for the Sec-retary and others relating to any respon-sibilities arising under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 6702. DECLARATION OF INTENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State is authorized 
to submit to the Secretary a declaration of intent permitting the State to receive Fed-eral funds on a consolidated basis to manage the expenditure of such funds to advance the educational policy of the State. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAMS ELIGIBLE FOR CONSOLIDA -
TION AND PERMISSIBLE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) S COPE.—A State may choose to include 
within the scope of the State’s declaration of intent any program for which Congress makes funds available to the State if the program is for a purpose described in this Act. A State may not include any program funded pursuant to the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Funds made available 
to a State pursuant to a declaration of in-tent under this part shall be used for any educational purpose permitted by State law of the State submitting a declaration of in-tent. 
‘‘(3) R
EMOVAL OF FISCAL AND ACCOUNTING  
BARRIERS .—Each State educational agency 
that operates under a declaration of intent under this part shall modify or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers that prevent local educational agencies and schools from easily consolidating funds from other Federal, State, and local sources in order to improve educational opportunities and reduce unnecessary fiscal and account-ing requirements. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS OF DECLARATION .—Each dec-
laration of intent shall contain— 
‘‘(1) a list of eligible programs that are 
subject to the declaration of intent; 
‘‘(2) an assurance that the submission of 
the declaration of intent has been authorized by the State Authorizing Officials, speci-fying the identity of the State Designated Officer; 
‘‘(3) the duration of the declaration of in-
tent; 
‘‘(4) an assurance that the State will use 
fiscal control and fund accounting proce-dures; 
‘‘(5) an assurance that the State will meet 
the requirements of applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the declaration of intent and in consolidating and using the 
funds under the declaration of intent; 
‘‘(6) an assurance that in implementing the 
declaration of intent the State will seek to advance educational opportunities for the disadvantaged; 
‘‘(7) a description of the plan for maintain-
ing direct accountability to parents and other citizens of the State; and 
‘‘(8) an assurance that in implementing the 
declaration of intent, the State will seek to use Federal funds to supplement, rather than supplant, State education funding. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION .—The duration of the dec-
laration of intent shall not exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(e) R EVIEW AND RECOGNITION BY THE SEC-
RETARY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
view the declaration of intent received from the State Designated Officer not more than 60 days after the date of receipt of such dec-laration, and shall recognize such declara-tion of intent unless the declaration of in-tent fails to meet the requirements under subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) R
ECOGNITION BY OPERATION OF LAW .—If 
the Secretary fails to take action within the time specified in paragraph (1), the declara-tion of intent, as submitted, shall be deemed to be approved. 
‘‘(f) A
MENDMENT TO DECLARATION OF IN-
TENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The State Authorizing 
Officials may direct the State Designated Of-ficer to submit amendments to a declaration of intent that is in effect. Such amendments shall be submitted to the Secretary and con-sidered by the Secretary in accordance with subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) A
MENDMENTS AUTHORIZED .—A declara-
tion of intent that is in effect may be amend-ed to— 
‘‘(A) expand the scope of such declaration 
of intent to encompass additional eligible programs; 
‘‘(B) reduce the scope of such declaration 
of intent by excluding coverage of a Federal program included in the original declaration of intent; 
‘‘(C) modify the duration of such declara-
tion of intent; or 
‘‘(D) achieve such other modifications as 
the State Authorizing Officials deem appro-priate. 
‘‘(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
shall specify an effective date. Such effective date shall provide adequate time to assure full compliance with Federal program re-quirements relating to an eligible program that has been removed from the coverage of the declaration of intent by the proposed amendment. 
‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF PROGRAM FUNDS WITH -
DRAWN FROM DECLARATION OF INTENT .—Begin-
ning on the effective date of an amendment executed under paragraph (2)(B), each pro-gram requirement of each program removed from the declaration of intent shall apply to the State’s use of funds made available under the program. 
‘‘SEC. 6703. TRANSPARENCY FOR RESULTS OF 
PUBLIC EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State operating 
under a declaration of intent under this part shall inform parents and the general public regarding the student achievement assess-ment system, demonstrating student progress relative to the State’s determina-tion of student proficiency, as described in paragraph (2), for the purpose of public ac-countability to parents and taxpayers. 
‘‘(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .—The State 
shall determine and establish an account-ability system to ensure accountability under this part. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STUDENT PROGRESS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the effective date of the declaration of intent, and annually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.083 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4911 July 8, 2015 
thereafter, a State shall disseminate widely 
to parents and the general public a report that describes student progress. The report shall include— 
‘‘(1) student performance data 
disaggregated in the same manner as data are disaggregated under section 1111(b)(3)(A); and 
‘‘(2) a description of how the State has 
used Federal funds to improve academic achievement, reduce achievement disparities between various student groups, and improve educational opportunities for the disadvan-taged. 
‘‘SEC. 6704. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), the amount that a State with a declaration of intent may expend for ad-ministrative expenses shall be limited to 1 percent of the aggregate amount of Federal funds made available to the State through the eligible programs included within the scope of such declaration of intent. 
‘‘(b) S
TATES NOTCONSOLIDATING FUNDS  
UNDER PA R TAO F TITLE I.—If the declaration 
of intent does not include within its scope part A of title I, the amount spent by the State on administrative expenses shall be limited to 3 percent of the aggregate amount of Federal funds made available to the State pursuant to such declaration of intent. 
‘‘SEC. 6705. EQUITABLE PARTICIPATION OF PRI-
VATE SCHOOLS. 
‘‘Each State consolidating and using funds 
pursuant to a declaration of intent under this part shall provide for the participation of private school children and teachers in the activities assisted under the declaration of intent in the same manner as participation is provided to private school children and teachers under section 9501.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I am 
introducing the Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Success, or the A-PLUS, Act. 
When most of us come to Wash-
ington, one of the promises or one of the things that we try and do best is to return as much power or, should I say, decisionmaking back to the States and back to the people. 
I believe the A-PLUS Act does that. 
It allows the States to opt out of as many as 80 different Federal programs, returning that opportunity. Some may say that No Child Left Behind, that it allows the opt out, and it does; but what it doesn’t do, it doesn’t allow the States to opt out of the mandates and still keep their Federal funding. That is why we believe this is a crucial amendment. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ), my distinguished friend. 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my friend from North Carolina. 
I am happy to cosponsor this amend-
ment. I think of this amendment in terms of Common Core because we have had a lot of controversy over Common Core. A lot of parents are upset about it, and they say: Look, this was the Federal Government getting involved in education, and people sup-port it. Congress said: Wait a minute. The 
Federal Government never mandated Common Core. That never happened. 
And, you know, that is true. But what did happen was the Federal 
Government had a huge amount of money under President Obama’s race to the top, and they said: Hey, States— and this is during the recession and States needed the money—here is some money, but you have got to do what we want you to do. 
And so they conditioned that funding 
and really coerced a lot of States into adopting something like Common Core. 
And so I think what the A-PLUS does 
is it says: Okay. The Federal Govern-ment has gotten involved in K–12 edu-cation. I don’t think it has been very successful from the very beginning, but if you are going to be providing money, at least give the State the ability to take that money and use it as they see fit to try and innovate and to try to do things that will improve the academic performance of their kids. But don’t condition the funding on following spe-cific formulas that Washington knows best. 
I think this really empowers States. 
I think this is something that will em-power local communities and, I think, ultimately will be better off as a mat-ter of K–12 education. So I thank my friend from North Carolina for offering it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The amendment would literally let 
States just take the money and run with no assurance that the billions of Federal dollars actually benefit the populations of students that ESEA was intended to serve: low-income, minor-ity students who do not speak English, students with disabilities. 
The original purpose of ESEA was to 
address the special educational needs of children of low-income families and the impact that concentrations of low- income families have on the ability of local educational agencies to support adequate educational programs. 
Subsequently, we added a require-
ment that you identify and address achievement gaps. That is the purpose of the law. If you just opt out and take it as a block grant, you don’t have to address the problems that the money is designed to cure. 
The underlying bill violates the 
original purpose of the original ESEA, and this amendment just makes it worse. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I re-
quest how much time is remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from North Carolina has 2
3⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, who 
better to address these problems than parents, States, and local school 
boards. 
Let’s talk about specifically what the 
A-PLUS Act does. 
One, it restores education decision-
making to State and local leaders who are better positioned to make informed decisions about the needs of their local school communities. It allows States to consolidate funding for any and all programs that are authorized under the ESEA, and it also reduces bureaucracy and increases transparency of student outcomes by redirecting accountability to parents and taxpayers, not Wash-ington. 
Fundamentally, I believe that gov-
ernment is more accountable, almost always, the more local, and it becomes more effective. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, there is a 
great potential for cooperation be-tween Democrats and Republicans, as has historically been, with regard to education; and that lies in, of course, enhancing flexibility in freeing teach-ers and principals and districts from some of the bureaucratic constraints that they have that distract from their ability to maximize education. 
But along with that increased flexi-
bility needs to come accountability; otherwise, we wind up with the worst of both worlds. And just like No Child Left Behind erred too far in the direc-tion of not enough flexibility with too much in the wrong kind of account-ability, so, too, must we be careful not to err in the direction of too much flexibility without accountability. 
It is important to make sure that as 
we increase the ways and the manner that States and districts have to free up local innovation at the classroom level, at the school level, at the dis-trict level, we need to make sure and reiterate what our goals are here. 
How do we make sure that all stu-
dents are learning? How do we make sure that schools are serving students with disabilities under IDEA? How do we make sure that districts and States are committed to closing the achieve-ment gap between students of color and White students, even in local jurisdic-tions that might not have that polit-ical will intrinsically? That is the Fed-eral promise. That is the promise and the reason behind ESEA and our efforts to improve education across these United States. 
To turn it over to the States effec-
tively makes the referee a player on the field. We need to have an objective look. The same people who are con-cerned with deciding exactly how mon-eys are spent cannot objectively weigh whether it is working or whether it is not. That is just human nature. 
We need to make sure that if States 
have additional flexibility in grants— something I think that we can cer-tainly work together on—if they have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.032 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4912 July 8, 2015 
that flexibility, we need to make sure 
there is an objective standard under which what they are doing with that flexibility is determined to work or not to work. And if it doesn’t work, we need to encourage those States to move in a different direction. If it does work, we can increase our efforts to support them. 
So again, there is a general premise 
here that can be worked on, but the un-derlying amendment would be ex-tremely detrimental to public edu-cation. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, how much time do I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from North Carolina yielded back the balance of his time. Did the gentleman intend to reserve? 
Mr. WALKER. Yes. The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman ask for unanimous consent to reclaim his 2 minutes of time? 
Mr. WALKER. He yielded back 2 min-
utes to me. Is that correct? 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman ask for unanimous consent? 
Mr. WALKER. Yes. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from North Caro-lina may reclaim his 2 minutes of time. 
There was no objection. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, a point of 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, to be 
clear, the gentleman was not yielded time from the gentleman from Vir-ginia. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
correct. 
Mr. POLIS. The gentleman was 
granted his own time, which erro-neously he had yielded back to the Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Colorado is correct. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from North Carolina has 2 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, a lot of 
this is talk. And with due respect to my friend from Colorado, I hear the point. But I would say a lot of that is we are hearing ‘‘we, we this, we this, we the Federal, we this.’’ It really should be ‘‘we the people at the State,’’ ‘‘we the people at the local level.’’ 
It is important that we get some of 
the power that we like to monger up here among us in this House to return it back to the States, to return it back to the individual school boards. 
b1645 
Who best knows to make these deci-
sions other than these parents and these school boards? We talk about ac-
countability. As Dr. Phil would say, ‘‘How has that been working for us the last 40 years?’’ 
We need to get the accountability 
back to where it goes, where it should have been from the very beginning, and that is to the State level and to the local people, to the parents and the school boards. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, the ESEA passed in 1965 because States and localities were not equi-tably funding the schools. The ESEA required the money to be spent pri-marily in the areas with a concentra-tion of low-income families. If this amendment passes, we can reasonably assume that they will go back to the way they were doing it. 
This makes a bad bill even worse. So 
I would hope that we would defeat the amendment and keep the requirement that the States, in using the money, address the fiscal inequalities and achievement gaps. 
With this amendment, there are no 
requirements that they do anything, and we can reasonably assume that they would go back to doing the things they were doing to begin with before the ESEA passed. I would hope we would defeat this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . SALMON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 47 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 31, line 3, strike ‘‘(3)(B)(ii)(II)’’ and 
insert ‘‘(3)(B)(ii)(II), except that States shall allow the parent of a student to opt such stu-dent out of the assessments required under this paragraph for any reason and shall not include such students in calculating the par-ticipation rate under this clause’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
ALMON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chairman, I first 
want to thank Chairman K
LINE and 
Representative R OKITA of the House Committee on Education and the 
Workforce for working with me on this important amendment, which is to en-sure that parents have more authority and power over their children’s edu-cations. 
My amendment is very, very simple. 
It would allow any parent to opt his child out of high-stakes testing, and it would protect schools from being pun-ished by the Federal Department of Education if parents opted to take their children out of these tests. 
Since the 2001 reauthorization of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act, called No Child Left Behind, the Federal Government has placed in-creasing importance on academic as-sessments in K–12 education. 
Assessments are important and even 
necessary to understand and measure a child’s academic progress. However, academic assessments have become an overutilized metric to evaluate every-thing from the quality of a teacher to the strength of a particular program. 
Because of this frenzied obsession 
with high-stakes testing, more and more time is being usurped from actual classroom learning. It was reported that the testing for a student in the 
11th grade could take up to 27 days, a total of 15 percent of the entire school year, and a lot of the teachers com-plain about having to teach to the test. In fact, I think that is why the NEA has come out in support of this amend-ment. 
Parents are becoming increasingly 
fed up with such constant and onerous testing requirements, and so are the teachers. While some States currently allow parents to opt their students out of assessments, there exists a simulta-neous obligation on schools of a 95 per-cent participation rate in school as-sessments. 
If schools don’t meet these require-
ments, they risk enforcement measures from the Department of Education, which, at worst, could include losing access to Federal funding. These fac-tors create a strange environment of conflicting interests for students, par-ents, and schools. 
My amendment would ease a school’s 
fear of penalties by directing that opted-out students not be counted among the 95 percent participation re-quirement while giving parents due power over their children’s educations. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this important amendment, which returns the power back to where it should be, with the parents. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, it is one thing to keep a light on problems like achievement gaps, as the underlying bill does, but it kind of sweeps everything under the rug. 
Before the participation threshold of 
95 percent, only one State actually as-sessed 95 percent of students with dis-abilities, and it was not unusual for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.085 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4913 July 8, 2015 
low-achieving students to suddenly 
have field trips on testing day. If you are not measuring the achievement gap, you can’t deal with the achieve-ment gap. 
We need to make sure that enough 
students test, which is 95 percent, so that we can actually identify the achievement gaps and do something about it. Parents do have the right to opt out, but when the dust settles, at least 95 percent will have had to have 
taken the test. 
We have situations now in which, if 
you eliminate that requirement, school systems can encourage people not to show up on testing day. They can have field trips on testing day and can ma-nipulate the data so that, if only half of the students are taking the test and if you make sure that it is the good students who are taking the test, your scores all of a sudden will go up. 
The requirement that 95 percent get 
tested means you have meaningful data so that you can find out what the prob-lem is, and then you can deal with it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. K
LINE), the chairman of 
the full committee. 
Mr. KLINE. I thank the gentleman 
for offering this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman is ex-
pressing a concern here of parents, not of schoolteachers and principals who want to put together field trips. There is a great deal of anxiety on the part of some parents, and this is giving them some power. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I thank the ranking 
member. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
the underlying legislation and to the Salmon amendment. 
Once again, we are considering legis-
lation that does nothing to improve eq-uity in our public education system, assuring and ensuring that resources are focused on student populations that have been historically marginalized, primarily children of color, English language learners, chil-dren with disabilities, and poor kids. The lessons from No Child Left Behind are plentiful, some good that need im-provement and some that need to be eliminated from a reauthorization. 
This amendment, along with the un-
derlying legislation, continues to dis-mantle and remove the ESEA’s signifi-cant mission, to deal with the issue of poverty in this country, marginalized communities, and kids who are not achieving. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to 
oppose H.R. 5 and this amendment. The current bill fails to provide all of our communities with equitable edu-cations. 
Portability eliminates a mainte-
nance of effort, block grants don’t ad-dress charter school accountability, 
and it eliminates provisions to protect English learners in this country. With this amendment, we eliminate the Na-tion’s responsibility to be accountable and to ensure that all children get an education. 
I am astounded by the historical am-
nesia that goes on when we have these discussions. The ESEA was formed for a purpose: to improve and to create eq-uity and opportunity for children who didn’t have it. 
We have not reached a stage in this 
country when we can say that States can take care of this. We can go back to those vestiges, as the ranking mem-ber said, in which there was no equal-ity, there was no opportunity, and tell the States, ‘‘You can do what you want with this Federal money. And, by dis-cretion, if you don’t educate all of your children, that is okay. And if, by dis-cretion, we can’t hold anybody ac-countable for his lack of education, that is okay.’’ 
That is the message we are going 
back to, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chairman, I take 
serious umbrage with the arrogance that purveys this city in that we are the font of all knowledge. In fact, I lov-ingly joke with my constituents when I go back and say, ‘‘I am from Wash-ington, D.C., and I am here to help you.’’ It always draws a loud amount of laughter because everybody knows that that is not the way things really are. 
If we can’t trust our parents, who 
have the biggest vested interest in whether or not their children succeed in education, if we can’t trust the teachers, if we can’t trust the local school boards, whose members also have to run for election, then we might as well just fold up and go home. 
I have a lot more confidence in par-
ents, in teachers, in our local school boards, than I do in some nameless, faceless bureaucrat here in Wash-ington, D.C. I say we put the power back where it should be: in the hands of parents and teachers and local school boards. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, how much time do I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. I thank the ranking 
member. 
Mr. Chairman, one parent recently 
wrote me that she prefers that students with special needs be required to take tests. In her words, ‘‘The tests gave us the data we needed to see where my son needed additional support.’’ 
I rise in opposition to Mr. S
ALMON ’s 
amendment. 
Before No Child Left Behind was 
passed, schools across the country would systemically excluded students from tests in an effort to inflate a school’s overall performance and sweep deficiencies and discrimination under 
the rug. 
This amendment, which would allow 
students to opt out of tests and allow those students to be omitted from the testing threshold, would make it easier to, once again, exclude historically marginalized students from account-ability systems. 
There would be almost no way of 
knowing which students truly opted out, which were pushed out, and which students stayed at home at their schools’ suggestion or traveled on an optional field trip. 
In my home State of Colorado, a 
similar provision was brought up in the State legislature, and over 400 business and community leaders strongly pub-licly opposed the bill and succeeded in defeating it. 
In order to close achievement gaps, 
we need data on every student, regard-less of race, background, or disability. This kind of policy allows the very data we need the most on the most needy kids to be swept under the rug. 
For that reason, I strongly urge a 
‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
If this amendment passes, school sys-
tems will have an incentive to address achievement gaps not by the hard work that it takes to close the achievement gaps, but by just manipulating the data. That is wrong, and this amend-ment ought to be defeated. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. S
ALMON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 48 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 112 and insert the following: 
SEC. 112. STATE PLANS. 
Section 1111 (20 U.S.C. 6311) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1111. STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any State desiring 
to receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall submit to the Sec-retary a plan, developed by the State edu-cational agency, in consultation with rep-resentatives of local educational agencies, teachers, school leaders, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, early childhood education providers, parents, community or-ganizations, communities representing un-derserved populations, and Indian tribes, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.089 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4914 July 8, 2015 
that satisfies the requirements of this sec-
tion, and that is coordinated with other pro-grams of this Act, the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Head Start Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED PLAN .—A State plan 
submitted under paragraph (1) may be sub-mitted as a part of a consolidated plan under section 9302. 
‘‘(b) C
OLLEGE AND CAREER READY CONTENT  
STANDARDS , ASSESSMENTS , ANDACHIEVEMENT  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
plan shall include evidence that the State’s college and career ready content standards, assessments, and achievement standards under this subsection are— 
‘‘(A) vertically aligned from kindergarten 
through grade 12; and 
‘‘(B) developed and implemented to ensure 
that proficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is on-track to graduate prepared for— 
‘‘(i) according to written affirmation from 
the State’s public institutions of higher edu-cation, placement in credit-bearing, non-remedial courses at the 2-and 4-year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) success on relevant State career and 
technical education standards. 
‘‘(2) C
OLLEGE AND CAREER READY CONTENT  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that, not later than the 2015– 2016 school year the State educational agen-cy will adopt and implement high-quality, college and career ready content standards that comply with this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) S
UBJECTS .—The State educational 
agency shall have such high-quality, aca-demic content standards for students in kin-dergarten through grade 12 for, at a min-imum, English language arts, math, and science. 
‘‘(C) E
LEMENTS .—College and career ready 
content standards under this paragraph shall— 
‘‘(i) be developed through participation in 
a State-led process that engages— 
‘‘(I) kindergarten through-grade-12 edu-
cation experts (including teachers and edu-cational leaders); and 
‘‘(II) representatives of institutions of 
higher education, the business community, and the early learning community; 
‘‘(ii) be rigorous, internationally 
benchmarked, and evidence-based, requiring students to demonstrate the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
‘‘(iii) be either— ‘‘(I) validated, including through written 
affirmation from the State’s public institu-tions of higher education, to ensure that pro-ficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is on-track to graduate pre-pared for— 
‘‘(aa) placement in credit-bearing, non-
remedial courses at the 2-and 4-year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
‘‘(bb) success on relevant State career and 
technical education standards; or 
‘‘(II) State-developed and voluntarily 
adopted by a significant number of States; 
‘‘(iv) for standards from kindergarten 
through grade 3, reflect progression in how children develop and learn the requisite skills and content from earlier grades (in-cluding preschool) to later grades; and 
‘‘(v) apply to all schools and students in 
the State. 
‘‘(D) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY  
STANDARDS .—Each State educational agency shall develop and implement statewide, high- 
quality English language proficiency stand-ards that— 
‘‘(i) are aligned with the State’s academic 
content standards; 
‘‘(ii) reflect the academic language that is 
required for success on the State educational agency’s academic content assessments; 
‘‘(iii) predict success on the applicable 
grade level English language arts content as-sessment; 
‘‘(iv) ensure proficiency in each of the do-
mains of speaking, listening, reading, and writing in the appropriate amount of time; and 
‘‘(v) address the different proficiency levels 
of English learners. 
‘‘(E) E
ARLY LEARNING STANDARDS .—The 
State educational agency shall, in collabora-tion with the State agencies responsible for overseeing early care and education pro-
grams and the State early care and edu-cation advisory council, develop and imple-ment early learning standards across all major domains of development for pre-schoolers that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrate alignment with the State 
academic content standards; 
‘‘(ii) are implemented through dissemina-
tion, training, and other means to applicable early care and education programs; 
‘‘(iii) reflect research and evidence-based 
developmental and learning expectations; 
‘‘(iv) inform teaching practices and profes-
sional development and services; and 
‘‘(v) for preschool age children, appro-
priately assist in the transition to kinder-garten. 
‘‘(F) A
SSURANCE .—Each State plan shall in-
clude an assurance that the State has imple-mented the same content standards for all students in the same grade and does not have a policy of using different content standards for any student subgroup. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-QUALITY ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that the State educational agency will adopt and implement high-qual-ity assessments in English language arts, math, and science not later than the 2016– 2017 school year that comply with this para-graph. 
‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—Such assessments shall— 
‘‘(i) be valid, reliable, appropriate, and of 
adequate technical quality for each purpose required under this Act, and be consistent with relevant, nationally recognized profes-sional and technical standards; 
‘‘(ii) measure the knowledge and skills nec-
essary to demonstrate proficiency in the aca-demic content standards under paragraph (2) for the grade in which the student is en-rolled; 
‘‘(iii) be developed as part of a system of 
assessments providing data (including indi-vidual student achievement data and indi-vidual student growth data), that shall be used to improve teaching, learning, and pro-gram outcomes; 
‘‘(iv) be used in determining the perform-
ance of each local educational agency and school in the State in accordance with the State’s accountability system under sub-section (c); 
‘‘(v) provide an accurate measure of— ‘‘(I) student achievement at all levels of 
student performance; and 
‘‘(II) student academic growth; ‘‘(vi) allow for complex demonstrations or 
applications of knowledge and skills includ-ing the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
‘‘(vii) be accessible for all students, includ-
ing students with disabilities and English learners, by— 
‘‘(I) incorporating principles of universal 
design as defined by section 3(a) of the As-sistive Technology Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 
3002(a)); and 
‘‘(II) being interoperable when using any 
digital assessment, such as computer-based and online assessments; 
‘‘(viii) provide for accommodations, includ-
ing for computer-based and online assess-ments, for students with disabilities and English learners to provide a valid and reli-able measure of such students’ achievement; 
‘‘(ix) produce individual student interpre-
tive, descriptive, and diagnostic reports that allow parents, teachers, and school leaders to understand and address the specific aca-demic needs of students, and include infor-mation regarding achievement on academic assessments, and that are provided to par-ents, teachers, and school leaders, as soon as is practicable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
‘‘(x) may be partially delivered in the form 
of portfolios, projects, or extended perform-ance tasks as long as such assessments meet the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATION .—Such assessments 
shall— 
‘‘(i) be administered to all students, includ-
ing all subgroups described in subsection (c)(3)(A), in the same grade level for each content area assessed, except as provided under subparagraph (E), through— 
‘‘(I) a single summative assessment each 
school year; or 
‘‘(II) multiple statewide assessments over 
the course of the school year that result in a single summative score that provides valid, reliable, and transparent information on stu-dent achievement for each tested content area in each grade level; 
‘‘(ii) for English language arts and math— ‘‘(I) be administered annually, at a min-
imum, for students in grade 3 through grade 8; and 
‘‘(II) be administered at least once, but not 
earlier than 11th grade for students in grades 9 through grade 12; and 
‘‘(iii) for science, be administered at least 
once during grades 3 through 5, grades 6 through 8, and grades 9 through 12. 
‘‘(D) N
ATIVE LANGUAGE ASSESSMENTS .— 
Each State educational agency with at least 10,000 English learners, at least 25 percent of which speak the same language that is not English, shall adopt and implement native language assessments for that language con-sistent with State law. Such assessments shall be for students— 
‘‘(i) for whom the academic assessment in 
the student’s native language would likely 
yield more accurate and reliable information about such student’s content knowledge; 
‘‘(ii) who are literate in the native lan-
guage and have received formal education in such language; or 
‘‘(iii) who are enrolled in a bilingual or 
dual language program and the native lan-guage assessment is consistent with such program’s language of instruction. 
‘‘(E) A
LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS FOR STU -
DENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT COGNITIVE  
DISABILITIES .—In the case of a State edu-
cational agency that adopts alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities de-scribed in paragraph (4)(D), the State shall adopt and implement high-quality statewide alternate assessments aligned to such alter-nate achievement standards that meet the requirements of subparagraphs (B) and (C), so long as the State ensures that in the State the total number of students in each grade level assessed in each subject does not exceed the cap established under subsection (c)(3)(E)(iii)(II). 
‘‘(F) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY AS -
SESSMENTS .—Each State educational agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4915 July 8, 2015 
shall adopt and implement statewide English 
language proficiency assessments that— 
‘‘(i) are administered annually and aligned 
with the State’s English language pro-ficiency standards and academic content standards; 
‘‘(ii) are accessible, valid, and reliable; ‘‘(iii) measure proficiency in reading, lis-
tening, speaking, and writing in English both individually and collectively; 
‘‘(iv) assess progress and growth on lan-
guage and content acquisition; and 
‘‘(v) allow for the local educational agency 
to retest a student in the individual domain areas that the student did not pass, unless the student is newly entering a school in the State, or is in the third, fifth, or eighth grades. 
‘‘(G) S
PECIAL RULE WITH RESPECT TO BUREAU  
FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the assess-
ments to be used by each school operated or funded by the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Indian Education receiving funds under this part, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(i) Each such school that is accredited by 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate as-sessment as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(ii) Each such school that is accredited by 
a regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment, in con-sultation with and with the approval of, the Secretary of the Interior and consistent with assessments adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meets the re-quirements of this section. 
‘‘(iii) Each such school that is accredited 
by a tribal accrediting agency or tribal divi-sion of education shall use an assessment de-veloped by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall en-sure that such assessment meets the require-ments of this section. 
‘‘(H) A
SSURANCE .—Each State plan shall in-
clude an assurance that the State edu-cational agency will take steps to ensure that the State assessment system, which in-cludes all statewide assessments and local assessments is coordinated and streamlined to eliminate duplication of assessment pur-poses, practices, and use. 
‘‘(I) A
CCOMMODATIONS .—Each State plan 
shall— 
‘‘(i) describe the accommodations for 
English learners and students with disabil-ities on the assessments used by the State which may include accommodations such as text-to-speech technology or read aloud, 
braille, large print, calculator, speech-to- text technology or scribe, extended time, and frequent breaks; 
‘‘(ii) include evidence of the effectiveness 
of such accommodations in maintaining valid results for the appropriate population; and 
‘‘(iii) include evidence that such accom-
modations do not change the construct in-tended to be measured by the assessment or the meaning of the resulting scores. 
‘‘(J) A
DAPTIVE ASSESSMENTS .—In the case 
of a State educational agency that develops and administers computer adaptive assess-ments, such assessments shall meet the re-quirements of this paragraph, and must measure, at a minimum, each student’s aca-demic proficiency against the State’s con-tent standards as described in paragraph (2) for the grade in which the student is en-rolled. 
‘‘(4) C
OLLEGE AND CAREER READY ACHIEVE -
MENT AND GROWTH STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement college and career ready achieve-ment standards in English language arts, math, and science by the 2015–2016 school 
year that comply with this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—Such academic achieve-
ment standards shall establish at a min-imum, 3 levels of student achievement that describe how well a student is demonstrating proficiency in the State’s academic content standards that differentiate levels of per-formance to— 
‘‘(i) describe 2 levels of high achievement 
(on-target and advanced) that indicate, at a minimum, that a student is proficient in the academic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the performance on as-sessments under paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(ii) describe a third level of achievement 
(catch-up) that provides information about the progress of a student toward becoming proficient in the academic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the per-formance on assessments under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(C) V
ERTICAL ALIGNMENT .—Such achieve-
ment standards are vertically aligned to en-sure a student who achieves at the on-target or advanced levels under subparagraph (B)(i) signifies that student is on-track to graduate prepared for— 
‘‘(i) placement in credit-bearing, non-
remedial courses at the 2- and 4-year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) success on relevant State career and 
technical education standards. 
‘‘(D) A
LTERNATE ACHIEVEMENT STAND -
ARDS .—If a State educational agency adopts 
alternate achievement standards for stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities, such academic achievement standards shall establish, at a minimum, 3 levels of student achievement that describe how well a student is demonstrating pro-ficiency in the State’s academic content standards that— 
‘‘(i) are aligned to the State’s college and 
career ready content standards under para-graph (2); 
‘‘(ii) are vertically aligned to ensure that a 
student who achieves at the on-target or ad-vanced level under clause (v)(I) signifies that the student is on-track to access a postsec-ondary education or competitive integrated employment; 
‘‘(ii) reflect concepts and skills that stu-
dents should know and understand for each grade; 
‘‘(iv) are supported by evidence-based 
learning progressions to age and grade-level performance; and 
‘‘(v) establish, at a minimum— ‘‘(I) 2 levels of high achievement (on-target 
and advanced) that indicate, at a minimum, that a student with the most significant cog-nitive disabilities is proficient in the aca-demic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the performance on assess-ments under paragraph (3)(E); and 
‘‘(II) a third level of achievement (catch- 
up) that provides information about the progress of a student with the most signifi-cant cognitive disabilities toward becoming proficient in the academic content standards under paragraph (2) as measured by the per-formance on assessments under paragraph (3)(E). 
‘‘(E) S
TUDENT GROWTH STANDARDS .—Each 
State plan shall demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement student growth standards for students in the assessed grades that comply with this subparagraph, as fol-lows: 
‘‘(i) O
N-TARGET AND ADVANCED LEVELS .— 
For a student who is achieving at the on-tar-get or advanced level of achievement, the student growth standard is not less than the rate of academic growth necessary for the student to remain at that level of student achievement for not less than 3 years. ‘‘(ii) C
ATCH -UP LEVEL .—For a student who 
is achieving at the catch-up level of achieve-ment, the student growth standard is not less than the rate of academic growth nec-essary for the student to achieve an on-tar-get level of achievement within 3 or 4 years, as determined by the State. 
‘‘(F) P
ROHIBITION .—A State may not estab-
lish alternate or modified achievement standards for any subgroup of students, ex-cept as provided under subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (3) shall be construed to prescribe the use of the academic assessments estab-lished pursuant to such paragraph for stu-dent promotion or graduation purposes. 
‘‘(c) A
CCOUNTABILITY AND SCHOOL IMPROVE -
MENT SYSTEM .—The State plan shall dem-
onstrate that not later than the 2016–2017 school year, the State educational agency, in consultation with representatives of local educational agencies, teachers, school lead-ers, parents, community organizations, com-munities representing underserved popu-lations and Indian tribes, has developed a single statewide accountability and school improvement system (in this subsection known as the ‘accountability system’) that ensures all students have the knowledge and skills to successfully enter the workforce or postsecondary education without the need for remediation by complying with this sub-section as follows: 
‘‘(1) E
LEMENTS .—Each State accountability 
system shall, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) annually measure academic achieve-
ment for all students, including each sub-group described in paragraph (3)(A), in each 
public school, including each charter school, in the State, including— 
‘‘(i) student academic achievement in ac-
cordance with the academic achievement standards described in subsection (b)(4); 
‘‘(ii) student growth in accordance with 
the student growth standards described in subsection (b)(4)(E); and 
‘‘(iii) graduation rates in diploma granting 
schools; 
‘‘(B) set clear performance and growth tar-
gets in accordance with paragraph (2) to im-prove the academic achievement of all stu-dents as measured under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and to close achievement gaps so that all students graduate ready for postsecondary education and the workforce; 
‘‘(C) establish equity indicators to diag-
nose school challenges and measure school progress within the improvement system de-scribed in section 1116, including factors to measure, for all students and each subgroup described in paragraph (3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) academic learning, such as— ‘‘(I) percentage of students successfully 
completing rigorous coursework that aligns with college and career ready standards de-scribed under subsection (b)(2) such as dual enrollment, Advanced Placement (AP) or International Baccalaureate (IB) courses; 
‘‘(II) percentage of students enrolled in 
arts courses; 
‘‘(III) student success on State or local 
educational agency end-of course examina-tions; and 
‘‘(IV) student success on performance- 
based assessments that are valid, reliable and comparable across a local educational agency and meet the requirements of para-graph (3)(B); 
‘‘(ii) student engagement, such as— ‘‘(I) student attendance rates; ‘‘(II) student discipline data, including sus-
pension and expulsion rates; 
‘‘(III) incidents of bullying and harass-
ment; and 
‘‘(IV) surveys of student engagement and 
satisfaction; 
‘‘(iii) student advancement, such as— ‘‘(I) student on-time promotion rates; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4916 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(II) on-time credit accumulation rates; 
‘‘(III) course failure rates; and ‘‘(IV) post-secondary and workforce entry 
rates; 
‘‘(iv) student health and wellness; ‘‘(v) student access to instructional qual-
ity, such as— 
‘‘(I) number of qualified teachers and para-
professionals; 
‘‘(II) number of specialized instructional 
support personnel; 
‘‘(III) instructional personnel attendance, 
vacancies, and turnover; and 
‘‘(IV) rates of effective teachers and prin-
cipals, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(vi) school climate and conditions for stu-
dent success, such as— 
‘‘(I) the availability of up-to-date instruc-
tional materials, technology, and supplies; 
‘‘(II) measures of school safety; and ‘‘(III) the condition of school facilities; in-
cluding accounting for well-equipped in-structional spaces; and 
‘‘(vii) family and community engagement 
in education; 
‘‘(D) annually differentiate performance 
and condition of schools based on— 
‘‘(i) the achievement measured under sub-
paragraph (A); 
‘‘(ii) whether the school meets the per-
formance and growth targets set under para-graph (2); and 
‘‘(iii) to a lesser extent, data on the State- 
established equity indicators, as described in subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(E) identify using the differentiation de-
scribed in subparagraph (D), for the purposes under section 1116— 
‘‘(i) high priority schools that— ‘‘(I) according to the State-established pa-
rameters described in 1116(a)(2), have the lowest performance in the local educational agency and the State using current and prior year academic achievement, growth, and graduation rate data as described in subpara-graph (A) and data on the state-established equity indicators described in subparagraph (C); or 
‘‘(II) as of the date of enactment of the 
Student Success Act, have been identified under 1003(g); and 
‘‘(ii) schools in need of support that have 
not met one or more of the performance tar-gets set under paragraph (2) for any subgroup described in paragraph (3)(A) in the same grade level and subject, for two consecutive years; and 
‘‘(iii) reward schools that have— ‘‘(I) the highest performance in the State 
for all students and student subgroups de-
scribed in paragraph (3)(A); or 
‘‘(II) made the most progress over at least 
the most recent 2-year period in the State in increasing student academic achievement and graduation rates for all students and student subgroups described in paragraph (3)(A); and 
‘‘(III) made significant progress in over-
coming school challenges identified using the State-established equity indicators, as described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(2) G
OALS AND TARGETS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency shall establish goals and targets for the State accountability and school im-provement system that comply with this paragraph. Such targets shall be established separately for all elementary school and sec-ondary school students, economically dis-advantaged students, students from major racial and ethnic groups, students with dis-abilities, and English learners and expect ac-celerated academic gains from subgroups who are the farthest away from college and career-readiness as determined by annual academic achievement measures described in paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(B) A
CHIEVEMENT GOALS .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall set multi-year goals that are consistent with the academic and growth achievement standards under sub-section (b)(4) to ensure that all students graduate prepared to enter the workforce or postsecondary education without the need for remediation. 
‘‘(C) P
ERFORMANCE TARGETS .—Each State 
educational agency shall set ambitious, but achievable annual performance targets sepa-rately for each subgroup of students de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A), for local edu-cational agencies and schools, for each grade level and in English language arts and math that reflect the progress required for all stu-dents and each subgroup of students de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A) to meet the State-determined goals as required under subparagraph (B), as approved by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(D) G
ROWTH TARGETS .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall set ambitious but achievable growth targets that— 
‘‘(i) assist the State in achieving the aca-
demic achievement goals described in sub-paragraph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) include targets that ensure all stu-
dents, including subgroups of students de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A), meet the growth standards described in subsection (b)(4)(E). 
‘‘(E) G
RADUATION RATE GOALS AND TAR -
GETS .— 
‘‘(i) G RADUATION RATE GOALS .—Each State 
educational agency shall set a graduation rate goal of not less than 90 percent. 
‘‘(ii) G
RADUATION RATE TARGETS .—Each 
State educational agency shall establish graduation rate targets which shall not be less rigorous than the targets approved under section 200.19 of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or a successor regulation). 
‘‘(iii) E
XTENDED -YEAR GRADUATION RATE  
TARGETS .—In the case of a State that choos-
es to use an extended year graduation rate in the accountability and school improvement system described under this subsection, the State shall set extended year graduation rate targets that are more rigorous than the targets set under clause (ii) and, if applica-ble, are not less rigorous than the targets ap-proved under section 200.19 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regu-lation). 
‘‘(3) F
AIR ACCOUNTABILITY .—Each State 
educational agency shall establish fair and appropriate policies and practices, as a com-ponent of the accountability system estab-lished under this subsection, to measure school, local educational agency, and State performance under the accountability sys-
tem that, at a minimum, comply with this paragraph as follows: 
‘‘(A) D
ISAGGREGATE .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall disaggregate student achievement data in a manner that complies with the State’s group size requirements under subparagraph (B) for the school’s, local educational agency’s, and the State’s performance on its goals and performance targets established under paragraph (2), by each content area and each grade level for which such goals and targets are established, and, if applicable, by improvement indica-tors described in paragraph (1)(D) for each of the following groups: 
‘‘(i) All public elementary and secondary 
school students. 
‘‘(ii) Economically disadvantaged students. ‘‘(iii) Students from major racial and eth-
nic groups. 
‘‘(iv) Students with disabilities. ‘‘(v) English learners. ‘‘(B) S
UBGROUP SIZE .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall establish group size re-quirements for performance measurement and reporting under the accountability sys-tem that— ‘‘(i) is the same for all subgroups described 
in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(ii) does not exceed 15 students; ‘‘(iii) yields statistically reliable informa-
tion; and 
‘‘(iv) does not reveal personally identifi-
able information about an individual stu-dent. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTICIPATION .—Each State edu-
cational agency shall ensure that— 
‘‘(i) not less than 95 percent of the students 
in each subgroup described subparagraph (A) take the State’s assessments under sub-section (b)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) any school or local educational agen-
cy that does not comply with the require-ment described in clause (i) of this subpara-graph may not be considered to have met its goals or performance targets under para-graph (2). 
‘‘(D) A
VERAGING .—Each State educational 
agency may average achievement data with the year immediately preceding that school year for the purpose of determining whether schools, local educational agencies, and the State have met their performance targets under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(E) S
TUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT  
COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In calculating the per-
centage of students scoring at the on-target levels of achievement and the graduation rate for the purpose of determining whether schools, local educational agencies, and the State have met their performance targets under paragraph (2), a State shall include all students with disabilities, even those stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities, and— 
‘‘(I) may include the on-target and ad-
vanced scores of students with the most sig-nificant cognitive disabilities taking alter-nate assessments under subsection (b)(3)(E) provided that the number and percentage of such students who score at the on-target or advanced level on such alternate assess-ments at the local educational agency and the State levels, respectively, does not ex-ceed the cap established by the Secretary under clause (iii) in the grades assessed and subjects used under the accountability sys-tem established under this subsection; and 
‘‘(II) may include students with the most 
significant cognitive disabilities, who are as-sessed using alternate assessments described in subsection (b)(3)(E) and who receive a State-defined standards-based alternate di-ploma aligned with alternate achievement standards described in subparagraph (4)(D) and with completion of the student’s right to a free and appropriate public education under the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act, as graduating with a regular sec-ondary school diploma, provided that the number and percentage of those students who receive a State-defined standards-based alternate diploma at the local educational agency and the State levels, respectively, does not exceed the cap established by the Secretary under clause (iii). 
‘‘(ii) S
TATE REQUIREMENTS .—If the number 
and percentage of students taking alternate assessments or receiving a State-defined standards-based alternate diploma exceeds the cap under clause (iii) at the local edu-cational agency or State level, the State educational agency, in determining whether the local educational agency or State, re-spectively, has met its performance targets under paragraph (2), shall— 
‘‘(I) include all students with the most sig-
nificant cognitive disabilities; 
‘‘(II) count at the catch-up level of 
achievement or as not graduating such stu-dents who exceed the cap; 
‘‘(III) include such students at the catch-up 
level of achievement or as not graduating in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4917 July 8, 2015 
each applicable subgroup at the school, local 
educational agency, and State level; and 
‘‘(IV) ensure that parents are informed of 
the actual academic achievement levels and graduation status of their children with the most significant cognitive disabilities. 
‘‘(iii) S
ECRETARIAL DUTIES .—The Secretary 
shall establish a cap for the purposes of this subparagraph which— 
‘‘(I) shall be based on the most recently 
available data on— 
‘‘(aa) the incidence of students with the 
most significant cognitive disabilities; 
‘‘(bb) the participation rates, including by 
disability category, on alternate assessments using alternate achievement standards pur-suant to subsection (b)(3)(E); 
‘‘(cc) the percentage of students, including 
by disability category, scoring at each achievement level on such alternate assess-ments; and 
‘‘(dd) other factors the Secretary deems 
necessary; and 
‘‘(II) may not exceed 1 percent of all stu-
dents in the combined grades assessed. 
‘‘(4) T
RANSITION PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
take such steps as necessary to provide for the orderly transition to the new account-ability and school improvement systems re-quired under this subsection from prior ac-countability and school improvement sys-tems in existence on the day before the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSITION .—To enable the successful 
transition described in this paragraph, each State educational agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
‘‘(i) administer assessments that were in 
existence on the day before the date of en-actment of the Student Success Act and be-ginning not later than the 2014–2015 school year, administer high-quality assessments described in subsection (b)(3); 
‘‘(ii) report student performance on the as-
sessments described in subparagraph (I), con-sistent with the requirements under this title; 
‘‘(iii) set a new baseline for performance 
targets, as described in paragraph (2)(C) and (2)(D), once new high-quality assessments de-scribed in subsection (b)(3) are implemented; 
‘‘(iv) implement the accountability and 
school improvement requirements of sec-tions 1111 and 1116, except— 
‘‘(I) the State shall not be required to iden-
tify new persistently low achieving schools or schools in need of improvement under sec-tion 1116 for 1 year after high-quality assess-ments described in subsection (b)(3) have been implemented; and 
‘‘(II) shall continue to implement school 
improvement requirements of section 1116 in persistently low achieving schools and schools in need of improvement that were identified as such in the year prior to imple-mentation of new high-quality assessments; and 
‘‘(v) assist local educational agencies in 
providing training and professional develop-ment on the implementation of new college and career ready standards and high-quality assessments. 
‘‘(C) E
ND OF TRANSITION .—The transition 
described in this paragraph shall be com-pleted by no later than 2 years from the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(d) O
THER PROVISIONS TO SUPPORT TEACH -
ING AND LEARNING .—Each State plan shall 
contain the following: 
‘‘(1) D ESCRIPTIONS .—A description of— 
‘‘(A) how the State educational agency will 
carry out the responsibilities of the State under section 1116; 
‘‘(B) a plan to identify and reduce inequi-
ties in the allocation of State and local re-sources, including personnel and nonper-sonnel resources, between schools that are receiving funds under this title and schools 
that are not receiving such funds under this title, consistent with the requirements in section 1120A, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of how the State will sup-
port local educational agencies in meeting the requirements of section 1120A; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State will 
support local educational agencies to align plans under subparagraph (A), efforts to im-prove educator supports and working condi-tions described in section 2112(b)(3), and ef-forts to improve the equitable distribution of teachers and principals described in section 2112(b)(5), with efforts to improve the equi-table allocation of resources as described in 
this subsection; 
‘‘(C) how the State educational agency will 
ensure that the results of the State assess-ments described in subsection (b)(3) and the school identifications described in sub-section (c)(1), respectively, will be provided to local educational agencies, schools, teach-ers, and parents promptly, but not later than before the beginning of the school year fol-lowing the school year in which such assess-ments, other indicators, or evaluations are taken or completed, and in a manner that is clear and easy to understand; 
‘‘(D) how the State educational agency will 
meet the diverse learning needs of students by— 
‘‘(i) identifying and addressing State-level 
barriers to implementation of universal de-sign for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), and multi-tier system of supports; and 
‘‘(ii) developing and making available to 
local educational agencies technical assist-ance for implementing universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21), and multi-tier system of supports; 
‘‘(E) for a State educational agency that 
adopts alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities under subsection (b)(4)(D)— 
‘‘(i) the clear and appropriate guidelines 
for individualized education program teams to apply in determining when a student’s sig-nificant cognitive disability justifies alter-nate assessment based on alternate achieve-ment standards, which shall include guide-lines to ensure— 
‘‘(I) students with the most significant 
cognitive disabilities have access to the gen-eral education curriculum for the grade in which the student is enrolled; 
‘‘(II) participation in an alternate assess-
ment does not influence a student’s place-ment in the least restrictive environment; 
‘‘(III) determinations are made separately 
for each subject and are re-determined each year during the annual individualized edu-cation program team meeting; 
‘‘(IV) the student’s mode of communica-
tion has been identified and accommodated to the extent possible; and 
‘‘(V) parents of such students give in-
formed consent that— 
‘‘(aa) their child’s achievement be based on 
alternate achievement standards; and 
‘‘(bb) if applicable, that participation in 
such assessments precludes the student from completing the requirements for a regular secondary school diploma; and 
‘‘(ii) the procedures the State educational 
agency will use to ensure and monitor that individualized education program teams im-plement the requirements of clause (i); and 
‘‘(iii) the plan to disseminate information 
on and promote use of appropriate accom-modations to increase the number of stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities who are assessed using achieve-ment standards described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (b)(4); ‘‘(F) how the State educational agency will 
meet the needs of English learners, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) the method for identifying an English 
learner that shall be used by all local edu-cational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(ii) the entrance and exit requirements 
for students enrolled in limited English pro-ficient classes, which shall— 
‘‘(I) be based on rigorous English language 
standards; and 
‘‘(II) prepare such students to successfully 
complete the State’s assessments; and 
‘‘(iii) timelines and targets for moving stu-
dents from the lowest levels of English lan-guage proficiency to the State-defined English proficient level, including an assur-ance that— 
‘‘(I) such targets will be based on student’s 
initial language proficiency level when first identified as limited English proficient and 
grade; and 
‘‘(II) such timelines will ensure students 
achieve English proficiency by 18 years of age, unless the State has obtained prior ap-proval by the Secretary; 
‘‘(G) how the State educational agency will 
assist local educational agencies in improv-ing instruction in all core academic subjects; 
‘‘(H) how the State educational agency will 
develop and improve the capacity of local educational agencies to use technology to improve instruction; and 
‘‘(I) how any State educational agency 
with a charter school law will support high- quality public charter schools that receive funds under this title by— 
‘‘(i) ensuring the quality of the authorized 
public chartering agencies in the State by establishing— 
‘‘(I) a system of periodic evaluation and 
certification of public chartering agencies using nationally-recognized professional standards; or 
‘‘(II) a statewide, independent chartering 
agency that meets nationally-recognized professional standards; 
‘‘(ii) including in the procedure established 
pursuant to clause (i) requirements for— 
‘‘(I) the annual filing and public reporting 
of independently audited financial state-ments including disclosure of amount and duration of any nonpublic financial and in- kind contributions of support, by each public chartering agency, for each school author-ized by such agency, and by each local edu-cational agency and the State; 
‘‘(II) the adoption and enforcement of 
school employee compensation and conflict of interest guidelines for all schools author-ized, which shall include disclosure of execu-tive pay and affiliated parties with financial interest in the management operations, or contractual obligations of the school; 
‘‘(III) a legally binding charter or perform-
ance contract between each charter school and the school’s authorized public chartering agency that— 
‘‘(aa) describes the rights, duties, and rem-
edies of the school and the public chartering agency; and 
‘‘(bb) bases charter renewal and revocation 
decisions on an agreed-to school account-ability plan which includes financial and or-ganizational indicators, with significant weight given to the student achievement on the achievement goals, performance targets, and growth targets established pursuant to subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (c)(2), respectively, for each student sub-group described in subsection (c)(3)(A), as well as 
‘‘(iii) developing and implementing, in con-
sultation and coordination with local edu-cational agencies, a system of intervention, revocation, or closure for charter schools and public chartering agencies failing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4918 July 8, 2015 
meet the requirements and standards de-
scribed in clauses (i) and (ii), which, at a minimum provides for— 
‘‘(I) initial and regular review, no less than 
once every 3 years, of each public chartering agency; and 
‘‘(II) intervention, revocation, or closure of 
any charter school identified for school im-provement under section 1116. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Assurances that— 
‘‘(A) the State educational agency will par-
ticipate in biennial State academic assess-ments of 4th, 8th, and 12th grade reading, mathematics, and science under the National Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(2) of the National Assessment of Educational Progress Author-ization Act, if the Secretary pays the costs of administering such assessments; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency will— ‘‘(i) notify local educational agencies and 
the public of the content and student aca-demic achievement standards and academic assessments developed under this section, and of the authority to operate schoolwide programs; and 
‘‘(ii) fulfill the State educational agency’s 
responsibilities regarding local educational agency and school improvement under sec-tion 1116; 
‘‘(C) the State educational agency will en-
courage local educational agencies to con-solidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for school improvement activi-ties under 1116 and for schoolwide programs under section 1114; 
‘‘(D) the State educational agency has 
modified or eliminated State fiscal and ac-counting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for schoolwide programs under section 1114; 
‘‘(E) that State educational agency will co-
ordinate data collection efforts to fulfill the requirements of this Act and reduce the du-plication of data collection to the extent practicable; 
‘‘(F) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the least restrictive and burdensome regulations for local educational agencies and individual schools participating in a pro-
gram assisted under this part; 
‘‘(G) the State educational agency will in-
form local educational agencies in the State of the local educational agency’s authority— 
‘‘(i) to transfer funds under title VI; ‘‘(ii) to obtain waivers under part D of title 
IX; and 
‘‘(iii) if the State is an Ed-Flex Partnership 
State, to obtain waivers under the Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999; 
‘‘(H) the State educational agency will 
work with other agencies, including edu-cational service agencies or other local con-sortia and comprehensive centers established under the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and institutions to provide pro-fessional development and technical assist-ance to local educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(I) the State educational agency will en-
sure that local educational agencies in the State comply with the requirements of sub-title B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. lll17); and 
‘‘(J) the State educational agency has en-
gaged in timely and meaningful consultation with representatives of Indian tribes located in the State in the development of the State plan to serve local educational agencies under its jurisdiction in order to— 
‘‘(i) improve the coordination of activities 
under this Act; 
‘‘(ii) meet the purpose of this title; and ‘‘(iii) meet the unique cultural, language, 
and educational needs of Indian students. 
‘‘(e) F
AMILY ENGAGEMENT .—Each State 
plan shall include a plan for strengthening family engagement in education. Each such 
plan shall, at a minimum, include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the State’s criteria 
and schedule for review and approval of local educational agency engagement policies and practices pursuant to section 1112(e)(3); 
‘‘(2) a description of the State’s system and 
process for assessing local educational agen-cy implementation of section 1118 respon-sibilities; 
‘‘(3) a description of the State’s criteria for 
identifying local educational agencies that would benefit from training and support re-lated to family engagement in education; 
‘‘(4) a description of the State’s statewide 
system of capacity-building and technical assistance for local educational agencies and schools on effectively implementing family engagement in education practices and poli-cies to increase student achievement; 
‘‘(5) an assurance that the State will refer 
to Statewide Family Engagement Centers, as described in section 5702, those local edu-cational agencies that would benefit from training and support related to family en-gagement in education; and 
‘‘(6) a description of the relationship be-
tween the State educational agency and Statewide Family Engagement Centers, par-ent training and information centers, and community parent resource centers in the State established under sections 671 and 672 of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act. 
‘‘(f) P
EER REVIEW AND SECRETARIAL AP-
PROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARIAL DUTIES .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) establish a peer-review process to as-
sist in the review of State plans; 
‘‘(B) appoint individuals to the peer-review 
process who are representative of parents, teachers, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and experts and who are familiar with educational standards, as-sessments, accountability, the needs of low- performing schools, and other educational needs of students; 
‘‘(C) approve a State plan within 120 days 
of its submission unless the Secretary deter-mines that the plan does not meet the re-quirements of this section; 
‘‘(D) if the Secretary determines that the 
State plan does not meet the requirements of this section immediately notify the State of such determination and the reasons for such determination; 
‘‘(E) not decline to approve a State’s plan 
before— 
‘‘(i) offering the State an opportunity to 
revise its plan; 
‘‘(ii) providing technical assistance in 
order to assist the State to meet the require-ments of this section; and 
‘‘(iii) providing a hearing; and ‘‘(F) have the authority to disapprove a 
State plan for not meeting the requirements of this part, but shall not have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan, to include in, or delete from, such plan one or more specific ele-ments of the State’s academic content stand-ards or to use specific academic assessment instruments or items. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE REVISIONS .—A State plan shall 
be revised by the State educational agency if the revision is necessary to satisfy the re-quirements of this section. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—Notifications under 
this subsection shall be made available to the public through the website of the Depart-ment, including— 
‘‘(A) State plans submitted or resubmitted 
by a State; 
‘‘(B) peer review comments; ‘‘(C) State plan determinations by the Sec-
retary, including approvals or disapprovals; ‘‘(D) amendments or changes to State 
plans; and 
‘‘(E) hearings. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF THE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall— 
‘‘(A) remain in effect for the duration of 
the State’s participation under this part or 4 years, whichever is shorter; and 
‘‘(B) be periodically reviewed and revised 
as necessary by the State educational agen-cy to reflect changes in the State’s strate-gies and programs under this part, including information on the progress the State has made in fulfilling the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A State educational agen-
cy that desires to continue participation under this part shall submit a renewed plan every 4 years, including information on progress the State has made in— 
‘‘(A) implementing college- and career- 
ready content and achievement standards and high-quality assessments described in paragraph (b); 
‘‘(B) meeting its goals and performance 
targets described in subsection (c)(2); and 
‘‘(C) improving the capacity and skills of 
teachers and principals as described in sec-
tion 2112. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If signifi-
cant changes are made to a State’s plan, such as the adoption of new State academic content standards and State student achievement standards, new academic as-sessments, or new performance goals or tar-get, growth goals or targets, or graduation rate goals or targets, such information shall be submitted to the Secretary for approval. 
‘‘(h) F
AILURE TOMEETREQUIREMENTS .—If a 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold funds for State administration under this part until the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL STATE REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives 
assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual State report card. Such dissemination shall include, at a min-imum, publicly posting the report card on the home page of the State educational agen-cy’s website. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The State report 
card shall be— 
‘‘(i) concise; and ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, provided in a language that the par-ents can understand. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The State 
shall include in its annual State report card— 
‘‘(i) information, in the aggregate, and 
disaggregated and cross-tabulated by the same major groups as the decennial census of the population, ethnicity, gender, disability status, migrant status, English proficiency, and status as economically disadvantaged, except that such disaggregation and cross- tabulation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal per-sonally identifiable information about an in-dividual student on— 
‘‘(I) student achievement at each achieve-
ment level on the State academic assess-ments described in subsection (b)(3), includ-ing the most recent 2-year trend; 
‘‘(II) student growth on the State academic 
assessments described in subsection (b)(3), including the most-recent 2-year trend; 
‘‘(III) the four-year adjusted cohort rate, 
the extended-year graduation rate (where ap-plicable), and the graduation rate by type of diploma, including the most recent 2-year trend; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4919 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(IV) the State established equity indica-
tors under subsection (c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(V) the percentage of students who did 
not take the State assessments; and 
‘‘(VI) the most recent 2-year trend in stu-
dent achievement and student growth in each subject area and for each grade level, for which assessments under this section are required; 
‘‘(ii) information that provides a compari-
son between the actual achievement levels and growth of each group of students de-scribed in subsection (c)(3)(A) and the per-formance targets and growth targets in sub-section (c)(2) for each such group of students on each of the academic assessments and for graduation rates required under this part; 
‘‘(iii) if a State adopts alternate achieve-
ment standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, the number and percentage of students taking the alter-nate assessments and information on student achievement at each achievement level and student growth, by grade and subject; 
‘‘(iv) the number of students who are 
English learners, and the performance of such students, on the State’s English lan-guage proficiency assessments, including the students’ attainment of, and progress to-ward, higher levels of English language pro-ficiency; 
‘‘(v) information on the performance of 
local educational agencies in the State re-garding school improvement, including the number and names of each school identified for school improvement under section 1116 and information on the outcomes of the eq-uity indicators outlined in section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(vi) the professional qualifications of 
teachers in the State, the percentage of such teachers teaching with emergency or provi-sional credentials, and the percentage of classes in the State not taught by qualified teachers, in the aggregate and disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low-poverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile of poverty in the State; 
‘‘(vii) information on teacher effectiveness, 
as determined by the State, in the aggregate and disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low-poverty schools which, for the pur-pose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile of poverty in the State; 
‘‘(viii) a clear and concise description of 
the State’s accountability system, including a description of the criteria by which the State educational agency evaluates school 
performance, and the criteria that the State educational agency has established, con-sistent with subsection (c), to determine the status of schools with respect to school im-provement; and 
‘‘(ix) outcomes related to quality charter 
authorizing standards as described in sub-section (d)(1)(I), including, at a minimum, annual filing as described in subsection (d)(1)(I)(ii)(I). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
REPORT CARDS .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORT CARDS .—A local educational 
agency that receives assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card. 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The State 
educational agency shall ensure that each local educational agency collects appro-priate data and includes in the local edu-cational agency’s annual report the informa-tion described in paragraph (1)(C) as applied to the local educational agency and each school served by the local educational agen-cy, and— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a local educational agen-
cy— ‘‘(I) the number and percentage of schools 
identified for school improvement under sec-tion 1116 and how long the schools have been so identified; and 
‘‘(II) information that shows how students 
served by the local educational agency achieved on the statewide academic assess-ment compared to students in the State as a whole; 
‘‘(III) per-pupil expenditures from Federal, 
State, and local sources, including personnel and nonpersonnel resources, for each school in the local educational agency, consistent with the requirements under section 1120A; 
‘‘(IV) the number and percentage of sec-
ondary school students who have been re-moved from the 4-year adjusted cohort by leaver code, and the number and percentage of students from each adjusted cohort that have been enrolled in high school for more than 4 years but have not graduated with a regular diploma; and 
‘‘(V) information on the number of mili-
tary-connected students (students who are a dependent of a member of the Armed Forces, including reserve components thereof) served by the local educational agency and how such military-dependent students achieved on the statewide academic assessment com-pared to all students served by the local edu-cational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school— ‘‘(I) whether the school has been identified 
for school improvement; and 
‘‘(II) information that shows how the 
school’s students achievement on the state-wide academic assessments and other im-provement indicators compared to students in the local educational agency and the State as a whole. 
‘‘(C) O
THER INFORMATION .—A local edu-
cational agency may include in its annual local educational agency report card any other appropriate information, whether or not such information is included in the an-nual State report card. 
‘‘(D) D
ATA.—A local educational agency or 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation, as determined by the State, and that do not reveal personally identifiable infor-mation about an individual student. 
‘‘(E) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The local edu-
cational agency shall publicly disseminate the report cards described in this paragraph to all schools in the school district served by the local educational agency and to all par-ents of students attending those schools in an accessible, understandable, and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, pro-
vided in a language that the parents can un-derstand, and make the information widely available through public means, such as posting on the Internet, distribution to the media, and distribution through public agen-cies. 
‘‘(3) P
REEXISTING REPORT CARDS .—A State 
educational agency or local educational agency that was providing public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State prior to the date of enactment of the Student Success Act may use those report cards for the purpose of this subsection, so long as any such report card is modified, as may be needed, to contain the information required by this subsection. 
‘‘(4) C
OST REDUCTION .—Each State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cy receiving assistance under this part shall, wherever possible, take steps to reduce data collection costs and duplication of effort by obtaining the information required under this subsection through existing data collec-tion efforts. 
‘‘(5) A
NNUAL STATE REPORT TO THE SEC -
RETARY .—Each State educational agency re-ceiving assistance under this part shall re-
port annually to the Secretary, and make widely available within the State— 
‘‘(A) information on the State’s progress in 
developing and implementing 
‘‘(i) the college and career ready standards 
described in subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(ii) the academic assessments described in 
subsection (b)(3); and 
‘‘(iii) the accountability and school im-
provement system described in subsection (c); and 
‘‘(B) the annual State report card under 
paragraph (1). 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall transmit annually to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report that provides national and State-level data on the information col-lected under paragraph (5). 
‘‘(7) P
ARENTS RIGHT -TO-KNOW .— 
‘‘(A) A CHIEVEMENT INFORMATION .—At the 
beginning of each school year, a school that receives funds under this subpart shall pro-vide to each individual parent— 
‘‘(i) information on the level of achieve-
ment and growth of the parent’s child on each of the State academic assessments and, as appropriate, other improvement indica-tors adopted in accordance with this subpart; and 
‘‘(ii) timely notice that the parent’s child 
has been assigned, or has been taught for four or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who is not qualified or has been found to be ineffective, as determined by the State or local educational agency. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—At the beginning of 
each school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall no-tify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part, information regarding the professional quali-fications of the student’s classroom teachers, including, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(i) Whether the teacher has met State 
qualification and licensing criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction. 
‘‘(ii) Whether the teacher is teaching under 
emergency or other provisional status through which State qualification or licens-ing criteria have been waived. 
‘‘(iii) Whether the teacher is currently en-
rolled in an alternative certification pro-gram. 
‘‘(iv) Whether the child is provided services 
by paraprofessionals or specialized instruc-tional support personnel and, if so, their qualifications. 
‘‘(C) F
ORMAT .—The notice and information 
provided to parents under this paragraph shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, pro-vided in a language that the parents can un-derstand. 
‘‘(j) P
RIVACY .—Information collected under 
this section shall be collected and dissemi-nated in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals. 
‘‘(k) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall provide a State educational agency, at the State educational agency’s re-quest, technical assistance in meeting the requirements of this section, including the provision of advice by experts in the develop-ment of college and career ready standards, high-quality academic assessments, and goals and targets that are valid and reliable, and other relevant areas. 
‘‘(l) V
OLUNTARY PARTNERSHIPS .—A State 
may enter into a voluntary partnership with another State to develop and implement the academic assessments and standards re-quired under this section. 
‘‘(m) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4920 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(1) A DJUSTED COHORT ; EXTENDED -YEAR ; EN-
TERING COHORT ; TRANSFERRED INTO ; TRANS -
FERRED OUT .— 
‘‘(A) A DJUSTED COHORT .—Subject to sub-
paragraph (D)(ii) through (G), the term ‘ad-justed cohort’ means the difference of— 
‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the entering cohort; plus ‘‘(II) any students that transferred into the 
cohort in any of grades 9 through 12; minus 
‘‘(ii) any students that are removed from 
the cohort as described in subparagraph (E). 
‘‘(B) E
XTENDED YEAR .—The term ‘extended 
year’ when used with respect to a graduation rate, means the fifth or sixth year after the school year in which the entering cohort, as described in subparagraph (C), is established for the purpose of calculating the adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(C) E
NTERING COHORT .—The term ‘enter-
ing cohort’ means the number of first-time 9th graders enrolled in a secondary school 1 month after the start of the secondary school’s academic year. 
‘‘(D) T
RANSFERRED INTO .—The term ‘trans-
ferred into’ when used with respect to a sec-ondary school student, means a student who— 
‘‘(i) was a first-time 9th grader during the 
same school year as the entering cohort; and 
‘‘(ii) enrolls after the entering cohort is 
calculated as described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(E) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘transferred 
out’ when used with respect to a secondary school student, means a student who the sec-ondary school or local educational agency has confirmed has transferred to another— 
‘‘(I) school from which the student is ex-
pected to receive a regular secondary school diploma; or 
‘‘(II) educational program from which the 
student is expected to receive a regular sec-ondary school diploma. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) D OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The con-
firmation of a student’s transfer to another school or educational program described in clause (i) requires documentation from the receiving school or program that the student enrolled in the receiving school or program. 
‘‘(II) L
ACK OF CONFIRMATION .—A student 
who was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having trans-ferred out, shall remain in the cohort as a non-graduate for reporting and account-ability purposes under this section. 
‘‘(iii) P
ROGRAMS NOT PROVIDING CREDIT .—A 
student enrolled in a GED or other alter-native educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of 
a regular secondary school diploma shall not be considered transferred out. 
‘‘(F) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a stu-
dent from a cohort, a school or local edu-cational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, or is de-ceased. 
‘‘(G) T
REATMENT OF OTHER LEAVERS AND  
WITHDRAWALS .—A student who was retained 
in a grade, enrolled in a GED program, aged- out of a secondary school or secondary school program, or left secondary school for any other reason, including expulsion, shall not be considered transferred out, and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(H) S
PECIAL RULE .—For those secondary 
schools that start after grade 9, the entering cohort shall be calculated 1 month after the start of the secondary school’s academic year in the earliest secondary school grade at the secondary school. 
‘‘(2) 4-
YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT GRADUATION  
RATE .—The term ‘4-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate’ means the percent obtained by calculating the product of— 
‘‘(A) the result of— ‘‘(i) the number of students who— 
‘‘(I) formed the adjusted cohort 4 years ear-
lier; and 
‘‘(II) graduate in 4 years or less with a reg-
ular secondary school diploma; divided by 
‘‘(ii) the number of students who formed 
the adjusted cohort for that year’s grad-uating class 4 years earlier; multiplied by 
‘‘(B) 100. ‘‘(3) E
XTENDED -YEAR GRADUATION RATE .— 
The term ‘extended-year graduation rate’ for a school year is defined as the percent ob-tained by calculating the product of the re-sult of— 
‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the number of students who— ‘‘(I) form the adjusted cohort for that 
year’s graduating class; and 
‘‘(II) graduate in an extended year with a 
regular secondary school diploma; or 
‘‘(III) graduate before exceeding the age for 
eligibility for a free appropriate public edu-cation (as defined in section 602 of the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act) under State law; divided by 
‘‘(ii) the result of— ‘‘(I) the number of students who form the 
adjusted cohort for that year’s graduating class; plus 
‘‘(II) the number of students who trans-
ferred in during the extended year defined in paragraph (1)(B), minus 
‘‘(III) students who transferred out, emi-
grated, or died during the extended year de-fined in paragraph (1)(B); multiplied by 
‘‘(B) 100. ‘‘(4) L
EAVER CODE .—The term ‘leaver code’ 
means a number or series of numbers and letters assigned to a categorical reason for why a student left the high school from which she or he is enrolled without having earned a regular high school diploma, except that— 
‘‘(A) an individual student with either a 
duplicative code or whom has not been as-signed a leaver code shall not be removed from the cohort assigned for the purpose of calculating the adjusted cohort graduation rate; and 
‘‘(B) the number of students with either a 
duplicative leaver code or who have not been assigned a leaver code shall be included in reporting requirements for the leaver code. 
‘‘(5) M
ULTI-TIER SYSTEM OF SUPPORTS .—The 
term ‘multi-tier system of supports’ means a comprehensive system of differentiated sup-ports that includes evidence-based instruc-tion, universal screening, progress moni-toring, formative assessment, and research- based interventions matched to student needs, and educational decision-making using student outcome data. 
‘‘(6) G
RADUATION RATE .—The term ‘gradua-
tion rate’ means a 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rate and the extended-year grad-uation rate. 
‘‘(7) R
EGULAR SECONDARY SCHOOL DI -
PLOMA .— 
‘‘(A) The term ‘regular secondary school 
diploma’ means standard secondary school diploma awarded to the preponderance of students in the State that is fully aligned with the State’s college and career ready 
achievement standards as described under subsection (b)(4), or a higher diploma. Such term shall not include GED’s, certificates of attendance, or any lesser diploma awards. 
‘‘(B) If a State adopts different paths to 
the regular secondary school diploma, such different paths shall— 
‘‘(i) be available to all students in the 
State; 
‘‘(ii) be equally rigorous in their require-
ments; and 
‘‘(iii) signify that a student is prepared for 
college or a career without the need for re-mediation.’’. 
Strike section 117 and insert the following: SEC. 117. ACADEMIC ASSESSMENT AND LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT; SCHOOL SUPPORT AND RECOGNITION. 
Section 1116 (20 U.S.C. 6316) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1116. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
‘‘(A) use the State academic assessments, 
including measures of student growth and graduation rates, and data on the state-es-tablished equity indicators described in sec-tion 1111(c)(1)(C) to review, annually, the progress of each school served under this part, and consistent with the parameters de-scribed in paragraph (2), to determine wheth-er the school is— 
‘‘(i) meeting performance targets, growth 
targets, and graduation rate targets estab-lished under section 1111(c)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) making progress to address school 
challenges identified using the state- estab-lished equity indicators described in section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(B) based on the review conducted under 
subparagraph (A), determine whether a school served under this part is— 
‘‘(i) in need of support as described under 
section 1111(c)(1)(E)(ii); or 
‘‘(ii) a high priority school that meets the 
State-established paraments under para-graph (2); 
‘‘(C) publicize and disseminate the results 
of the local annual review described in sub-paragraph (A) to parents, teachers, prin-cipals, schools, and the community so that the teachers, principals, other staff, and schools can continually refine, in an instructionally useful manner, the program of instruction to help all children served under this part meet the college and career ready achievement standards established under section 1111(b); and 
‘‘(D) use the equity indicators established 
under section 1111(c)(1)(C) to diagnose school challenges and measure school progress in carrying out the school improvement activi-ties under this section. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—The State 
educational agency shall establish param-eters, consistent with section 1111(c)(1)(E)(i), to assist local educational agencies in identi-fying high priority schools within the local educational agency that— 
‘‘(A) for elementary schools— ‘‘(i) shall use student achievement on the 
assessments required under section 1111(b)(3), including prior year data; 
‘‘(ii) shall use student growth data on the 
assessments under section 1111(b)(3), includ-ing prior year data; and 
‘‘(iii) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
of the parameters established in clauses (i) and (ii), data on the equity indicators estab-lished under section 1111(c)(1)(C); and 
‘‘(B) for secondary schools— ‘‘(i) shall use student achievement on the 
assessments required under section 1111(b)(3), including prior year data; 
‘‘(ii) shall use student growth data on the 
assessments under section 1111(b)(3), includ-ing prior year data; 
‘‘(iii) shall use graduation rate data, in-
cluding prior year data; and 
‘‘(iv) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
of the parameters established in clauses (i) through clause (iii), data on the equity indi-cators established under section 1111(c)(1)(C); or 
‘‘(v) shall include schools with 4-year ad-
justed cohort graduation rates below 67 per-cent as high priority schools. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOL IMPROVEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each school served under 
this part determined to be a school in need of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4921 July 8, 2015 
support pursuant to section 1111(c)(1)(C)(ii) 
or a high-priority school pursuant to 1111(c)(1)(C)(i), shall form a school improve-ment team described in paragraph (2) to de-velop and implement a school improvement plan described in paragraph (3) to improve educational outcomes for all students and address existing resource inequities. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOL IMPROVEMENT TEAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each school described in 
paragraph (1) shall form a school improve-ment team, which shall include school lead-ers, teachers, parents, community members, and specialized instructional support per-sonnel. 
‘‘(B) S
CHOOLS IN NEED OF SUPPORT .—Each 
school improvement team for a school in need of support may include an external partner and representatives of the local edu-cational agency and the State educational agency. 
‘‘(C) H
IGH-PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—Each school 
improvement team for a high-priority school shall include an external partner and rep-resentatives of the local educational agency and the State educational agency. 
‘‘(3) S
CHOOL IMPROVEMENT PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A school improvement 
team shall develop, implement, and make publicly available a school improvement plan that uses information available under the accountability and school improvement system established under section 1111(c), data available under the early warning indi-cator system established under subsection (c)(5), data on the improvement indicators established under section 1111(c)(1)(D), and other relevant data to identify— 
‘‘(i) each area in which the school needs 
support for improvement; 
‘‘(ii) the type of support required; ‘‘(iii) how the school plans to use com-
prehensive, evidence-based strategies to ad-dress such needs; 
‘‘(iv) how the school will measure progress 
in addressing such needs using the goals and targets and improvement indicators estab-lished under paragraphs (2) and (1)(D) of sec-tion 1111(c), respectively, and identify which of the goals and targets are not currently being met by the school; and 
‘‘(v) how the school will review its progress 
and make adjustments and corrections to en-sure continuous improvement. 
‘‘(B) P
LANNING PERIOD .—The school im-
provement team may use a planning period, which shall not be longer than one school year to develop and prepare to implement the school improvement plan. 
‘‘(C) P
LAN REQUIREMENTS .—Each school im-
provement plan shall describe the following: 
‘‘(i) P LANNING AND PREPARATION .—The ac-
tivities during the planning period, includ-ing— 
‘‘(I) the preparation activities conducted to 
effectively implement the budgeting, staff-ing, curriculum, and instruction changes de-scribed in the plan; and 
‘‘(II) how the school improvement team en-
gaged parents and community organizations. 
‘‘(ii) T
ARGETS .—The performance, growth, 
and graduation rate targets that contributed to the school’s status as a school in need of support or high-priority school, and the school challenges identified by the school improvement indicators under section 1111(c)(1)(D). 
‘‘(iii) E
VIDENCE -BASED , SCHOOL IMPROVE -
MENT STRATEGIES .—Evidence-based, school 
improvement strategies to address the fac-tors and challenges described in clause (ii), to improve instruction, including in all core academic subjects, to improve the achieve-ment of all students and address the needs of students identified at the catch-up level of achievement. 
‘‘(iv) N
EEDS AND CAPACITY ANALYSIS .—A de-
scription and analysis of the school’s ability and the resources necessary to implement 
the evidence-based, school improvement strategies identified under clause (iii), in-cluding an analysis of— 
‘‘(I) staffing resources, such as the number, 
experience, training level, effectiveness as determined by the State or local educational agency, responsibilities, and stability of ex-isting administrative, instructional, and non-instructional staff; 
‘‘(II) budget resources, including how Fed-
eral, State, and local funds are being spent for instruction and operations to determine how existing resources can be aligned and used to support improvement; 
‘‘(III) the school curriculum; ‘‘(IV) the use of time, such as the school’s 
schedule and use of additional learning time; and 
‘‘(V) any additional resources and staff 
necessary to effectively implement the school improvement activities identified in the school improvement plan. 
‘‘(v) I
DENTIFYING ROLES .—The roles and re-
sponsibilities of the State educational agen-cy, the local educational agency, the school and, if applicable, the external partner in the school improvement activities, including providing interventions, support, and re-sources necessary to implement improve-ments. 
‘‘(vi) P
LAN FOR EVALUATION .—The plan for 
continuous evaluation of the evidence-based, school improvement strategies, including implementation of and fidelity to the school improvement plan, that includes at least quarterly reviews of the effectiveness of such activities. 
‘‘(D) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR HIGH - 
PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—For a persistently-low 
achieving school, the school improvement plan shall, in addition to the requirements described in subparagraph (B), describe how the school will— 
‘‘(i) address school-wide factors to improve 
student achievement, including— 
‘‘(I) establishing high expectations for all 
students, which at a minimum, align with the achievement standards and growth standards under section 1111(b)(4); 
‘‘(II) improving school climate, including 
student attendance and school discipline, through the use of school-wide positive be-havioral supports and interventions and other evidence based approaches to improv-ing school climate; 
‘‘(III) ensuring that the staff charged with 
implementing the school improvement plan are engaged in the plan and the school turn-around effort; 
‘‘(IV) establishing clear— 
‘‘(aa) benchmarks for implementation of 
the plan; and 
‘‘(bb) targets for improvement on the eq-
uity indicators under section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(ii) organize the school to improve teach-
ing and learning, including through— 
‘‘(I) strategic use of time, such as— ‘‘(aa) establishing common planning time 
for teachers and interdisciplinary teams who share common groups of students; 
‘‘(bb) redesigning the school calendar year 
or day, such as through block scheduling, summer learning programs, or increasing the number of hours or days, in order to create additional learning time; or 
‘‘(cc) creating a flexible school period to 
address specific student academic needs and interests such as credit recovery, electives, enrichment activities, or service learning; and 
‘‘(II) alignment of resources to improve-
ment goals, such as through ensuring that students in transition grades are taught by teachers prepared to meet their specific learning needs; 
‘‘(iii) increase teacher and school leader ef-
fectiveness, as determined by the State or local educational agency, including 
through— 
‘‘(I) demonstrating the principal has the 
skills, capacity, and record of success to sig-nificantly improve student achievement and lead a school turnaround, which may include replacing the principal; 
‘‘(II) screening all existing staff at the 
school, with the leadership team, through a process that ensures a rigorous and fair re-view of their applications; 
‘‘(III) improving the recruitment and re-
tention of qualified and effective teachers and principals, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in the school; 
‘‘(IV) professional development activities 
that respond to student and school-wide needs aligned with the school improvement plan, such as— 
‘‘(aa) training teachers, leaders, and ad-
ministrators together with staff from schools making achievement goals and per-formance targets under the accountability system under section 1111(c) that serve simi-lar populations and in such schools; 
‘‘(bb) establishing peer learning and coach-
ing among teachers; or 
‘‘(cc) facilitating collaboration, including 
through professional communities across subject area and interdisciplinary groups and similar schools; 
‘‘(V) appropriately identifying teachers for 
each grade and course; and 
‘‘(VI) the development of effective leader-
ship structures, supports, and clear decision making processes, such as through devel-oping distributive leadership and leadership teams; 
‘‘(iv) improve curriculum and instruction, 
including through— 
‘‘(I) demonstrating the relevance of the 
curriculum and learning for all students, in-cluding instruction in all core academic sub-jects, and may include the use of online course-work as long as such course-work meets standards of quality and best practices for online education; 
‘‘(II) increasing access to rigorous and ad-
vanced course-work, including adoption and implementation of a college- and career- ready curriculum, and evidence-based, en-gaging instructional materials aligned with such a curriculum, for all students; 
‘‘(III) increasing access to contextualized 
learning opportunities aligned with readi-ness for postsecondary education and the workforce, such as providing— 
‘‘(aa) work-based, project-based, and serv-
ice-learning opportunities; or 
‘‘(bb) a high-quality, college preparatory 
curriculum in the context of a rigorous ca-reer and technical education core; 
‘‘(IV) regularly collecting and using data 
to inform instruction, such as— 
‘‘(aa) through use of formative assess-
ments; 
‘‘(bb) creating and using common grading 
rubrics; or 
‘‘(cc) identifying effective instructional ap-
proaches to meet student needs; and 
‘‘(V) emphasizing core skills instruction, 
such as literacy, across content areas; 
‘‘(v) provide students with academic and 
social support to address individual student learning needs, including through— 
‘‘(I) ensuring access to services and exper-
tise of specialized instructional support per-sonnel; 
‘‘(II) supporting students at the catch-up 
level of achievement who need intensive intervention; 
‘‘(III) increasing personalization of the 
school experience through learning struc-tures that facilitate the development of stu-dent and staff relationships; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4922 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(IV) offering extended-learning, credit re-
covery, mentoring, or tutoring options of sufficient scale to meet student needs; 
‘‘(V) providing evidence-based, accelerated 
learning for students with academic skill levels below grade level; 
‘‘(VI) coordinating and increasing access to 
integrated services, such as providing spe-cialized instructional support personnel; 
‘‘(VII) providing transitional support be-
tween grade-spans, including postsecondary planning. 
‘‘(VIII) meeting the diverse learning needs 
of all students through strategies such as a multi-tier system of supports and universal design for learning, as described in section 5429(b)(21); and 
‘‘(IX) engaging families and community 
partners, including community-based organi-zations, organizations representing under-served populations, Indian tribes (as appro-
priate), organizations assisting parent in-volvement, institutions of higher education, and businesses, in school improvement ac-tivities through evidence-based strategies. 
‘‘(E) S
UBMISSION AND APPROVAL .—The 
school improvement team shall submit the school improvement plan to the local edu-cational agency or the State educational agency, as determined by the State edu-cational agency based on the local edu-cational agency’s ability to effectively mon-itor and support the school improvement ac-tivities. Upon receiving the plan, the local educational agency or the State educational agency, as appropriate, shall— 
‘‘(i) establish a peer review process to as-
sist with review of the school improvement plan; and 
‘‘(ii) promptly review the plan, work with 
the school improvement team as necessary, and approve the plan if the plan meets the requirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) R
EVISION OF PLAN .—A school improve-
ment team may revise the school improve-ment plan as additional information and data is available. 
‘‘(G) I
MPLEMENTATION .—A school with the 
support and assistance of the local edu-cational agency shall implement the school improvement plan expeditiously, but not later than the beginning of the next full school year after identification for improve-ment. 
‘‘(4) E
VALUATION OF SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—The State educational agen-
cy or local educational agency, as deter-mined by the State in accordance with para-graph (3)(D) shall, annually, review data with respect to each school in need of sup-port and each high-priority school to set clear benchmarks for progress, to guide ad-justments and corrections, to evaluate whether the supports and interventions iden-tified within the school improvement plan are effective and the school is meeting the targets for improvement established under its such plan, and to specify what actions ensue for schools not making progress. 
‘‘(ii) D
ATA.—In carrying out the annual re-
view under clause (i), the school, the local educational agency, or State educational agency shall measure progress on— 
‘‘(I) student achievement, student growth, 
and graduation rates against the goals and targets established under section 1111(c)(2); and 
‘‘(II) improvement indicators as estab-
lished under section 1111(c)(1)(D). 
‘‘(B) S
CHOOLS IN NEED OF SUPPORT .—If, after 
3 years of implementing its school improve-ment plan, a school in need of support does not meet the goals and targets under section 1111(c)(2) that were identified under the school improvement plan as not being met by the school and the improvement indica-tors established under section 1111(c)(1)(D), 
then— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency shall 
evaluate school performance and other data, and provide intensive assistance to that school in order to improve the effectiveness of the interventions; and 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency or the 
local educational agency, as determined by the State, shall determine whether the school shall partner with an external part-ner— 
‘‘(I) to revise the school improvement plan; 
and 
‘‘(II) to improve, and as appropriate, re-
vise, school improvement strategies that meet the requirements of paragraph (3)(B)(iii). 
‘‘(C) H
IGH-PRIORITY SCHOOLS .—If, after 3 
years of implementing its school improve-ment plan, a high-priority school does not demonstrate progress on the goals and tar-gets under section 1111(c)(2) that were identi-fied under the school improvement plan as not being met by the school or the equity in-dicators established under section 1111(c)(1)(C), then— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency, in col-
laboration with the State educational agen-cy, shall determine actionable next steps which may include school closure, replace-ment, or State take-over of such school, shall provide all students enrolled with new high-quality educational options; 
‘‘(ii) the local educational agency, and as 
appropriate the State educational agency, shall develop and implement a plan to assist with any resulting transition of the school under clause (i) that— 
‘‘(I) is developed in consultation with par-
ents and the community; 
‘‘(II) addresses the needs of the students at 
the school by considering strategies such as— 
‘‘(aa) opening a new school; ‘‘(bb) graduating out current students and 
closing the school in stages; and 
‘‘(cc) enrolling the students who attended 
the school in other schools in the local edu-cational agency that are higher achieving, provided the other schools are within reason-able proximity to the closed school and en-sures receiving schools have the capacity to enroll incoming students; and 
‘‘(III) provides information about high- 
quality educational options and transition and support services to students who at-tended that school and their parents. 
‘‘(D) P
ERSISTENTLY LOW ACHIEVING  
SCHOOL .—If, after 5 years of implementing its 
school improvement plan, a persistently low achieving school does not demonstrate progress on the goals and targets under sec-tion 1111(c)(2) that were identified under the school improvement plan, then the local edu-cational agency, in collaboration with the State educational agency, shall determine actionable next steps, which may include school closure, replacement, or State take- over of such school, and shall provide all stu-dents with enrolled new high-quality edu-cational options, as described in subpara-graph (C). 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—A local educational agency 
served by this part, in supporting the schools identified as a school in need of support or a high-priority school served by the agency, shall— 
‘‘(1) address resource inequities to improve 
student achievement by— 
‘‘(A) targeting resources and support to 
those schools identified as high priority or as in need of support, including additional re-sources and staff necessary to implement the school improvement plan, as described in subsection (b)(3)(C)(iv)(V), and ‘‘(B) ensuring the local educational agency 
budget calendar is aligned with school staff and budgeting needs; 
‘‘(2) address local educational agency-wide 
factors to improve student achievement by— 
‘‘(A) supporting the use of data to improve 
teaching and learning through— 
‘‘(i) improving longitudinal data systems; ‘‘(ii) regularly analyzing and disseminating 
usable data to educators, parents, and stu-dents; 
‘‘(iii) building the data and assessment lit-
eracy of teachers and principals; and 
‘‘(iv) evaluating at kindergarten entry the 
kindergarten readiness of children and ad-dressing the educational and development needs determined by such evaluation; 
‘‘(B) addressing school transition needs of 
the local educational agency by— 
‘‘(i) using kindergarten readiness data to 
consider improving access to high-quality 
early education opportunities; and 
‘‘(ii) providing targeted research-based 
interventions to middle schools that feed into high schools identified for school im-provement under this section; 
‘‘(C) supporting human capital systems 
that ensure there is a sufficient pool of qualified and effective teachers and school leaders, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in schools served by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(D) developing support for school im-
provement plans among key stakeholders such as parents and families, community groups representing underserved popu-lations, Indian tribes (as appropriate), edu-cators, and teachers; 
‘‘(E) carrying out administrative duties 
under this section, including evaluation for school improvement and technical assistance for schools; and 
‘‘(F) coordinating activities under this sec-
tion with other relevant State and local agencies, as appropriate; 
‘‘(3) supporting professional development 
activities for teachers, school leaders, and specialized instructional support personnel aligned to school improvement activities; 
‘‘(4) address curriculum and instruction 
factors to improve student achievement by— 
‘‘(A) ensuring curriculum alignment with 
the State’s early learning standards and postsecondary education programs; 
‘‘(B) providing academically rigorous edu-
cation options such as— 
‘‘(i) effective dropout prevention, credit 
and dropout recovery and recuperative edu-cation programs for disconnected youth and students who are not making sufficient progress to graduate high school in the standard number of years or who have dropped out of high school; 
‘‘(ii) providing students with postsec-
ondary learning opportunities, such as through access to a relevant curriculum or course of study that enables a student to earn a secondary school diploma and— 
‘‘(I) an associate’s degree; or ‘‘(II) not more than 2 years of transferable 
credit toward a postsecondary degree or cre-dential; 
‘‘(iii) integrating rigorous academic edu-
cation with career training, including train-ing that leads to postsecondary credentials for students; 
‘‘(iv) increasing access to Advanced Place-
ment or International Baccalaureate courses and examinations; or 
‘‘(v) developing and utilizing innovative, 
high quality distance learning strategies to improve student academic achievement; and 
‘‘(C) considering how technology can be 
used to support school improvement activi-ties; 
‘‘(5) address student support factors to im-
prove student achievement by— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4923 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(A) establishing an early warning indi-
cator system to identify students who are at risk of dropping out of high school and to guide preventive and recuperative school im-provement strategies, including— 
‘‘(i) identifying and analyzing the aca-
demic risk factors that most reliably predict dropouts by using longitudinal data of past cohorts of students; 
‘‘(ii) identifying specific indicators of stu-
dent progress and performance, such as at-tendance, academic performance in core courses, and credit accumulation, to guide decision making; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing a mecha-
nism for regularly collecting and analyzing data about the impact of interventions on the indicators of student progress and per-formance; and 
‘‘(iv) analyzing academic indicators to de-
termine whether students are on track to graduate secondary school in the standard numbers of years; and 
‘‘(B) identifying and implementing strate-
gies for pairing academic support with inte-grated student services and case-managed interventions for students requiring inten-sive supports which may include partner-ships with other external partners; 
‘‘(6) promote family outreach and engage-
ment in school improvement activities, in-cluding those required by section 1118, to im-prove student achievement; 
‘‘(7) for each school identified for school 
improvement, ensure the provision of tech-nical assistance as the school develops and implements the school improvement plan throughout the plan’s duration; and 
‘‘(8) identify school improvement strate-
gies that are consistently improving student outcomes and disseminate those strategies 
so that all schools can implement them. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—A State educational agency 
served by this part, in supporting schools identified as a school in need of support or a high-priority school and the local edu-cational agencies serving such schools, shall— 
‘‘(1) assess and address local capacity con-
straints to ensure that its local educational agencies can meet the requirements of this section; 
‘‘(2) target resources and support to those 
schools in the State that are identified as a school in need of support or a high-priority school and to local educational agencies serving such schools, including additional re-sources necessary to implement the school improvement plan as described in subsection (b)(3)(C)(iv)(V); 
‘‘(3) provide support and technical assist-
ance, including assistance to school leaders, teachers, and other staff, to assist local edu-cational agencies and schools in using data to support school equity and in addressing the equity indicators described in section 1111(c)(1)(C); 
‘‘(4) identify school improvement strate-
gies that are consistently improving student outcomes and disseminate those strategies so that all schools can implement them; 
‘‘(5) leverage resources from other funding 
sources, such as school improvement funds, technology funds, and professional develop-ment funds to support school improvement activities; 
‘‘(6) provide a statewide system of support, 
including regional support services, to im-prove teaching, learning, and student out-comes; 
‘‘(7) assist local educational agencies in de-
veloping early warning indicator systems; 
‘‘(8) with respect to schools that will work 
with external partners to improve student achievement— 
‘‘(A) develop and apply objective criteria 
to potential external partners that are based on a demonstrated record of effectiveness in 
school improvement; 
‘‘(B) maintain an updated list of approved 
external partners across the State; 
‘‘(C) develop, implement, and publicly re-
port on standards and techniques for moni-toring the quality and effectiveness of the services offered by approved external part-ners, and for withdrawing approval from ex-ternal partners that fail to improve high-pri-ority schools; and 
‘‘(D) may identify external partners as ap-
proved, consistent with the requirements under paragraph (7), who agree to provide services on the basis of receiving payments only when student achievement has in-creased at an appropriate level as deter-mined by the State educational agency and school improvement team under subsection (b)(2); and 
‘‘(9) carry out administrative duties under 
this section, including providing monitoring and technical assistance to local educational agencies and schools. 
‘‘(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed— 
‘‘(1) to alter or otherwise affect the rights, 
remedies, and procedures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including ap-plicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agree-ments, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers; 
‘‘(2) to require a child to participate in an 
early learning program; or 
‘‘(3) to deny entry to kindergarten for any 
individual if the individual is legally eligi-ble, as defined by State or local law. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘external partner’ means an entity— 
‘‘(1) that is an organization such as a non-
profit organization, community-based orga-nization, local education fund, service orga-nization, educational service agency, or in-stitution of higher education; and 
‘‘(2) that has demonstrated expertise, effec-
tiveness, and a record of success in providing evidence-based strategies and targeted sup-port such as data analysis, professional de-velopment, or provision of nonacademic sup-port and integrated student services to local educational agencies, schools, or students that leads to improved teaching, learning, and outcomes for students.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, No Child 
Left Behind’s metrics are outdated and rigid. On that we agree. But H.R. 5 in its current form abandons provisions that are crucial to ensuring equal edu-cational opportunities for all of our Nation’s students. 
My amendment advances a more 
comprehensive and effective vision of accountability at the school district and State levels. 
This new language expects States to 
set college- and career-ready standards rather than to allow them to dumb down their standards in order to inflate their results. 
It also requires States to set per-
formance growth and graduation rate targets that ensure that schools im-prove every year for all subgroups, in-cluding for students with disabilities. One of the major deficiencies in H.R. 
5 and one of the reasons that all of the advocacy groups for students with learning disabilities oppose the bill is it effectively removes the account-ability we have for students with dis-abilities to ensure that they continue to learn. 
There is currently a 1 percent cap on 
the students with the most severe dis-
abilities who are not tested. H.R. 5 would eliminate the 1 percent cap on alternative assessments based on alter-native achievement standards and would remove it altogether, allowing, ultimately, schools and States to de-cide not to have any accountability for those students who need programs that meet their learning needs the most. 
b1700 
The Democratic substitute amend-
ment upholds our Nation’s civil rights and equity responsibilities to ensure that all students receive a high-quality education. 
It reinstates the 1 percent cap on al-
ternative assessments for students with disabilities. It makes sure that accountability is a meaningful word and takes meaningful steps toward get-ting accountability right, rather than allowing discrimination and bad choices to continue to result in an in-creasing achievement gap across our country. 
This amendment is also reflected in 
the Democratic substitute and would make sure that we have an account-ability system that prepares our stu-dents for the jobs and the workforce of the 21st century and to move on to higher education. 
Absent including this language or the 
Democratic substitute in the final pas-sage of the bill, the bill in its current form would be a step backward, a step to lower standards, a step to reduce ac-countability, and a step to allow defi-ciencies to be swept under the rug, as they once were. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. 
My daughters just completed third 
grade, and I strongly support higher standards for them and their genera-tion, but we need to set up our children to succeed, not fail. We need to stop federally mandated overtesting in our schools. 
This amendment would be a giant 
leap backwards for education reform. Rather than reforming the failed poli-cies of No Child Left Behind, this amendment embraces the most prob-lematic portions, continuing to obsess over federally mandated performance standards and using that to measure teacher performance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.034 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4924 July 8, 2015 
What is most insulting is that this 
proposal is so flawed that the sponsor needs to leverage Federal money to lure cash-strapped States to buy in be-cause the proposal doesn’t stand on its own merits. 
Our schools need greater flexibility 
and local control. This amendment would do the exact opposite, which is why I strongly oppose its passage and encourage all my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member on 
the committee. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, the present law only requires that States identify achievement gaps and prescribes exactly what has to be done to address the achievement gaps. 
Unfortunately, the one-size-fits-all 
prescription has often failed to effec-tively address the achievement gaps. The underlying bill goes overboard by eliminating any requirement that something gets done. The gentleman’s amendment reinstates the requirement that something be done, but directs the States to develop their own locally tai-lored response to achievement gaps. This approach is much more likely to be effective and will be part of the Democratic substitute that will be voted on shortly. 
Mr. Chairman, before we leave the 
bill, I would like to thank many mem-bers of our staff that have worked on this bill since January. They have spent days and nights and weekends working on the bill, and I would like to acknowledge them and their work today. 
Denise Forte, Jacque Chevalier, 
Christian Haines, Ashlyn Holeyfield, Arika Trim, Tina Hone, Tylease Alli, Kiara Pesante, and Brian Kennedy all worked very hard on this bill and de-serve significant recognition. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). 
Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. As a mayor and mainly as a mother—I have three children in public schools—I have found that the best solutions are found at the most local level. 
This amendment puts a larger foot-
print in the hands of the Federal Gov-ernment and gives more power to the Federal Government, instead of our local agencies. I believe that the best people to teach our students are the people at the local level. I trust teach-ers and parents to make decisions for students. 
I made a promise that I was going to 
do everything I can to put the decision-making back into the hands of people, not into the hands of the Federal Gov-ernment. I believe that this amend-ment actually puts it into the hands of the Federal Government and gives us a big step backwards. 
I believe that we, as people, when we 
are given more options, we can make better decisions; and when we make better decisions, we can do that at a 
local level and not at a Federal level. I ask that we vote against this amend-ment. I stand in opposition of this amendment. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I would like to 
inquire as to how much time remains. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Colorado has 1
3⁄4minutes remain-
ing. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2
3⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tlewoman from Utah talked about deci-sions and implementation at the local level. On that, we agree. What this amendment is about is accountability metrics under whether we look at those decisions that are made locally and driven locally and by the State work or don’t work. 
We want to allow the flexibility to 
get things right and close the achieve-ment gap but not the flexibility to con-tinue to ignore persistent gaps in our education system that continue to poorly serve too many low-income stu-dents and minority students. 
Given that my amendment is in-
cluded in its entirety in the Demo-cratic substitute upon which we will be voting, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 and part A of House Report 114–192 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendments printed in part B of 
House Report 114–29: 
Amendment No. 30 by Mr. Z
ELDIN of 
New York. 
Amendment No. 31 by Mr. H URD of 
Texas. 
Amendment No. 32 by Mr. G RAYSON  
of Florida. 
Amendment No. 33 by Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida. 
Amendment No. 35 by Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana. 
Amendment No. 39 by Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California. 
Amendment No. 40 by Mr. L OEBSACK  
of Iowa. 
Amendment No. 41 by Mr. P OLIS of 
Colorado. 
Amendment No. 43 by Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi. 
Amendments printed in part A of 
House Report 114–192: 
Amendment No. 46 by Mr. W ALKER of 
North Carolina. 
Amendment No. 47 by Mr. S ALMON of 
Arizona. 
And amendment No. 44 printed in part 
B of House Report 114–29 by Mr. S COTT 
of Virginia. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Z ELDIN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 373, noes 57, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 410] 
AYES—373 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill 
Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.093 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4925 July 8, 2015 
McClintock 
McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—57 
Beyer 
Blumenauer Brady (PA) Capps Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Cummings DeSaulnier Dingell Edwards Ellison Farr Fattah Foster Gallego Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Johnson (GA) Kildee Kuster Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
McCollum McDermott Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pingree Pocan 
Price (NC) Rangel Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schrader Sherman Sinema Sires Takai Takano Torres Van Hollen Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—3 
Culberson Deutch Lofgren 
b1743 
Messrs. GRIJALVA, M CDERMOTT, 
CUMMINGS, NEAL, TAKAI, and COHEN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. FUDGE, Messrs. GOHMERT, 
KEATING, HIGGINS, LABRADOR, AGUILAR, SWALWELL of California, Mlles. ESHOO, BASS, Messrs. CICILLINE, LANGEVIN, LEVIN, LEWIS, BERA, Mlles. MAXINE WATERS of California, VELA ´ZQUEZ, 
Mr. SERRANO, Mrs. BEATTY, Messrs. CROWLEY, NORCROSS, VARGAS, SCHAKOWSKY, CUELLAR, M
CGOVERN, BECERRA, TONKO, 
Mlles. SLAUGHTER, DUCKWORTH, and Mr. CONNOLLY changed their vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . HURD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 424, noes 2, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 411] 
AYES—424 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—2 
Conyers Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—7 
Buck Culberson Davis, Rodney Deutch 
Lieu, Ted Lofgren Stutzman 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1743 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.035 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4926 July 8, 2015 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chair, 
on rollcall No. 411, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair, during 
rollcall vote No. 411 on H.R. 5, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 199, noes 228, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 412] 
AYES—199 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent 
DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOES—228 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Culberson 
Deutch Griffith 
Lofgren Rogers (KY) 
Stivers ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1746 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
IL-
SON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 237, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 413] 
AYES—192 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.097 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4927 July 8, 2015 
Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Buck 
Culberson Deutch 
Lofgren ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1750 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
INDIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 245, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 414] 
AYES—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—2 
Culberson Lofgren 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.039 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4928 July 8, 2015 
b1754 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 239, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 415] 
AYES—191 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—3 
Culberson Lofgren Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. b1757 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 218, noes 213, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 416] 
AYES—218 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney (FL) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.103 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4929 July 8, 2015 
Simpson 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke 
NOES—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry 
Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—2 
Culberson Lofgren 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1801 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 205, noes 224, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 417] 
AYES—205 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOES—224 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson Huelskamp Hurt (VA) 
Lofgren 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1804 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.047 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4930 July 8, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF MISSISSIPPI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 241, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 418] 
AYES—189 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—3 
Culberson Lofgren Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1808 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 235, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 419] 
AYES—195 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—235 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty 
Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.110 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4931 July 8, 2015 
Bost 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cuellar Culberson Lofgren 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1811 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
419, I mistakenly voted ‘‘no’’ on the Walker Amendment. I should have and would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
419, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . SALMON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
ALMON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 251, noes 178, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 420] 
AYES—251 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires 
Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—178 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson Israel Lofgren 
Smith (NE) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1814 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.050 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4932 July 8, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
420, I mistakenly voted ‘‘no’’ on the Salmon Amendment. I meant to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 244, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 421] 
AYES—187 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman SchultzWaters, 
Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—2 
Culberson Lofgren 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1819 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
further amendments under the rule, the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. Y ODER , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public edu-cation, protect State and local author-ity, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 125, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-
tion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. ESTY. I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Esty moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
5 to the Committee on Education and the Workforce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Page 25, after line 14, insert the following: 
‘‘(F) G
UARANTEEING EDUCATIONAL OPPORTU -
NITIES FOR CHILDREN WITH DISABILITIES , IN-
CLUDING STUDENTS WITH AUTISM , DOWN SYN -
DROME , AND OTHER DISABILITIES .—Each State 
plan shall demonstrate that the development and adoption of the academic content stand-ards and academic achievement standards under this paragraph does not— 
‘‘(i) result in lower academic standards for 
children with disabilities than the standards adopted for students without disabilities; 
‘‘(ii) deny students with disabilities, in-
cluding students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, access to a regular secondary school diploma; 
‘‘(iii) deny any parent the right to give in-
formed consent before determining whether to apply alternate achievement standards to the assessment of his or her child or any rel-evant information needed to make such de-termination; 
‘‘(iv) otherwise lower expectations or aca-
demic achievement for students with disabil-ities, including students with the most sig-nificant cognitive disabilities; or 
‘‘(v) deny educational opportunities for 
students or any subgroup of students de-scribed in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(II), includ-ing racial and ethnic minority students who are identified for special education services at a rate disproportionately higher than their peers.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.053 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4933 July 8, 2015 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 802. PROTECTING CHILDREN WITH DISABIL-
ITIES FROM ABUSIVE SECLUSION AND RESTRAINT PRACTICES. 
(a) P URPOSE .— The purpose of this section 
is to ensure a safe learning environment and to protect each elementary and secondary school student from physical or mental abuse, aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety, or any physical restraint or seclusion when there is no imminent threat of physical in-jury or in a manner otherwise inconsistent with the purposes of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (21 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
(b) R
EGULATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall promulgate regulations providing, at minimum, that school personnel shall be prohibited from im-posing on any elementary or secondary school student the following: 
(1) Mechanical restraints. (2) Chemical restraints. (3) Physical restraint or physical escort 
that restricts breathing. 
(4) Aversive behavioral interventions that 
compromise health and safety such as exces-sive pain, use of heat or cold, spraying bleach infused water in faces, and depriving students of food and bathroom access for hours on end. 
Ms. ESTY (during the reading). Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Connecticut? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a 
point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The gentlewoman from Connecticut 
is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, this is the 
final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with seri-
ous concerns. 
Today, we are voting on a bill that 
guts education funding; fails to provide adequate support for our hard-working teachers; and turns our back on our schools, our communities, and our chil-dren. 
Mr. Speaker, today, we are not fixing 
No Child Left Behind, which has long needed to be fixed, but instead, we are moving in the wrong direction. As a room parent, as a PTA mom, I strongly believe that every child deserves the opportunity for a quality education, and every child deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. 
The amendment I am offering today 
provides us the opportunity to live up to those goals. My amendment would guarantee continued funding for the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act, known as IDEA. 
Just today, I met with school super-
intendents from Connecticut who em-phasize the critical role of Federal funding for IDEA, which provides im-portant support for students with au-tism and cognitive disabilities, and my amendment would protect children 
with disabilities from abusive seclusion and restraint practices. 
Last year, I met with a group of stu-
dents from the FOCUS Center for Au-tism in Canton, Connecticut, in my dis-trict. They were incredible students, who bravely advocated for themselves and bluntly talked about the chal-lenges they face in the classroom. 
According to the Centers for Disease 
Control, 1 in 68 American children is now on the autism spectrum, a tenfold increase in the last 40 years. In Con-necticut, too many students, particu-larly students who are on the autism spectrum, face unnecessary and dan-gerous seclusion and restraint. 
According to the Connecticut State 
Department of Education and the Of-fice of the Child Advocate, there were 35,000 incidents of children being re-strained or placed in seclusion last school year. Over 80 percent of these children were boys; the majority of them children of color, many of them were in elementary school—even as young as preschool—and many of them were on the autism spectrum. 
Earlier this year, the Office of the 
Child Advocate in Connecticut released a report showing that, in the last 3 years, more than 1,300 Connecticut schoolchildren were injured during such restraint or seclusion. Nation-wide, the nonpartisan Government Ac-countability Office found hundreds of cases of alleged child abuse, including at least 20, that is 20 deaths of children related to the use of these harmful methods during the last two decades. 
These stories are truly horrific: a 7- 
year-old dying after being held face down for hours by school staff, 5-year- olds with broken arms and bloody noses after being tied to chairs with bungee cords and duct tape by their teacher, and a 13-year-old who hung himself in the seclusion room after prolonged confinement. 
This is absolutely unacceptable. 
While Congress surely should not micromanage discipline in local schools, we should—we should—step up to set standards to ensure that all our children are safe, and we should fully fund IDEA to ensure support for all 
children with disabilities. 
Now, let me be clear. Many teachers 
do an outstanding job in what can often be a challenging classroom envi-ronment. Having children with disabil-ities in the classroom can be a reward-ing experience for the child and for their classmates. 
Children with learning disabilities 
will learn and excel with the right sup-port. It is just not acceptable to say that we don’t have enough time or enough money to provide that support. 
Today, let’s fully fund IDEA, support 
special education and services for all children with disabilities, and restrict the dangerous practices of seclusion and restraint. We can do better; we must do better for our children. 
I ask all House Members to join me 
to vote for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw 
my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, we know 
this is a procedural attempt, a usual procedural attempt, at the eleventh hour to derail this legislation. It is un-fortunate because the American people have waited long enough for Congress to fix the problems plaguing our ele-mentary and secondary education sys-tem. 
My colleagues, because it has been 
months since we have debated the un-derlying bill and the challenge we face, I want to remind my colleagues of what is at stake here. 
It has been more than 7 years since 
No Child Left Behind expired—7 years. That means, for 7 years, this Congress has failed to meet its basic responsi-bility to replace the law. Each year we fail to act is another year States are tied to flawed policies and students are trapped in failing schools. No Child Left Behind continues as the law. 
Education is a deeply personal issue 
for many Americans. It is a topic dis-cussed around kitchen tables, whether it is a child’s report card, a change tak-ing place in a local school district, or perhaps even policy changes being de-bated by Federal officials. 
We were reminded of this reality just 
a few months ago. 
b1830 
In February, we were making 
progress in advancing the Student Suc-cess Act, and we witnessed just how frustrated the American people are with the Federal role in K–12 education and how that frustration has grown worse under this administration. 
Rather than work with Congress to 
replace the law, the Obama administra-tion has spent years imposing its agen-da on schools through pet projects and conditional waivers. 
Just listen to the national debate 
raging over Common Core and you will quickly learn about the backlash against the Federal Government that has taken place under this administra-tion. 
Because of this administration’s un-
precedented overreach, public anxiety and opposition to Federal intrusion is greater than it has ever been. The sim-ple fact that Congress was considering changes to the law led countless indi-viduals to speak out and raise con-cerns. 
Unfortunately, some of those con-
cerns were based on misinformation, but they ultimately stem from a strong skepticism about the Federal role in education, a skepticism that I and many others share. 
Teachers, principals, parents, and 
education leaders desperately want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.055 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4934 July 8, 2015 
Congress to replace No Child Left Be-
hind, but they are not just concerned with getting rid of a bad law, they also deeply care about what replaces it. The public response we witnessed earlier this year made that clear. We are here today because we are listening to the American people. 
The Student Success Act is a strong 
proposal to replace No Child Left Be-hind. It would eliminate dozens of inef-fective and duplicative programs, re-peal Federal mandates dictating State spending, teacher quality, account-ability, and school improvement, and provide parents vital support to hold schools accountable and rescue chil-dren from underperforming schools. 
Throughout this legislative process, 
we have adopted bipartisan improve-ments to the bill, thanks to the work of both Republican and Democrat Members. Now it is time to move for-ward. 
We have an urgent responsibility to 
replace a flawed law with bold solu-tions that will help provide every child in every school an excellent education. That responsibility grows more urgent each day. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the motion to recommit and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Student Success Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on the passage of the bill, if or-dered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 185, noes 244, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 422] 
AYES—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Culberson 
Gutie´rrez Lofgren 
Sherman 
b1838 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
422, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 218, noes 213, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 423] 
AYES—218 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.121 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4935 July 8, 2015 
Kinzinger (IL) 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—213 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
NOT VOTING—3 
Culberson Lofgren Sherman 
b1848 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama changed his 
vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
423, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2822. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. 
b1855 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  
(Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) had 
been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 132, line 24. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in sec-tion 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and In-tegrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ and such dis-position is listed as ‘‘willful’’ or ‘‘repeated’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, before 
I discuss my amendment, which is to prevent wage theft from violators who commit acts that are repeated and willful and to stop such actors from partaking of Federal procurement in this bill, I would like to set the table just a little bit. 
In 1980, Mr. Chair, CEO-to-worker 
pay ratio for Fortune 500 companies was 20 to 1. Today it is 204 to 1, accord-ing to Bloomberg. At the same time, the buying power of the minimum wage is now less than it was in the 1960s. 
The Economic Policy Institute found 
that, in total, the average low-wage worker loses a stunning $2,634 per year in unpaid wages, representing about 15 percent of their earned income. It is particularly egregious in the fast-food sector. A recent study by Hart Re-search of fast-food workers found that about 89 percent reported some form of wage theft. 
Lastly, in this case, I would like to 
point out, Mr. Chair, that the recent report by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the U.S. Senate revealed that 32 percent of the largest Department of Labor pen-alties for wage theft were levied against Federal contractors. 
As I bring this amendment before the 
body today, Mr. Chairman, it is simply to recognize that the hard work and 
the work that workers do who work for Federal contractors must be recog-nized. We are not debating today over increasing or decreasing the minimum wage. We are just saying the people who work hard ought to get the money that they earned. 
I would hope that everyone in this 
body would be willing to say wage theft is not okay. No hard-working Amer-ican should ever have to worry that her employer will refuse to pay her when she works overtime or take money out of her paycheck, especially if she works for a Federal contractor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.062 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4936 July 8, 2015 
This practice, as I mentioned al-
ready, is called wage theft. Right now, Federal contractors who violate the Fair Labor Standards Act are still al-lowed to apply for Federal contracts. 
b1900 
This amendment seeks to ensure that 
funds may not be used to enter into a contract with a government contractor that willfully or repeatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act—will-fully or repeatedly. 
It is important, Mr. Chairman, to 
point out that it is not easy to get a violation. You have got to work at it. 
There is a database called the 
FAPISS database, to begin with, in which contractors have to report all their violations. Just because a wage and hour complaint comes to your door, it doesn’t necessarily mean you get a violation. In order to get a viola-tion in the database, you have to have a criminal conviction, a civil pro-ceeding with a finding of fault, or an administrative proceeding with a find-ing of fault or a penalty of $5,000 or more or damages of $100,000 or more. You have got to really work at it. In other words, if you are found to owe back wages and you agree to pay them, there is not going to be a case for you to have to report. 
This amendment ensures that those 
in violation of the law do not get tax-payer support. And we should reward good actors. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. The amendment 
doesn’t recognize the suspension and debarment process that is already in place for Federal contractors. It does not provide exceptions for critical, ur-gent, or compelling needs or allow for the consideration of mitigating factors. 
I am concerned that this amendment 
would impose strict legal triggers and take away the ability for Federal agen-cies to investigate and determine ap-propriate remedies. I am also con-cerned that it would deny the due proc-ess that the current suspension and de-barment system provides. And finally, this is an issue that should be thor-oughly vetted through the authoriza-tion process, not through the appro-priation process. 
I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ELLISON. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
support of the amendment from the gentleman from Minnesota. 
Every worker is entitled to receive 
pay for the hours they work; however, there are employers that refuse to pay for overtime, make their employees work off the clock, or refuse to pay minimum wage. At the very least, we 
should take steps to ensure that these employers don’t receive new Federal contracts. 
This amendment would ensure that 
lawbreaking contractors don’t get re-warded for stealing from their employ-ees. 
I support this amendment, and I ask 
for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. CALVERT. I would just, again, 
oppose this amendment. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ELLISON. Members, this has 
nothing to do with debarment. Debar-ment is a quasi-judicial process in which evidence is gathered and findings are made. This is saying that, after somebody has been found to engage in repeated and willful violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, such per-sons are not the kind of people we want to reward through our procurement system. This is totally different from debarment. 
What it is really saying is it reflects 
our values as a body and reflects our value of the dignity of work and that a dollar earned is a dollar that must be paid. And we should never be the kind of body that says: ‘‘Commit willful vio-lations all you want; take workers’ money away; you can still get another contract if you please.’’ That is not the kind of body that we are, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
STUDY  
SEC. ll. Of the amounts made available 
by this Act to pay retention bonuses to Sen-ior Executive Service personnel at the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, not more than $50,000 shall be made available to be used by the Department of the Interior to conduct a study on whether Agricola Americus 
should be classified as an endangered species. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, my amendment 
appropriates up to $50,000 from the re-tention bonuses of Senior Executive Service personnel at the EPA to con-duct a study of whether Agricola Americus, the American farmer, should be classified as an endangered species. 
This money should be used to deter-
mine whether there is crucial habitat that is essential for the conservation of the species and acting in accordance with 16 U.S.C. chapter 35 if such a find-ing is made. 
The Federal Government is no 
stranger to using its regulatory powers to interfere in important national issues, so it came as a surprise when I discovered that the Federal Govern-ment had overlooked the most endan-gered species in America. 
The Fish and Wildlife Service has 
been so thorough in designating ani-mals as endangered all around farms, but for some reason hasn’t seen the plight of the American farmer. 
Paul Harvey recognized, in 1978, that 
God made Agricola Americus with a unique set of characteristics essential to our Nation, so I am troubled that the number of farmers in America has steadily declined over the last six dec-ades. 
Not only has the number of American 
farmers shrunk, but so has the number of farms. Those lost have mainly been family farms, passed down through generations of hard work and built up with years of sweat equity. They have faced numerous manmade obstacles that interfere with their environment and encroach on their natural terri-tory. They have been subject to the ravages of wolves released by the very agency that should be tasked with pro-tecting this essential American spe-cies. 
Yet the Department of the Interior 
does not have a monopoly on society’s invasion of the American farmer and the habitat. Family farms have been destroyed by the death tax, regulated out of business by FDA and EPA man-dates, and forced to dump crops by out-dated government programs that even now are being struck down by the Su-preme Court. 
How much more of this regulatory 
onslaught can the Agricola Americus take before we recognize the harm of our actions and work to make sure that we are not complicit in its dis-appearance? We cannot leave the farm-er alone in the eye of this regulatory storm. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
make a point of order against the amendment because it provides an ap-propriation for an unauthorized pro-gram and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. Clause 2 of rule XXI states in pertinent part: 
‘‘An appropriation may not be in 
order as an amendment for an expendi-ture not previously authorized by law.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.127 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4937 July 8, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, the amendment pro-
poses to appropriate funds. The amend-ment, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel or any other enti-ty to negotiate or conclude a settlement with the Federal Government that includes terms requiring the defendant to donate or contribute funds to an organization or indi-vidual. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, my amendment 
bars the EPA and the Department of the Interior and any of its agencies from requiring mandatory donations to third-party groups as part of any set-tlement agreements the agencies enter into. 
In agencies across the government, 
settlement funds are being funneled to third-party groups, contravening con-gressional budget authority. A recent investigation by the House Judiciary and Financial Services Committees found as much as half a billion dollars had been diverted by the Department of Justice to third parties as a result of these settlements in the past year. This is inexcusable, and it is not unique to the Department of Justice. 
The Department of the Interior, the 
Environmental Protection Agency, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service rou-tinely sue and then enter into settle-ments with businesses and individuals who are then forced to make donations to third-party groups. 
This is all made possible because 
community service is expressly allowed as a condition of probation by the United States Criminal Code. In addi-tion, the United States sentencing guidelines allow community service where it is reasonably designed to re-pair the harm caused by the offense. This results in settlement funds being directed to supposed ‘‘community serv-ice’’ groups. This is a practice that must be brought to an end. 
As Thomas Jefferson once wrote: 
To compel a man to furnish contributions 
of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and 
tyrannical. 
In this case, businesses and individ-
uals are being sued by the government for violating environmental regula-tions, and then as part of the settle-ment, they have to make payments to the environmental organizations that engage in advocacy supporting the reg-ulations. This power grab is abhorrent. 
Please support my amendment and 
stop these agencies from funneling court settlement funds to radical envi-ronmentalists. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. The fact is that this 
is a very broadly written amendment that would prevent the Federal Gov-ernment from requiring polluters to pay for cleanup costs. Specifically, I would point out that the EPA is in-volved in numerous consent decree ne-gotiations that result in payments to the Federal Government by responsible parties. 
The ability of the Federal Govern-
ment to recoup these funds from pol-luters is an essential part of maintain-ing good environmental policy and pro-
tecting public health and protecting taxpayers, not polluters. For example, some Superfund sites that the EPA may spend Superfund trust moneys up front to initiate the cleanup of a poten-tial responsible party are not yet iden-tified or the cleanup order or settle-ment agreement with the identified parties is not yet finalized. 
In the event that the EPA does ex-
pend Superfund moneys at a site with veritable parties, reimbursements may be included in the terms of any settle-ment agreement that may be entered into with the parties. However, this amendment would prevent the EPA from receiving such reimbursements from the responsible parties in such an instance. 
There are also times when defendants 
in settlement negotiations seek pay-ments to third parties rather than the Federal Government. One such example is the settlement negotiations that fol-lowed the catastrophe at the Deep-water Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mex-ico. 
As part of the criminal settlements 
that BP and Transocean reached with the Federal Government, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, a con-gressionally chartered nonprofit, re-ceived the funds to undertake the projects to help remedy the harm that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico—some-thing I would agree all needed to hap-pen—yet under this amendment, those payments would have been prohibited. It would be completely irresponsible. 
This amendment is bad for the tax-
payer, bad for public policy, and very bad for the environment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. I yield back the balance 
of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, once 
again, voting for this amendment and having it move forward would be com-pletely irresponsible. This amendment is bad public policy, bad for environ-ment, and it is bad for the taxpayer. I urge defeat of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay a Federal em-ployee for any period of time during which such employee is using official time under section 7131 of title 5, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, my amendment 
would prohibit paying any Federal em-ployee for the time spent not working for the taxpayers but working for a third party, a labor union. This prac-tice is known as ‘‘official time.’’ 
b1915 
Unlike any other type of third-party 
organization, labor unions have been granted the privilege of being able to have taxpayer-funded employees do their business on duty time, instead of doing the taxpayers’ work. 
Like any other type of private enti-
ty, labor unions should pay for their own employees to work for them. The taxpayers should not be picking up the tab for this practice. 
According to the U.S. Office of Per-
sonnel Management, this practice costs taxpayers approximately $156 million per year. That is assuming that the agencies are correctly reporting the amounts spent, and there have been in-dications that this number actually underreports the total cost. 
In some instances, we are not talking 
about just a few minutes here and there for an agency employee who is a union official to confer with manage-ment about a workplace issue. Some-times, the agency employee is actually working full time for the labor union, all the while being paid by the tax-payers for this union work. 
For instance, the IRS has more than 
200 employees working full time for labor unions; the VA has over 250 em-ployees working full time for labor unions—this at a time when there is a significant backlog of cases to be proc-essed. 
One of these employees doesn’t even 
work in a VA facility but, instead, works remotely from a private office in D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.131 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4938 July 8, 2015 
The EPA, while not having as many 
personnel on full-time official time as some agencies, still pays over $1.6 mil-lion just for those personnel who are working full time for their union. 
Some agencies, such as the Depart-
ment of Transportation, have numer-ous employees making over $170,000 per year, while working full time for the union. This is more than almost all Federal employees make, higher than the salaries of many Senate-confirmed Assistant Secretaries. 
My amendment would not prohibit 
this practice, but would make certain that the right party pays for this work, the labor union. It is not right to force our taxpayers to pay the bill to sub-sidize these private organizations any more than it would be right to force them to subsidize other private organi-zations such as the National Rifle As-sociation or the Sierra Club. 
Like any business, labor unions 
should pay the cost for their own em-ployees, not taxpayers. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
strong opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment clearly would serve no pur-pose but to erode collective bargaining rights for civil service employees and may violate collective bargaining agreements negotiated between work-ers and these agencies. 
Federal unions are legally required 
to provide representation to all mem-bers of bargaining units, whether or 
not those workers elect to pay vol-untary union dues. Representation for employees working their way through the administrative procedures is a cost-effective process for adminis-trating and adjudicating agency poli-cies. 
The alternative for official time is 
for the government agencies to pay for costly third-party attorney and arbi-tration fees. Eliminating official time would increase costs, and it would in-crease more time and effort for agen-cies to work out any conflicts with em-ployees. That drives up the cost for taxpayers. 
Official time is essential to main-
taining workplace safety. Union rep-resentation uses official time to set procedures to protect employees from on-the-job hazards. Official time is used to allow employees to participate in work groups with management teams to improve the process and im-prove performance outcomes. 
Under current law, official time may 
not be used to solicit membership, may not be used to conduct internal union meetings, may not be used to elect union officers, may not be used to en-gage in any partisan activities, and the notion that official time is used for any of these purposes is false. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, once 
again, this amendment would serve no purpose but to erode the collective bar-gaining rights of civil service Federal employees, hard-working Americans. 
For that reason, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) for the pur-
pose of a colloquy. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Chair, I 
would like to commend Chairman C AL-
VERT , Ranking Member M CCOLLUM , and 
the Appropriations Committee staff for their efforts in bringing this important bill to the floor. 
I would also like to congratulate 
Chairman C
ALVERT on his leadership in 
overseeing this measure and his contin-ued success as chairman of the sub-committee. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
highlight just a small portion of the needs and shortfalls that the terri-tories are facing. In particular, I want to bring to your attention some of the funding issues facing American Samoa. 
Each year, the Office of Insular Af-
fairs provides grant funds to American Samoa for the operation of local gov-ernment, including the judiciary, De-partment of Education, and the local hospital. The purpose of this program is to fund the difference between budg-et needs and local revenues. 
Mr. Chairman, the world has changed 
much since the inception of this pro-gram to assist American Samoa gov-ernment operations, and additional needs have arisen. 
Local revenues have remained rel-
atively constant; the infrastructure has become dated and in disrepair, and outside influences, particularly China, have begun to make inroads into the region with the development of a port in the neighboring independent Samoa and future plans for a naval base in the same area. 
We have also seen a dramatic spike 
in world conflict since the inception of the program. This increased military activity by both friendly and hostile nations has simultaneously created the need for increased border security, an element severely lacking in American Samoa and one not funded under the 
current parameters of the program. 
American Samoa is also facing severe 
infrastructure deficiency, which has caused undue hardship to both our peo-ple and businesses that rely upon our roads, airport, and port. 
In fact, the recent decision by the 
NOAA National Weather Service to ter-minate weather observation service in American Samoa, which our local air-port relies upon for flight operations, has prompted the need for the con-struction of a tower at Pago Pago International Airport. This facility would serve as a standard control tower and would also contain the weather monitoring service after NOAA ceases operations in American Samoa. 
Mr. Chairman, my home district was 
devastated by a tsunami on September 29, 2009, that killed many of our people. I was there at the time. If it hadn’t been for the fact that I had a scheduled meeting at that very time and was al-ready awake, I could have been killed by the wave. We lost our tuna cannery the day after the tsunami, which was half of our private sector employment. 
We also are suffering from the pro-
longed recession here in the States and suffered another setback with the re-cent longshoremen’s strike that ex-posed just how dependent we are on outside resources. 
Chairman C
ALVERT , I encourage the 
committee that, when considering funding levels for the territories, to keep in mind our economic and geo-
graphic isolation and the extreme dis-parity in opportunities for growth be-tween these regions and the States. 
Mr. Chairman, I look forward to 
working with the committee to in-crease funding for the territories which will help alleviate the many issues we are facing. 
Mr. CALVERT. As someone who has 
always had the utmost respect for our fellow countrymen from the terri-tories, I look forward to working with the gentlewoman from American Samoa, and I want to thank her for her efforts to inform the committee on the issues of the insular areas. 
I am well aware of just how dedicated 
to our country the people of American Samoa are, as displayed by their ex-tremely high rate of enlistment in our Nation’s Armed Forces. 
Your membership in this body is 
highly valued, and the appointment as vice chairman of the Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs Sub-committee as a first-term member is a testament to the perspective and lead-ership you bring to Congress. 
Through your leadership, your people 
are well respected and have found themselves a champion for their cause. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. At a time when 
we are faced with the need to reduce funding in many areas of government, I thank the committee for preserving the budgetary assistance to American Samoa. 
I want to thank the chairman for his 
kind words and continued leadership, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.135 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4939 July 8, 2015 
and I look forward to working with 
him to ensure that the territories are given the same opportunity as the States. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this act may be used to regulate the loca-tion of the placement of a monitor of pollut-ants under the clean air act in any county provided such county has at least one mon-itor. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, 
right now, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency makes the determination whether a county is what they call a nonattainment zone based on readings, the amount of ozone that various mon-itors come up with. If you are a non-attainment zone, it results in problems for both individuals and business. 
Individuals in counties in my area 
have two problems. First of all, if you are nonattainment, you might have to have gasoline that is probably a little bit inferior in quality, as well as more expensive. 
I always think the price of gasoline is 
an important thing because it doesn’t matter; either wealthy or poor, it is something you have to be able to af-ford. If you are knocking up your price of gasoline by 5 or 10 cents a year, that can be a very damaging thing for some-one who doesn’t have that great a sal-ary. 
Secondly, if you are a nonattainment 
zone, every car has to be checked for emissions. Maybe there are some wealthy environmentalists that it is no big deal—if their car fails the emis-sions test, they can afford to spend an-other $900 on a catalytic converter or something wildly more expensive. For somebody not well off, it maybe puts you in a position which you have to buy a whole new car. 
It is another problem for businesses. 
Manufacturing is very important to this country. If you crack down on a business and say that you have to do different things to affect the amount of ozone that may be emitted from your factory, it can be very cost prohibitive and put American business at a com-petitive disadvantage. 
These determinations are made by 
air monitors. In every county, the amount of ozone that is detected by these monitors may vary greatly from one part of the county to another part of the county. 
It is our opinion that sometimes in 
the past, in my district, if you put an air monitor right on Lake Michigan, 
due to the effect the sun has on the water, you might get disproportion-ately high readings and wind up having to put your individuals and businesses in a situation which they are in non-attainment. 
This is particularly onerous because, 
sometimes, whether or not you have a high ozone rating or not has nothing whatsoever to do with anything that is going on within your county. 
My district, for example, is maybe 70 
miles from Chicago, where most of the pollutants come from; so here you are, stuck trying to make your air cleaner and cleaner, and there is very little you can do to affect it anyway. 
In any event, it seems fair that you 
should be able to put an air monitor anywhere within that county. You shouldn’t have a situation in which, in the past, an air monitor was placed at an area where you got a disproportion-ately high reading. 
The purpose of this amendment is to 
say that the Environmental Protection Agency, that I am sure has a budget tight as a drum, should not have to waste any time worrying about where that air monitor is and where we are determining whether or not we have an ozone problem in a county. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
b1930 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin would prohibit funds for reg-ulating the location of air monitors in counties. 
The Clean Air Act requires every 
State to establish a network of air monitoring stations for criteria pollut-ants, using criteria set by the EPA for their location and operation. 
EPA’s ambient air monitoring net-
work assessment guidance provides States and counties with information about the assessment of technical as-pects of ambient air monitoring net-works. The guidance is designed to be flexible and expandable. It does not dictate specific locations for placement for air monitors. 
The amendment would block EPA 
oversight of air quality monitoring, making possible a scenario in which counties could game the system by lo-cating monitors in places that show the lowest amount of pollution rather than where they get the best represent-ative data. 
Let us look no further than today’s 
paper to understand why we need to en-sure the proper collection of air quality data. 
A headline in the Wisconsin Ag Con-
nection reads: Canadian Wildfires Prompt State to Issue Air Quality No-tice. 
The article reports that the Depart-
ment of Natural Resources has issued an air quality notice for all 72 Wis-
consin counties this week. State air quality monitors are recording ele-
vated concentrations of fine particles at several locations around the State, particularly across northern and west-ern Wisconsin. 
And some sites are recording values 
in the ‘‘unhealthy for sensitive’’ cat-egory, which includes children, elderly people, individuals with respiratory and cardiac problems, and people en-gaged in strenuous activities for pro-longed periods of time. 
This amendment would stop a trans-
parent, science-based process to locate monitors where they will provide the most useful information about air quality. 
Mr. Chairman, I don’t think it is ap-
propriate to dictate a nationwide mor-atorium on air quality monitoring in response to what appears to be a local issue perhaps in the gentleman’s State of Wisconsin. 
This amendment is harmful to local 
governments that depend on EPA’s technical expertise when determining the best location for an air monitor placement. I urge my colleagues to op-pose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, first of 
all, the gentlewoman from Maine makes a point not about this amend-ment specifically, but about the over-all program. 
And that is you have a situation 
right now in which, apparently, the De-partment of Natural Resources is mak-ing a determination that we have un-safe air based upon fires that are hun-dreds of miles away that the local peo-ple can’t do anything about. 
Secondly, the gentlewoman says it is 
tying the hands of local units of gov-ernment. That is not true. Under this amendment, the local units of govern-ment have more flexibility. 
The question is can the Federal Gov-
ernment tie the hands of local units of government, which they shouldn’t be able to do. 
So it is a good amendment. I think it 
is something that is going to, in the long term, benefit American business and, even more, benefit American indi-viduals, particularly poor people, who don’t have a lot of extra money, are stuck spending a lot more money on their cars because of determinations made by Federal bureaucrats in far- away cities who probably have enough money to be able to afford to deal with these problems anyway. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I will just 
reiterate the points I made before and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.136 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4940 July 8, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR OIL AND GAS  
LEASE SALE 260 IN LEASING PROGRAM  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for oil and gas lease sale 260 included in the Draft Proposed Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Leasing Program for 2017–2022 (DPP), or in any subse-quent proposed or final iteration of such Pro-gram. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
utter respect for my colleague from California and his colleagues and the Interior bill that they created and all the good that it does. 
This is, in essence, just a very small 
refining amendment that, as was de-scribed in the reading, would simply prohibit the Department of the Interior from moving forward on sales within block 260. I think that this is impor-tant for a number of different reasons that I will enumerate. 
But I want to be clear. This is not an 
amendment about a belief in there being dangers with regard to tech-nology that is used and employed off-shore. I have been quite impressed in all the studies I have done in the tech-nological advancements that have taken place. 
Nor is it an amendment about the be-
lief that we shouldn’t be using fossil fuels. I think that fossil fuels are very important in the mix with regard to energy independence in this country. 
What this amendment is simply 
about is the age-old notion that Wash-ington doesn’t always know best, that the Founding Fathers were really de-liberate in their belief in this notion of Federalism; that they divided power not only laterally, but vertically; that there was a Federal Government, but there was also a State and a local gov-ernment; and those municipalities or those States should have a voice, too. 
It is about recognizing that there is a 
difference between comment and con-trol. And what municipalities, what people back home in South Carolina along the coast, are saying is: We want to have more than just a comment. We want to have control over our destiny in the way that the coast develops. 
For that reason, nine communities in 
my district alone as well as 65 commu-nities up and down the eastern sea-board have added comments, saying: We want to push the pause button here. And, indeed, that is all this amend-
ment does. It says: Let’s pause so that we can do a cost-benefit analysis going forward. I think that this is important, given the large context. 
You know, we are talking about 4 
percent of the oil reserves within the Continental U.S. We are talking about a 5-month supply. These communities are saying a 5-month supply versus a lifetime impact in a place like Saint Helena Sound. 
If you look at the ACE Basin, it has 
been nationally recognized as a treas-ure. It is about 250,000 acres on the coast of South Carolina. The Federal Government put a lot of money into preserving it, as did State and private interests. 
And what people are saying is: Given 
the amount of industrialization that has to take place to support the off-shore rigs, do you bring those pipes and that supply in through a place like Saint Helena Sound? 
Again, what people have said along 
the coast of South Carolina is: Let’s pause and reflect on that. And that is what this amendment does. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I must rise 
in reluctant opposition to this amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is the mirror opposite, as the gentleman knows, of the Hudson amendment that is currently pending via a rollcall vote. 
The Hudson amendment would allow 
lease 260 to move forward under the De-partment of the Interior’s next 5-year offshore leasing plan for 2017 through 2022. 
The Sanford amendment would pre-
vent lease 260 from moving forward under the next 5-year plan. And given the competing amendments, I must op-pose this amendment, since we accept-ed the other amendment last night. 
So I would ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, again, I 
respect the Solomon’s wisdom that would be required by the chairman and others on the committee in dividing the different interests, and that is why I think the Founding Fathers had it right. 
They said that, ultimately, nobody in 
Washington can have Solomon’s wis-dom when you talk about local per-spective and local interests, that there was a real value to local voice, those nine communities. 
If you think about Saint Helena 
Sound as the example that I just cited, the little town south of there, Beau-fort, drew up a resolution, and the county and the city council moved for-ward, saying: We don’t want to move forward with this. 
The little town to the east, Edisto 
Beach, moved forward with the resolu-tion citing the same. The larger town 
to the north, Charleston, did the same. 
Those local inputs, those local peo-
ple, have said: We have seen what might or might not come here. We think it is worthy of a pause. Again, that is all this amendment does. 
It doesn’t say: We will forever not 
have offshore drilling in sale 260. 
What it says is: For the next 5 years, 
why don’t we allow for more public input and more voice, given the fact that there are lifetime impacts and really long-lasting impacts in certain pristine and/or developed areas along the coast of South Carolina or other coastal areas along the block of 260. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I will just 
restate my opposition to this amend-ment. And I would hope that the gen-tleman could work with his colleagues in South Carolina and work all this out. But I must oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SANFORD. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Maine. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I just 
wanted to rise in support of the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina. 
I was here last night and had a 
chance to speak against the Hudson amendment for the very reasons that he is articulating. 
Coming from Maine and being from a 
State where people take very seriously our waterfronts, our fisheries, our live-lihood that we make on the water, there are deep concerns about the chal-lenges that might come up with oil and gas leases. 
And I think everyone in many coast-
al States wants to just make sure we go through the most thorough process possible. So I heartily support the con-cerns that he is raising, and I support this amendment. 
Mr. SANFORD. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, there are 
many of us here in Congress who want to build a better America, a stronger America, a healthier America. And there are many of us here who are will-ing to work and fight to move our country in that direction forward, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.139 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4941 July 8, 2015 
which is the direction the American 
people want to go. 
For most Americans, for families and 
communities all across this country, protecting the air we breathe and the water we drink is an essential role of government. The American people ex-pect Congress to protect the public’s health from polluters who are all too willing to reap larger and larger profits as they pump poison into our air and water. 
We hear all too often the cries of 
‘‘burdensome regulation’’ from those who defend the polluters. But rarely do we hear the cries of ‘‘burdensome asth-ma’’ or ‘‘burdensome cancer’’ from av-erage Americans who all too often suf-fer in silence when they are sick be-cause the air, water, or land they need has been poisoned. 
My Republican colleagues are very 
content to cut funding and place riders on the enforcement of environmental standards to make life easier for the polluters. 
But what about the families and the 
communities put at risk? What about the children who are at risk because avoiding environmental regulations to pump up profits is more important than public health? 
The role of the Environmental Pro-
tection Agency is to protect the public, to protect our health, to protect our water, to protect our air, to protect our land from polluters who are all too willing to cut corners, enabling them to reap larger profits. 
Investing in environmental regula-
tion to protect the American people is a government function that is not bur-densome. It is essential. 
b1945 
We should all want to protect the 
public’s health and the vital role that the Environmental Protection Agency plays on behalf of the American people, but this bill fails to protect the Amer-ican people. It fails to protect the public’s health, and it fails to provide the tools necessary to hold polluters accountable for poisoning our air, our water, and our land. If this bill ever finds its way to the President’s desk, President Obama will veto it. 
Mr. Chairman, this is an important 
bill, and the investments we make to-gether in this Interior-Environmental Appropriations bill speak to our values as a nation. We are the stewards of a bounty of resources, the inheritors of a nation of natural treasures; and there are 300 million Americans who depend on this Congress to ensure those re-sources, including our clean air and clean water, are protected. 
Sadly, Mr. Chairman, very sadly, this 
bill lets them down. So I will urge my colleagues at the end of the day to vote against final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) L IMITATION ON USE OF  
FUNDS .—None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005. 
(b) C
ORRESPONDING REDUCTION IN FUNDS .— 
The aggregate amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency–State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’, and the amount provided under such heading for grants under title VII, sub-title G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, are each hereby reduced by $50,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment limits 
the funding of the EPA’s Diesel Emis-sions Reduction Program. The Diesel Emissions Reduction Program is part of the National Clean Diesel Campaign. This grant program was created in 2005 as a short-term effort to assist States and local government to meet new die-sel emissions standards for older diesel engines. 
According to the Obama administra-
tion, the overall impact of the program has been marginal. Currently, there are 14 grant and loan programs at the De-partment of Energy, the Department of Transportation, and the U.S. Environ-mental Protection Agency, plus three tax activities that have as a goal re-ducing mobile source diesel emissions. In addition, each of the 14 programs, according to the GAO, overlaps with at least one other program in the specific activities they fund, the program goals, or the eligible recipients of fund-ing. 
GAO also identified several instances 
of duplication where more than one program provided grant funding to the same recipient for the same type of ac-tivities. One example identified by GAO showed a nonprofit organization received $1.1 million from EPA’s Diesel Emissions Reduction Act program to install emission reduction and idle re-duction technologies on 1,700 trucks, as well as $5.6 million from a State infra-
structure bank established under DOT’s program to equip trucks and truck fleets with emissions control and idle reduction devices—essentially the same thing. 
Mr. Chairman, the Federal Govern-
ment has become so large, it is impos-sible to grasp its true size and scope to pay for its cost. With the country fac-ing unprecedented levels of debt, tax-payers expect the Federal Government to run more efficiently, guarding against careless waste of precious re-sources. It is essential that Congress, the administration, and Federal agen-cies do everything in their power to cut spending, reduce duplication, and rein in waste, fraud, and abuse. My amend-ment does just that, and it would have an annual savings of $50 million. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I know a lot about the 
DERA program, obviously, from south-ern California, probably the most con-trolled air quality area in the United States, and there are a lot of things in EPA that don’t work. There are a lot of things that EPA does to regulate, to create paperwork, and to create head-aches for small- and large-business peo-ple. We have included a great number of policy provisions to address this EPA regulatory overreach in this bill. We have cut the EPA budget dramati-cally, as the gentlewoman just referred to. However, I believe this specific amendment targets a program that ac-tually yields great benefits. 
Many counties across the Nation are 
currently in nonattainment with EPA’s existing standards for the par-ticulate matter and ozone. We are not talking about the standards that are being talked about. We are talking about the standards that were put in place in 2008. 
In many instances, these counties 
have been in nonattainment for years, and those communities need help to improve their air quality. The Diesel Emission Reduction Program, or DERA, is a proven, cost-effective pro-gram that provides grants to States to retrofit old diesel engines. So it is a program that supports manufacturing jobs while reducing pollution. 
Another benefit is that these grants 
are highly leveraged, producing $13 of economic benefit for every Federal grant dollar. Today’s newer engines produce 90 percent—let me say that again—90 percent less toxic emissions than the older diesel engines. Remem-ber, I have experience with trucks, and these independent truck drivers, those who have those trucks, get a lot of miles out of those trucks, sometimes well over a million miles off a truck. However, only 30 percent of the trucks and heavy-duty vehicles have transitioned to cleaner technologies, typically because especially these small truck companies just can’t afford to get this new technology. We need to follow the science and accelerate the replacement of older engines with these new, clean engines, which, by the way, get better mileage and, at the same time, clean up the air consider-ably. 
This is a program that is actually 
working. We have seen significant—I know the Obama administration doesn’t like this program. They don’t like programs that actually work. They want to get rid of the programs that work and have money be put into these esoteric climate change studies and so forth and so on, and I can tell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.141 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4942 July 8, 2015 
the gentleman, from experience, that 
this had significant impacts in the South Coast Air Quality District where I live in, an area that has probably been impacted with all the problems of air quality more than any other region in the United States of America. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge Mem-
bers to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentleman’s amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my distinguished colleague from Cali-fornia for his remarks, and I yield my-self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, since 1984, the EPA 
has lowered the amount of pollutants from diesel engines by more than 98 percent. Since 1980, despite the fact that the gross domestic product has grown by over 460 percent, vehicle miles have increased by 94 percent, the population has grown 38 percent, en-ergy production 32 percent, emissions have gone down 50 percent. In regard to the impact of these programs, you have 14 programs that the GAO has identi-fied as overlapping. It will do little harm to the overall effort for air qual-ity to eliminate one program that is clearly a duplication in several in-stances identified by the GAO. 
In addition, Mr. Chairman, in regard 
to air quality, while air quality has im-proved dramatically—emissions are down 50 percent since 1980—respiratory illnesses such as asthma have gone up, and that is largely a byproduct of in-come. So I would commend to you that we need to reduce the number of regu-lations, the cost of regulations, to allow more economic activity and pro-vide better job opportunities for peo-ple, which will have a direct impact on their overall welfare, including their health. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, I think this is 
a program that has worked, continues to work, and has had significant im-provement in my area in California and, I know, throughout the United States, where we have a program that actually does work. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as 
she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), my 
ranking member, who has a couple of comments. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the gentleman from California’s opposition to this amend-ment. 
It has been used in my State and 
States all over to improve air quality, and, yes, pollutants have been cut. But as I just pointed out, Mr. Chairman, we still have a long way to go before we can turn to our children and say that we did everything we could to make sure that respiratory illness is de-creased and that the air quality in this country is better. 
So I strongly oppose this amend-
ment, and I thank the gentleman from California for his opposition to it as 
well. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I have one point be-
cause asthma has been brought up. 
When I was chairman of the Environ-
ment Committee a number of years ago, we had done significant studies on the increase in asthma. The gentleman is correct on income levels. 
The lower income folks are suffering 
from asthma at greater numbers pri-marily because of indoor pollution. One of the reasons, if we can get into the specifics of why that has occurred, is because we have carpets now and drapes and we don’t use linoleum and so forth that we used to have, and so we have the growth of indoor air pollu-tion, and kids don’t get outside as much as they used to. 
So I think we sometimes blame other 
factors for asthma, and sometimes the other factors are more to blame. But this program, DERA, is a program that works, continues to work; and I know it has in my area, and I know it has in other areas throughout the United States. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I oppose this 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I would just like to 
again point out that it was a study from the University of California, Los Angeles that pointed out that children from low-income households suffer dis-proportionately from asthma, and as we continue to overregulate our econ-omy and reduce the economic opportu-nities for people, we are going to con-tinue to see these high rates of res-piratory illnesses. 
My final point is that we are not 
eliminating this clean diesel program. We are eliminating one program out of 14. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to carry out the powers granted under section 3063 of title 18, United States Code. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, the Environmental 
Protection Agency spends more than $45 million a year to fund a criminal enforcement division that employs al-most 200 armed Federal agents. These agents have been involved in a number of troubling raids in Alaska, Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, Massachusetts, North Carolina, and in my own State of Alabama. 
In Alaska, EPA agents wearing flak 
jackets and carrying M–16s showed up to review paperwork at a family-owned mining operation. In North Carolina, armed EPA agents visited Larry Keller after he sent an email to the regional administrator. In my home State of Alabama, armed EPA agents took over two waste treatment facilities in Dothan, Alabama. These agents were posted at each entrance to the plant and recorded identification informa-tion of all those going in and going out. 
Mr. Chairman, more than 70 Federal 
departments now employ armed per-sonnel, most of which most Americans would never associate with law en-forcement. These agencies include the EPA, the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, the Federal Re-serve Board, and the National Insti-tutes of Health. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment would 
prohibit funding for these activities at EPA. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand that we 
have taken a lot of shots at the EPA for their overreach, and I am one of them; however, this amendment reaches just a little too far. We may not always agree on where it is appro-priate to draw the line on environ-mental laws and regulations. Some think standards are too stringent; oth-ers will say they are not tough enough. That is a fair policy debate, and we have it. 
Back in 1968 when the Environmental 
Protection Agency was created, we had rivers that would light on fire. We had air that was so thick, back when I played football, you couldn’t see the other goalposts on the other end of the football field. So we have made a lot of gains. 
b2000 
At the same time, as it has been dis-
cussed, I think the EPA has gone way too far. We get to the point where we start regulating smaller and smaller 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.143 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4943 July 8, 2015 
numbers and making it very difficult; 
for instance, when we start talking about 70 parts per billion versus 60 parts per billion, we have gone a long ways. 
However, we do know that no matter 
where the line is ultimately drawn, there are individuals out there that are willingly and knowingly trying to find ways around the law. As such, EPA needs to have the ability to look into criminal activity, whether it is illegal dumping of waste, which unfortunately happens; negligent dumping of toxics or oil, which unfortunately happens; and the illegal transportation or im-portation of products from other coun-tries by those who would choose to ig-nore U.S. law. 
We can debate the laws and what is 
appropriate, but we can’t give crimi-nals a free pass to ignore the law or the laws that are on the books. 
Again, I’m sorry. I must oppose the 
amendment and strongly urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, with 
all due respect to my colleague from California, no one is in favor of allow-ing criminals to commit crimes at any level of the Federal Government or any part of the country. 
I do think it should be troubling to 
every Member of this body that we have gone over the line in regard to be-coming what could be viewed as a po-lice state. 
In regard to the raid on the Dothan 
wastewater treatment facility, that is a city facility; that is the Federal Gov-ernment sending armed agents in full body armor with weapons to a munic-ipal facility. I would beg the question: What was the threat assessment? 
This is going on in other parts of the 
country as well, and I think we have a responsibility to draw a line where law enforcement is involved. If there is a threat assessment that would indicate the need to have armed officers assist the EPA in an investigation or a raid, there is ample law enforcement avail-able to do that. 
In that regard, I think this is an area 
where the EPA has overreached in re-spect to their responsibilities as regu-lators of the environment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this is 
an important debate. I recognize that we have had Federal agencies that have 
had overreach and have done things that go beyond their training and pos-sibly should be done by other agencies. I won’t disagree with that; but doing this in an appropriation bill is not the right place to do this. 
The authorizers should have this de-
bate, and we shouldn’t be making these determinations with an appropriations bill which just broadly states that we are going to get rid of a whole swath of law enforcement, whether they are good or bad. It doesn’t determine that because we can’t do that in this type of legislative process. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM). Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, if I may 
inquire how much time is remaining so I don’t consume all the gentleman’s time? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has 45 seconds remain-ing. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
will just be short and sweet. I support the gentleman from California’s strong objection to this amendment and would encourage people not to vote for it. 
Let me conclude with this: an EPA 
law enforcement official deserves the right to come home to their families safe at night, and so they should have the tools that they need in order to do that. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I oppose 
this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Alabama has 2
1⁄4minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the gentlewoman from Min-nesota’s response. I, too, agree that every Federal official deserves to be able to go home safe and sound to their family. 
That, though, does not address the 
specific issue here in regard to what is going on with the EPA. If there is a need for armed intervention with a business or, in this case, with a munici-pality, there should be a clear threat assessment. There isn’t any. There was no reason for anyone to think that they needed to go in, in full body armor, with weapons drawn. 
I think that that is part of what is 
going on here that a lot of American citizens are concerned about, is the overreach of the government and par-ticularly in regard to 70 Federal agen-cies having armed agents in their em-ployment. 
I agree with the gentleman from 
California; this needs to be a broader discussion. In that regard, I think we should have that. 
In respect to my amendment, I think 
we need to divert this funding away from this armed agency that the EPA is deploying, I think, without proper course. 
In that regard, I urge my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois) having assumed 
the chair, Mr. H ULTGREN , Acting Chair 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6, 21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–193) on the resolution (H. Res. 350) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the dis-covery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ) kindly resume the chair. 
b2009 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  
(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) had been 
postponed, and the bill had been read through page 132, line 24. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank Chairman R
OGERS for his 
leadership and support. Under his guid-ance, the Appropriations Committee is again setting the standard for getting things done in the House. This is the seventh of the appropriation bills that have come to the floor that we, hope-fully, will be able to pass tomorrow. 
I also want to thank my good friend 
and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.147 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4944 July 8, 2015 
her partnership and work on this bill. 
Finally, I want to thank each of our committee members for their efforts and their collegiality. It continues to be the hallmark of our subcommittee’s deliberations. 
Even though we may have differences 
of opinion within this bill, I greatly ap-preciate the members’ constructive contributions, and I mean that sin-cerely. The committee has made some very difficult choices in preparing this bill. 
As reported by the Appropriations 
Committee, the fiscal year 2016 Interior Appropriations bill is funded at $30.17 billion, which is $246 million below the fiscal year 2015 enacted level and $3 bil-lion below the budget request. We have made a sincere effort to prioritize the needs within our 302(b) allocation. 
I would like to point out some of the 
highlights of the bill. Again, this year, the committee has provided robust wildland fire funding, fire suppression accounts. The Department of the Inte-rior and Forest Service are fully funded at the 10-year average level. The haz-ardous fuel program was increased by $75 million to $526 million in fiscal year 2015 enacted, and that increase has been maintained in this bill. 
The bill also continues critical in-
vestments in Indian Country, a non-partisan priority of this committee. Building upon the bipartisan work, former subcommittee chairman M
IKE 
SIMPSON , Jim Moran, Norm Dicks, and, 
certainly, my friend Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
the bill continues to make investments in education, public safety, and health programs in Indian Country. 
Overall funding for the Indian Health 
Service has increased by $145 million or 3 percent, while funding for the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education is increased by $165 million or 6 percent from fiscal year 2015 levels, the largest percentage increase in this bill. 
The bill provides full funding for fis-
cal year 2016 for payments in lieu of taxes, or the PILT program. PILT pay-ments are made to 49 of the 50 States, as well as the District of Columbia, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
The bill provides $2.7 billion for the 
National Park Service, included more than $60 million in new funding relat-ing to the centennial of the National Park Service. 
We have also addressed a number of 
priorities within the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts. The bill funds pop-ular cost-shared grant programs above fiscal year 2015 enacted levels. It also provides for additional funds to combat international wildlife trafficking, pro-tects fish hatcheries from cuts and clo-sures, continues funding to fight invasive species, and reduces the back-log of species that are recovered but not yet delisted. 
The bill provides $248 million for the 
land and water conservation fund, pro-grams that enjoy broad bipartisan sup-port. Some Members would prefer more funding; others would prefer less fund-
ing for LWCF. We have attempted to forge a middle ground that begins to return an emphasis of the LWCF to its original intent of recreation in the States and local acquisitions. 
Overall, funding for EPA was reduced 
by $718 million or 9 percent from fiscal year 2015 enacted levels. 
Members of the Great Lakes region 
will be pleased to know that the Great Lakes restoration initiative is main-tained at fiscal year 2015 enacted level of $300 million. Rural water technical assistance grants and many categorical grants, including radon grants, are level funded at the fiscal year 2015 en-acted level. 
Again, this year, there is a great deal 
of concern over a number of regulatory actions being pursued by EPA, which we have discussed over the last day and the absence of legislation without clear congressional direction. 
For this reason, the bill includes a 
number of provisions to stop unneces-sary and damaging regulatory over-reach by the agency. 
b2015 
I would like to address the Endan-
gered Species Act. We have had a num-ber of amendments over the last day about this subject. Certainly, this com-mittee has no interest in interfering with science or in letting any species go extinct, but we are concerned about Federal regulatory actions lacking in basic fairness and common sense. The provisions in this bill address problems created by the ESA—not by science but by court orders—that drain limited agency resources and force depart-ments to cut corners to meet arbitrary deadlines. 
Nowhere is this more evident than 
with the sage-grouse. States are right-fully concerned that a listing or unnec-essary restricted Federal land use plans will jeopardize existing conserva-tion partnerships with States and pri-vate landowners. These partnerships are necessary to save both sagebrush ecosystems and local economies. So long as sage-grouse are not under im-minent threat of extinction, coopera-tive conservation must be given a chance to work. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as I 
mentioned, so long as sage-grouse are not under imminent threat of extinc-tion, cooperative conservation must be given a chance to work. That is why this bill maintains a 1-year delay in any decision to list the sage-grouse along with full funding to implement conservation efforts. 
House consideration of this bill is the 
next step in a long legislative process. I hope, over the coming months, we will come together, as we do each year, to find common ground. In that spirit, 
I look forward to continuing to work with Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Members of 
the House on both sides of the aisle. As this bill moves forward, hopefully, the Senate will act on a bill soon, and we will be able to get back to regular order, which is, I think, the hope for both sides. 
In closing, I want to thank the staffs 
on both sides for their hard work on this bill. On the minority side, I would 
like to thank Rick Healy, Rita Culp, Joe Carlile, as well as Rebecca Taylor. They played an integral role in the process, and their efforts are very much appreciated. On the majority side, I would like to thank sub-committee staff Kristin Richmond, Jackie Kilroy, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, and Dave LesStrang. On my personal staff, I would also like to thank Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Alexandra Berenter, and Tricia Evans for their great work. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill, and 
I have enjoyed the debate over the last couple of days. 
One thing I also want to talk about 
under my 5 minutes is on the wildfire and hazardous fuel management pro-gram. It was mentioned earlier in the debate that we are attempting to work out an agreement on both sides so that we can move Mr. S
IMPSON ’s language 
forward in his hazardous wildfire bill, H.R. 167. We are looking for cosponsors of the bill, and we hope to get more support for that bill as we move this process forward. 
As I mentioned earlier, we did fund 
the bill to the 10-year average, but this is still not going to be sufficient if we have the significant wildfire year that we expect. A catastrophic fire can lit-erally burn through any amounts of money that we may have set aside, and it causes disruptions within the De-partment of the Interior and the De-partment of Forestry in how they man-age those accounts, which we also dis-cussed, which is not good management on our part. So I would hope we can move ahead with Mr. S
IMPSON ’s bill as 
quickly as possible. 
We also discussed the Endangered 
Species Act, and we continue to talk about the States and the difficulties that they are having in working with the Fish and Wildlife Service and with other agencies in trying to work out their State plans that deal with these significant issues. As we look at our sage-grouse strategy, we have 11 States involved in this program. We are doing everything we can to have a coopera-tive program with private landowners, the State land, and the Federal land to make sure that we continue to have sage-grouse. We want to make sure that the sage-grouse persists, and that is why we funded both the BLM and the Fish and Wildlife Service to the re-quested amounts in order to make sure that we have the resources available to do that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.148 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4945 July 8, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to congratulate the chairman of the subcommittee, who has done a yeoman’s job of shepherding this appropriations bill through this House. 
I would like to thank the ranking 
member, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , for her ef-
forts. 
I sat in that chair last night where 
you are, Mr. Chairman, and presided over many different amendments. There was much discussion on a wide variety of issues, but it is what we came here to do in this institution—to debate the issues and to work in a process that I call our constitutional appropriations process. If we are to re-gain the power of the purse here in the House, we ought to be able to work through the appropriations process that so many hard-working colleagues of mine, like Chairman C
ALVERT , have 
put so much effort into. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, this is an opportunity for us to begin the process, once again, of prioritizing how Washington spends money, which I remember not too long ago was the way Washington spent money, Mr. Chairman, when Wash-ington was not nearly as broken. We have an opportunity to come here to the floor to debate the issues and to get an up-or-down vote. When our amendments may not pass, that doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t regain the power that Congress has been given in our Constitution, and that is by sup-porting great bills like this. 
I congratulate the chairman. I look 
forward to supporting his bill. I had a great time in presiding over the debate yesterday, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with the chairman in the future. 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, next week, we will be 
having other bills in front of us. We are looking forward to having the Finan-cial Services bill on the floor next week, and I believe we will have other appropriations bills for the balance of the month. As we get back to regular order, we want to have all 12 bills brought to the floor and debated. The chairman has done a great job of mov-ing this committee back to its historic importance in this institution, and we appreciate your continued support in that process. 
As I mentioned on the Forest Service 
funding allocations, we are continuing to work to make sure that moneys are available to fund Forest Service re-search and development and to make sure that the analysis and inventory program continues to be funded. The 
forests, we recognize, are a renewable resource. Domestically produced tim-ber supports local communities and the U.S. industry, especially in the West. It also helps reduce fuel loads in our na-tional forests. This is greatly needed, especially now, because these fires are burning hotter, fire seasons are grow-ing longer, and more communities are at risk. 
Our forests need to be managed, Mr. 
Chairman. The Forest Service esti-mates that up to 2 million acres of land need to be actively managed. In the Rocky Mountains alone, 45 million acres have been affected by the bark beetle. We have seen results of the bark beetle back in my area of southern California where thousands of acres have been devastated by this beetle that attacks weakened trees, which certainly exposes a problem to wildfire conditions. Once those wildfires start, then those fires quickly become cata-strophic as we have seen just recently in a fire in the San Bernardino Na-tional Forest. 
We were fortunate that the 2014 fire 
season was well below the normal with just 87 percent of the 10-year average. We are praying that that is going to occur in the 2015 fire season, but we can’t be sure. Most people believe that that is not going to occur and that, be-cause of the drought, especially in the West, we could have catastrophic con-ditions and that we could have wildfires that can certainly grow out of control. 
Mr. Chairman, 2 percent of the 
wildfires cost more money than the other 98 percent, so that is why we need to continue to invest resources wisely and to make sure that we get rid of hazardous materials, that we manage our forests properly in order for us not to have these catastrophic fires. These figures are combined with the fact that California, my home State, suffers through this exceptional drought. Other parts of the country, in-cluding Minnesota, have the potential for above normal wildfire activity in the next few months, and that is ex-tremely, extremely worrisome. 
I would like to talk a little bit about 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I know we would have liked to have appropriated more money for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, but we are acting under these alloca-tions, and we were just restricted on what we could do. Yet what we wanted to do was to focus back to the original intent of the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund, which was recreation and State and local acquisitions. In this bill, the administration is directed to prioritize limited Federal acquisitions in which opportunities for recreation and local and State congressional sup-port are the strongest. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). The gentleman from 
California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, we ex-
tend the authority of recreation fee programs; we prohibit the Interior from administratively creating new wilderness areas; we provide the full funding of $452 million for payments in lieu of taxes, which is extremely im-portant to almost every State in the Union; and we increase the forest prod-ucts account by $16 million so that the Forest Service can increase timber harvests. 
We lost a lot of the timber operations 
in the West after the issue with the spotted owl. After that 20-year experi-ment that most people realize was a failure, we now have forests that have become overgrown, especially in the West, and we have poorly managed some of those forests. We need to go back and thin those forests out. There are two ways to thin a forest, Mr. Chairman. Either God does it, or we allow for good timbering operations that are done in a new scientific man-ner that help clear out that forest in a healthy way, that bring back animals that sometimes have abandoned the re-gion because of overgrowth—operations that make for a healthier forest in the long run. 
These are good goals. We want to 
work with the Department of Forestry to make sure that they continue to make progress on this, and we will con-tinue to do that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CALVERT  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC.ll. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prohibit the display of the flag of the United States or the POW/MIA flag, or the decoration of graves with flags in the National Park Serv-ice national cemeteries as provided in Na-tional Park Service Director’s Order No. 61 or to contravene the National Park Service memorandum dated June 24, 2015, with the subject line containing the words ‘‘Imme-diate Action Required, No Reply Needed’’ with respect to sales items. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
b2030 
Mr. CALVERT. This amendment will 
codify existing National Park Service policy and directives with regard to the declaration of cemeteries and conces-sion sales. I urge adoption of my amendment. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.149 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4946 July 8, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
strong opposition to this amendment. I am actually quite surprised that we find ourselves here tonight attempting to overturn the National Park Service recent policy changes to stop allowing the Confederate flag to be displayed or sold in national parks. 
Mr. Chair, just yesterday, this House 
passed amendment after amendment supporting the removal of the symbol of racism from our national parks, which are visited every day by Ameri-cans and foreign visitors of every race. 
We have read about the divisive tac-
tics happening in the South Carolina statehouse as they debate the removal of the Confederate flag after the mur-der of nine Black parishioners. 
I never thought that the U.S. House 
of Representatives would join those who would want to see this flag flown by passing an amendment to ensure the continuing flying of the Confederate flag. I strongly urge every Member to stand with the citizens of all races and to remove this symbol of hatred from our National Park Service. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge 
adoption of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I want to 
restate: On June 25 when National Park Service Director Jon Jarvis re-quested that Confederate flag sales be removed from national park bookstores and gift shops, he also followed a deci-sion by several large national retail-ers—Walmart, Amazon, and Sears—to stop selling items with Confederate flags on them, and I agreed with these decisions. I commend those for their prompt action. 
While in certain and very limited cir-
cumstances, it might be appropriate in a national park to display the image of the Confederate flag in a historical context—and I say that as a social studies teacher—the general display or sale of Confederate flag items is inap-propriate and divisive. I support lim-iting their use. 
I strongly oppose this amendment, 
which is an attempt to negate amend-ments which were approved yesterday without any opposition to limit the displaying of the Confederate flag, and so we should make sure that we uphold what this House stood for yesterday, which is to say no to racism, which is to say no to hate speech. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be 
postponed. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, as we 
prepare to finish consideration of H.R. 2822, I want to take this opportunity to congratulate my subcommittee chair-man, K
ENCALVERT , for getting this bill 
to this point. 
It has not been an easy process, as we 
just realized a few moments ago. We have had to consider nearly twice as many amendments as any other appro-priations bill taken up in the House this year. 
While I have not agreed with a con-
siderable number of the amendments that have been made to the bill, I do appreciate that the chairman and I have been able to disagree when nec-essary without ever being disagreeable. My working relationship with Chair-man C
ALVERT has been first rate. I ap-
preciate the hard work and effort he has put into the bill. 
Let me also express my sincere 
thanks to the committee staff on both sides of the aisle, as well as the per-sonal staff in both of our respective of-fices for their work on the bill. They put in long hours to smooth a way for consideration of this bill, and I appre-ciate their efforts. 
Once again, I want to say that we 
have had a good working relationship, Mr. Chair, but I cannot hide my sur-prise and my outrage that we find our-selves here tonight attempting to over-turn the National Park Service recent policy change to stop allowing the Con-federate flag to be displayed or sold at our national parks. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I just want 
to say that I enjoyed and continue to enjoy working with the gentlewoman as we move this process forward and appreciate her courtesy and kindness. 
As I say, we will continue to work at 
this process as we move ahead. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 5, to include corrections in section numbers, section headings, cross ref-erences, punctuation, and indentation, and to make any other technical and conforming change necessary to reflect the actions of the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS WITH 
IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I ask unani-
mous consent, Mr. Speaker, that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the topic of our Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank all of my col-leagues who are here tonight at this late hour to talk about the weak nego-tiations that are taking place in Vi-enna on the nuclear deal with Iran. 
We have a number of distinguished 
speakers tonight who will address this looming topic that is of great urgency. 
Let me begin by yielding to the gen-
tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank my colleague for yielding. 
Trusting that Iran, the world’s larg-
est state sponsor of terrorism, has sud-denly had a change of heart in its dec-ades-long quest to obtain a nuclear weapon is just simply naive at best. 
Legislation that was signed into law 
in May would allow Congress to review and vote on any deal that the adminis-tration makes with Iran. Those I rep-resent believe Congress should have the final say on any deal, and I couldn’t agree more. 
America’s national security, as well 
as global security, will be jeopardized if the administration gets this wrong. We must ensure it doesn’t. The stakes are simply too high. 
If Iran is actually serious about re-
engaging with the global community, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.152 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4947 July 8, 2015 
they cannot continue to hold American 
citizens as political prisoners or harass and provoke U.S. Navy ships in inter-national waters. 
Iran should stop provoking direct 
military confrontation, immediately 
release all detained U.S. citizens, and provide any information it possesses regarding any U.S. citizens that have disappeared within its borders. 
The fact that the Iranian regime 
won’t even do these basic actions indi-cates to me that counting on them to honor commitments they make around a negotiating table can’t be taken seri-ously. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Chair, I 
thank Mr. J
OHNSON for his comments. I 
think he highlighted the basic prob-lems that we have in dealing with a rogue regime like Iran that cannot be trusted, that has not been dealing with us in a straight manner. I thank the gentleman very much for his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEY DAVIS) to address this threat as 
well. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to voice my con-cerns over the potential deal regarding Iran’s nuclear program, and I stand here thanking my colleague from the great State of Florida for putting this Special Order together on such a very important and timely issue. 
I want to read a quote: 
They will freeze and then dismantle their 
nuclear program. Our other allies will be bet-ter protected. The entire world will be safer as we slow the spread of nuclear weapons. The United States and international inspec-tors will carefully monitor them to make sure it keeps its commitments. 
Sound familiar, Mr. Speaker? That is 
what President Clinton told the Amer-ican people about the North Korean nu-clear deal in 1994. Today, North Korea has anywhere from 10 to 20 nuclear weapons in their arsenal, and that number is expected to grow to 50 in the next 5 years. 
Now, we are hearing this same type 
of posturing from this administration about the Iran negotiations. The United States seems destined to repeat history, unwilling to hold their ground, and granting Iran extension after ex-tension and concession after conces-sion. 
As a strong supporter of increasing 
sanctions against Iran, which brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first place, it is common sense that ad-ditional sanctions could even put more pressure on them when they are al-ready hurting from the low price of their most prized commodity, oil. 
Nobody believes Iran when they say 
their nuclear infrastructure is in place for peaceful purposes. If that were the case, they would have no need to en-rich uranium past 3.5 percent. Iran has a record filled with lies, deceit, spon-sored terrorism, human rights viola-tions, and the list goes on and on. 
Just as North Korea couldn’t be 
trusted two decades ago, neither should Iran today. Mr. Speaker, a nuclear Iran 
is not only a grave danger to American interests, but to Israel—our strongest ally in the Middle East—and our many allies throughout the world. 
Of course, the world would be a much 
safer place if Iran were to neutralize their nuclear production facilities, if they would allow inspections at any-time, if they would disclose all mili-tary implications of their nuclear pro-gram, or if Iran were to demonstrate a better record on human rights. 
b2045 
Unfortunately, these are just what- 
ifs that have failed to happen today and I am afraid will never happen under this proposed deal. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bad deal. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. D
AVIS, I 
quite agree with you. 
The more we know about this deal, 
Mr. Speaker, the more we know it is a weak, dangerous, bad deal. 
Thank you, Mr. D
AVIS, for sharing 
your insight with us. 
I yield to Mr. L ANCE of New Jersey, 
who has long been speaking about the dangers of a nuclear Iran. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I congratu-
late the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida for her magnificent serv-ice regarding the foreign policy of this country and her continued expertise that is of benefit to the entire Nation. 
In the coming days, the American 
people and those of us in Congress will be able to scrutinize an anticipated agreement between Iran and the P5+1 countries and Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
Congress will debate and consider the 
administration’s proposal, and I will be looking to ensure that any agreement achieves the paramount goal that Iran will never get nuclear weapons. 
A nuclear Iran would fundamentally 
change the international dynamic and put the United States and our allies, including Israel, in extreme peril. The balance of power in the world would slip away from those who have given blood and treasure in the fight for free-dom and justice, while rewarding the perpetrators of some of the most hei-nous crimes against humanity. 
The principle of peace through deter-
rence would be compromised and the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty would be a footnote in history as rival and re-gional powers race to acquire their own nuclear weapons. A nuclear arms race will be yet another element of unpre-dictability in the world’s most volatile region. 
I do not oppose any agreement; I op-
pose a bad agreement. Sanctions brought Iran to the table, and sanc-tions will keep Iran there. Any deal that needlessly surrenders that valu-able leverage in the name of taking Iran’s word is a bad agreement. There is simply not the trust that state spon-sors of terror will suddenly and uncharacteristically prove to be hon-est. 
As Ronald Reagan famously said, 
‘‘Trust, but verify.’’ That was true then; it is as true now as then. It is cer-
tainly true regarding Iran. 
A successful nuclear agreement must 
include tangible Iranian concessions. Steps to dismantle its nuclear infra-structure, a commitment to a robust inspections regime, and a cease to its dubious terror-related activities must be included in any agreement. 
The entire world will be watching, 
not only the 315 million people of this country, but certainly the people in the Middle East, which is extremely dangerous. 
This matter of great consequence 
will have far-reaching ramifications, and certainly, I hope that the Presi-dent, the Secretary of State, and the administration will heed the bipartisan concerns that exist here in Congress. 
The President reluctantly signed the 
legislation that reached his desk. That was an expression of the will of the American people through elected Rep-resentatives here and in the other House of Congress, overwhelming in its nature; and certainly, I hope that the President and Secretary of State and the administration will recognize that the American people are deeply con-cerned about what appears to be the parameters of an agreement. 
There is still time to reach a better 
agreement. Let me repeat, no agree-ment is superior to a bad agreement, as Prime Minister Netanyahu stated in this Chamber this spring. 
I hope that Iran will come meaning-
fully to the table. I hope that Iran will cease its terrorist activities across the globe. I hope Iran will recognize that, if it were to achieve nuclear weapons, it would be the beginning of a situation with unintended consequences for the Middle East, the most dangerous part of the world; terrible consequences for our friend and ally, a country that be-lieves in democracy, Israel; terrible consequences for other Arab nations, including Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and places beyond that; and that we want to live in peace with the Iranian peo-ple. 
The Iranian people are a great peo-
ple, a talented people, a well-educated people; and certainly, I hope that the people of Iran recognize that it is not in their best interest that their leaders develop nuclear weapons. 
Again, I commend with every breath 
I take the superb work of the gentle-woman from Florida. I am pleased to be able to join with her and with others this evening to caution that we must ensure a strong agreement and, if that is not possible, then no agreement at all. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you 
very much, Mr. L
ANCE . May it be so; 
from your words to God’s ears, may we get this strong deal that can truly be verified. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), my col-
league, a man with whom I have had the honor of talking about this issue, the danger that a nuclear Iran imposes for the stability of the world, not just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.154 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4948 July 8, 2015 
for Israel, not just for the neighbor-
hood, and not just for the United States. 
Thank you, Mr. C
URBELO , for your 
leadership on this issue. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I want to begin by thanking my col-league for her steadfast leadership on this issue, but really on all issues hav-ing to do with foreign relations in this Chamber for so many years. She has set the example and a very high bar for all of us who serve in this Chamber. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to start by reit-
erating just how serious the security threat Iran is to the United States and to our allies. 
As my colleagues have expressed 
here, Iran can never attain nuclear ca-pabilities. Any deal reached must en-sure that the Iranian regime com-pletely abandons its nuclear ambitions and dismantles its nuclear infrastruc-ture. 
It is absolutely critical that the 
Obama administration be unyielding when dealing with Iran. Additional concessions are simply not an option. A weak deal that gives the regime an opening to obtain nuclear weapons down the road is not good for the United States or its allies, especially Israel. It isn’t good for the entire world. 
Even while nuclear negotiations be-
tween the P5+1 and Iran took place, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei openly supported the destruction of Israel and supported Hamas’ attacks against Israel from Gaza. He also boasted Iranian technology was being used by Hamas to attack Israel and openly called for all Palestinians in the West Bank to join Hamas in Gaza in an armed rebellion against Israel, prom-ising to arm those who participated. 
We cannot continue to view Iran’s 
nuclear program as existing in a vacu-um. It would be irresponsible to ignore the regime’s continued support for ter-rorism, its pursuit of ballistic missiles, and its failure to comply with the International Atomic Energy Agency. 
Moving forward, several things must 
be present in an acceptable deal, in-cluding a robust inspection regime and the resolution of issues of past and present concern. Only then could a deal even begin to be considered as accept-able. 
Snapback sanctions relief could be 
difficult to implement and is not in the best interests of the United States. We must protect the sanctions infrastruc-ture that this body put in place rather than rely on reactive tactics if the Ira-nian regime does not comply with the terms of the agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, when it comes to an 
agreement with Iran, we need to ask ourselves: Does this agreement prevent Iran from achieving nuclear capabili-ties and keep the United States and its allies safe? Anything other than that is totally unacceptable. 
The central question here, Mr. 
Speaker, is: What kind of a world do we want to live in? What kind of a world do we want for our children, for our 
grandchildren, for our families? 
A world in which the most radical 
terrorist regime acquires nuclear weap-ons—whether it is in 2 years, in 5 years, in 10 years, or in 15 years—is totally unacceptable. This is a government that, again, has pledged to annihilate the only democracy in the Middle East, our best ally in the world, the country that stands with us no matter what, our friends in Israel. 
Some in this administration have un-
justly criticized Prime Minister Netanyahu. For what? It is for simply wanting his country to survive and his people to live in peace and security. 
This is the same government that 
when the Ayatollah sent their rep-resentative—then Mr. Ahmadinejad—to Cuba in 2007, he pledged that, together with Cuba’s dictators and the rest of their rogue allies throughout the world, they would bring the United States to its knees. I know my col-league recalls that. 
What kind of a world do we want to 
live in? It is still not too late to walk away from this table and to tell the mullahs that they will never acquire nuclear weapons as long as the United States is the greatest superpower in the world and a beacon for democracy, for peace, and for opportunity for all people. 
I, once again, thank my colleague for 
this special opportunity to highlight an issue that is of vital importance for the entire Nation and for the entire world. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. C
URBELO , 
you certainly have been a leader in this fight. 
It is interesting that you should 
bring up the dangerous clown, Khamenei, because he has been re-placed by an equally murderous, sadis-tic thug, Rouhani; but now, the inter-national community likes to call him the ‘‘moderate’’ leader, where they have had more executions in Iran under the so-called moderate then ever. 
The ‘‘Death to America,’’ ‘‘Death to 
Israel’’ chants continue, just as they continued during Ahmadinejad’s time. Whether it is Ahmadinejad, whether it is a moderate Rouhani, it is a Supreme Leader who calls the shots. 
Nothing in Iran, sadly, has changed. 
They are calling for the destruction of our ally, and they are calling for de-struction of this great country. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I want to thank Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
who was chairwoman when I was on the Foreign Affairs Committee. She has stepped up and always been a voice, es-pecially in this area. I also want to thank Mr. C
URBELO and also Mr. D AVIS. 
For a moment, I want to just stop 
here, and let’s put some things in per-spective. It has been said over and over—but we are going to talk about this—a bad deal is worse than no deal. I am going to say it again. A bad deal is worse than no deal. A deal the U.S. and the rest of the 
international community can accept should be one in which Iran is no longer a nuclear threat. At what point did we forget this, Mr. President? At what point did we lay down and decide that a nuclear Iran, if it is 20 years from now, is better than what a nu-clear Iran is now? Mr. President, you have got to listen to what you are say-ing. 
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu ex-
plained to President Obama that the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ‘‘threatens the survival of the State of Israel.’’ It threatens the survival of the State of Israel. 
I believe that Congress should not be 
party to any agreement that fails to protect the vital interest of Israel and other allies in the region. That is why I voted ‘‘no’’ on the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
I am not in disagreement with Con-
gress providing oversight of a final comprehensive deal, but a horrible deal isn’t something Congress should even have to consider. 
I have previously stated and will say 
again that I have always made the se-curity of our strongest ally in the Mid-dle East a priority and will not support any deal that allows Iran the oppor-tunity to develop a nuclear weapon. 
Though a final deal has not been yet 
announced, we know, based off the de-tails of the JCPOA announced in April, of the potential for a bad deal. Under the framework announced in April, Iran will be able to maintain over 6,000 centrifuges they possess. Of the 6,000 centrifuges, 5,000 of those will continue to enrich uranium. 
b2100 
Five thousand, what part of not hav-
ing a nuclear Iran are we kidding our-selves here with? 
And then his wonderful snap back 
provisions. I am one of those that said 
we shouldn’t have a snap back. They should have never gone away in the process. 
Why are we talking about snap back 
provisions when this body has clearly spoken that the sanctions should stay and, if anything, they should get tight-er? But we are now talking about snap back provisions. What a world we live in. 
If they don’t fulfill their commit-
ment, sanctions will magically snap back. When I read that, it just amazes me, Mr. Speaker, that if they don’t keep their commitments—why do we believe they are going to keep any commitments? 
This is just an amazing thought to 
me. It took several years of U.S. pres-suring for our European allies before they started seriously enforcing the U.N. Security Council sanctions cur-rently in place. 
While a U.S. President can unilater-
ally reinstitute sanctions that were previously waived, the European Union has to receive support from all 28 mem-bers for reimposition of former sanc-tions. Think about that. That is some-thing we ought to talk about. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.155 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4949 July 8, 2015 
A similar scenario could be observed 
at the U.N. Security Council. A unani-mous vote by all 15 U.S. Security Coun-cil members in the affirmative would be needed for sanctions to be put back in place. 
How many of us in this room tonight, 
and how many of you who may be thinking about this, actually believe that will actually happen? Do you be-lieve that would? I don’t. 
China and Russia, both permanent 
members of the U.N. Security Council, have the most to gain from having un-fettered access to Iranian markets. It has been widely reported that Russia is moving forward with the selling of S– 300s, the antiaircraft weapon, to Iran. Such a weapon system makes the po-tential for Israeli or American air-strikes against Iranian nukes just that much more difficult to carry out. 
Russia, whose own economy is hurt-
ing as a result of the sanctions, is look-ing to diversify its investments in other economies that show strong po-tential for growth. China is always looking for new sources of energy, and with the elimination of international sanctions, Iran will have the ability to sell more oil on the international mar-ket. 
Then there is the issue of possible 
military dimensions. To receive an ac-curate picture of Iran’s nuclear capa-bilities, it is imperative to know how close they got to developing or have gotten to developing a nuclear weapon. It is only after we can determine if Iran ever developed a nuclear warhead or triggering mechanism that the international community can actually know Iran’s breakout time. Iran’s PMDs must be made known to the international community prior— prior—to any permanent sanction re-lief being instituted. 
You know, this pending bad deal 
makes the region and the greater na-tional community worse off. 
What I have heard in this Chamber 
tonight is very disturbing. What I have heard from leaders in this administra-tion is even more disturbing. They have willingly determined, in my mind, to throw Israel under the bus and, I be-lieve, maybe for a peace prize. 
Mr. Kerry, maybe you didn’t make a 
mark in the Senate. Mr. Kerry, maybe you didn’t make a mark as Secretary of State. Maybe you are looking for a peace prize. Your peace prize should be come home now and walk away from a bad deal. If you want to be recognized in the world for standing up for what is right, then walk away from a bad deal. 
No one wants Iran to have a nuclear 
weapon. They are not capable of han-dling one. They are the biggest sup-pliers to terrorism around the world. And yet we are talking about talking to a country that says just recently, just in the last 2 days, their leader has said it is now time for us to spout ha-tred at the Zionists. 
And we are negotiating with them? They don’t want to say Israel has 
even a right to exist, and we are sitting at the table with them? We want to let 
5,000 centrifuges keep spinning and keep spinning and keep spinning and keep spinning, and we are going to ne-gotiate with them? 
You do not negotiate with unstable 
people, Mr. Speaker. You negotiate with people who want to live in the bonds of a civil society, in a civil world, and Iran’s leadership is not that person. 
We are fooling ourselves. This admin-
istration has become just completely tunnel-visioned toward legacy. When you have a domestic agenda that has been as terrible as this administration, I don’t blame you for looking overseas. But your domestic agenda is no com-parison to the failure of a foreign pol-icy, when world leaders ask what is America’s role because they don’t even know. 
Tonight I hope the crescendo of 
voices in this Chamber reaches across the ocean to Vienna. The last words I would like Secretary Kerry to hear be-fore he sits down with the Iranians are ‘‘a bad deal is worse than no deal.’’ 
‘‘Death to America,’’ not shouted on 
the streets here in Washington, not shouted on the streets in New York City or San Francisco or Atlanta. It was shouted in the Parliament of Iran just recently, when they said we are not going to allow inspections. And we are sitting down to negotiate with them? 
‘‘Death to America’’? And we are sit-
ting down negotiating with them as if they are reasonable people? 
Have we lost our focus? Have we lost 
our vision of being the shining light to the world for freedom and hope, and de-cided that it is much better off, maybe for our political world, or maybe our personal achievements, to sit down with a government that says Israel should not even have the right to exist, and if we could, we would annihilate them tomorrow? 
We are going to continue funding 
those who have lobbed bombs on inno-cent men and women in Israel and who will sit down at a negotiating table and say: We are not going to allow you to inspect wherever you want; we are going to keep what we want to keep. 
And, by the way, even the adminis-
tration’s own belief is we are going to keep 5,000 spinning, centrifuges spin-ning, 5,000 spinning. 
You know what? Some have said 
time is Iran’s friend. I agree. As long as they can keep our Secretary of State at that table, those centrifuges spin. As long as they keep us tied up debat-ing this in this administration, the centrifuges spin. As long as we keep doing this, the centrifuges spin. 
It is time to put sanctions back in 
place because they are spinning. It is time to tighten the screws on Iran be-cause those centrifuges are spinning. It is time for us not to let up because the centrifuges are spinning. 
And I do not want to see a world in 
which my children grow up and the people in Israel grow up knowing that Iran has a bomb when they are ready to 
take them out in a certain notice. 
Tonight is important. Tonight is im-
portant. 
Mr. President, I pray that you listen. 
I don’t think you will. 
Mr. Secretary, maybe you are look-
ing for a peace prize. How about win-ning a prize in the hearts of the free-dom-loving people all across the world and walking away from a bad deal? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you 
very much, Mr. C
OLLINS . I think you 
laid it out in a thoughtful manner. No deal is better than a bad deal. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Florida for her leadership on this important issue, your leadership with America’s foreign policy. I know that my constituents all the way up in New York are more se-cure and free due to your work through the years here in the Halls of Congress. I thank you for your leadership. 
This past weekend we celebrated the 
Fourth of July, 239 years since America declared its independence. What makes America great is what we stand for: freedom and liberty. 
And then there is Iran, the world’s 
largest state sponsor of terror, a nation overthrowing foreign governments, un-justly imprisoning United States citi-zens, including a United States Marine. 
Iran blows up mock U.S. warships, 
develops ICBMs. They pledge to wipe Israel off the map. And in their streets, in their halls, they are chanting, ‘‘Death to America.’’ 
And none of what I just described is 
even part of the negotiations. Think about that. 
The President says the only alter-
native to whatever deal he presents us with is war. I reject that. The deal the President is finalizing may actually pave the path to more instability in the Middle East and a nuclear arms race triggered in the region. 
Will the agreement be accurately 
translated between both languages? 
If the President presents Americans 
with a version in English and the Ira-nians are interpreting any different terms refuting our interpretation of that agreement in English, then there is no agreement. There is no meeting of the minds. 
Will Iran continue spinning cen-
trifuges, enriching uranium and main-taining any of their nuclear infrastruc-ture? 
Will weapons inspectors have unfet-
tered access to Iran’s nuclear infra-structure? Honestly, I doubt it. 
I believe that we are propping up the 
wrong regime in Iran. 
Six years ago, the Green Revolution, 
millions of Iranians took to the streets protesting after an undemocratic elec-tion. The economy in Iran was doing better at that time than it is today. Oil, twice the value as today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.157 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4950 July 8, 2015 
The President said that what was 
going on in Iran was none of our busi-ness, and look where we are today. 
I unapologetically love my country, 
and I am proud to be an American. As elected officials who took an oath to protect and defend our Constitution, we have a responsibility to protect our country. 
We must fight on behalf of our great 
Nation, which generations before us have fought and sacrificed so much to protect. And that is how we celebrate another 239 years of American exceptionalism. 
The President, when sitting down at 
the negotiating table, inherits the goodwill of generations, centuries of men and women who have come before them that sacrificed so much to make America the greatest Nation in the world. When someone says they want to run to be President of the United States, with that, you inherit all of that goodwill, all of that American exceptionalism. 
And when sitting at the table, you 
have no business trying to equalize yourself with the person you are nego-tiating with. That isn’t your goodwill to expend. 
It is important for American great-
ness to grow. And I am concerned that we are on pace to enter into a bad deal with Iran. 
Here, with the leadership of col-
leagues like the gentlewoman from Florida, who I am very grateful for putting together this Special Order to-night, and other colleagues, like the gentleman from Florida, who will be speaking right after me, there is so much passion amongst my colleagues for wanting to do the right thing to protect our Nation, understanding that it is a fundamental basic that the United States strengthens our relation-ships with our allies and treats our en-emies for exactly who they are. 
I used the analogy a couple of weeks 
ago of playing Texas Hold’em, and the President inherits pocket aces every time he sits down at the table. The Ira-nians may inherit the 7–2 off suit, the worst hand that you could possibly have in poker. 
The President, for whatever reason, 
as a negotiating style, will offer to switch hands. We saw it in Cuba, where dozens of good-faith concessions were made asking for nothing in return. Why is that? 
For one, the President isn’t a very 
good negotiator. He still has a year and a half left on his second term in office, and I want him to strengthen his hand. He has it. He inherits it. That is what comes with being the President of the United States. That is what he signed up for. 
And what did we sign up for here in 
the Halls of Congress? To hold this President’s feet to the fire if he chooses to sign a bad deal with Iran. 
I thank, again, the gentlewoman 
from Florida for her leadership. I am looking forward to hearing Mr. Y
OHO 
and his passionate words to follow. And I would encourage the President 
and Secretary Kerry, the leaders of the Obama administration, to do the right thing. Take a walk, strengthen your hand, and don’t sell out America’s goodwill. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much to the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague 
from Florida, Dr. Y
OHO. 
b2115 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate 
my very dear colleague from Florida for bringing this very important topic to light. This is something the Amer-ican people need to weigh in on; and this is something, as you heard the passion tonight, the people talking about how this is not a good deal. This is not a good deal for anybody but Iran. 
I would like to do a chronological an-
thology of Iran’s nuclear weapons pro-gram. If you go back 30 years ago, they were working on gaining the tech-nology and the material to develop nu-clear weapons. 
John Bolton, in his book ‘‘Surrender 
is Not an Option,’’ talked about the cat-and-mouse game that Iran had played over the last 30 years of saying, No, we are not developing nuclear weapons; and they wouldn’t allow the inspectors in. 
The U.N. had resolutions and sanc-
tions, and eventually, the IAEA inspec-tors—the International Atomic Energy Agency—was allowed to come in. They caught Iran redhanded, developing nu-clear weapons. 
They apologized. They said: I am 
sorry. You are right. We were bad. We are not going to do it again. 
Then it started over again and then 
over again and over again. For 30 years, we have been playing the cat- and-mouse game. It hasn’t gone away. Their mission is to get nuclear weap-ons. 
When I look at George Bush, when he 
put sanctions in the 2000s on Iran to say enough is enough, the sanctions were in place, and they started. To President Obama’s credit, he tightened them up, and it put more pressure on Iran, and then it brought them to the negotiation table. 
When you negotiate on a deal—any 
deal—there should be mutual benefits to both sides. At the end of this, you will see there is no benefit to America, to the Middle East, and to world peace because, when those negotiations start-ed, as my colleague from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) brought up, there was no 
negotiation to release our four Amer-ican hostages. 
If you think that the sanctions were 
bad enough to put Iran in this great economic tragedy or pressure that was just crippling Iran and they couldn’t do anything and they came to the table to release the sanctions so that they could move on, but during that time period—this is what the American peo-ple need to know—during that time pe-riod, Iran was extending their arm and their reach into the Western Hemi-
sphere through Bolivia, through Ven-ezuela; and they were funding their ter-rorist arm, Hezbollah, that caused two terrorist attacks in Argentina in the nineties that was responsible for over 100 deaths and over 300 injured people— Iran was doing this at the time when the sanctions were on them, and they were supposed to be under this great economic stress—but they were doing that because they were funneling money through Venezuela and getting money for fuel plus armaments that they were selling. During this time, when we think our sanctions are work-ing, Iran is working against us. 
I have been here in the House for 2
1⁄2 
years, and I sit on the Committee on Foreign Affairs. During those 2
1⁄2years, 
we have had experts come in, over and over again, telling us about the threat of Iran creating new clear weapons. 
Over and over again, they said that 
Iran would have enough nuclear-en-riched material to have enough mate-rial within 6 months to a year to have five to six atomic bombs. That was over 2 years ago, so one could only rea-sonably expect that Iran has enough material for five to six nuclear bombs. 
This was backed up by Henry Kis-
singer and George Shultz in The Wall Street Journal editorial about 3 months ago, that they claim that Iran was about 2
1⁄2months to 3 months from 
having nuclear material. 
Then we moved down to the negotia-
tion. The negotiation was started—if people will go back and research the news—from the administration, from John Kerry. He said negotiations have started and that the whole purpose was Iran cannot and will not be permitted to have a nuclear weapon. Now, we are just going to delay them for 10 years. 
As my colleague from Georgia (Mr. 
C
OLLINS ) brought up, the snapback, if 
they break any part of this deal, there is going to be snapback. I mean, you have got to be from another planet to think that that is going to happen be-cause we are going to rely on China and Russia to say: Yes, we are with you. 
Russia has already sold $800 million 
worth of antimissile defense systems. In addition, during this period, when Iran had all these tough sanctions blocking their economy, Iran has been developing an ICBM program. 
An ICBM program stands for an 
intercontinental ballistic missile sys-tem. That is not for their neighbors. That is for Europe. That is for the United States. It is for people way out-side of Iran. They have done this with the economic sanctions. 
In addition, there is evidence that 
they have detonated a trigger device for a nuclear weapon. They have gone through expensive remediation, cov-ering up the site, covering up the soil, paving it, and not allowing our inspec-tors to go in there and inspect that— the IAEA inspectors that we are sup-posed to depend on to prove that what they are doing is for peaceful purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.158 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4951 July 8, 2015 
Then I look at what Iran has done 
over the years, when we have been in the Middle East, with our brave young men and women in the Middle East, fighting for security for this country and for the neighbors in the Middle East. Seventy percent of the wounds to our soldiers have come from IEDs. Ninety percent of those IEDs were cre-ated by Iran. 
Then, as we talked about in this nu-
clear negotiation, Iran has got to be limited to the amount of centrifuges for their peaceful nuclear program. 
Now, get this, for a peaceful nuclear 
program, you need tens of thousands of centrifuges to produce nuclear mate-rial to run nuclear reactors; yet, in this deal, we are only limiting them to 5,000 centrifuges. You only need a few thousand centrifuges to create nuclear weapons. It just doesn’t match up. 
As we talked about, in a negotiation, 
there should be a mutual benefit. I see no benefit for America. 
Again, talking to the experts in For-
eign Affairs, I asked them this ques-tion: With our negotiation with Iran, where we have given into everything and we have got nothing—keep in mind, we are supposedly the lone su-perpower of the world—when you go into a negotiation like this and you are operating from a level of weakness and not strength, how does that affect us around the world community? 
The experts told me that it has weak-
ened America’s standing in the world. It has weakened our negotiation power in the world. It has weakened and threatened our security in the Western Hemisphere. 
I agree with Mr. C
OLLINS . I hope the 
President is listening, but I am sure he is not; I hope Mr. Kerry is listening, but I am sure he is not, but I hope this message gets to them—that, if they are going to negotiate for America, they should negotiate from a point of strength, a point for what is right, not just for our country, but for the Middle East and for the rest of the world be-cause, if America is not strong and if we do not stand strong, there is not a secure world. 
I thank my colleague from Florida 
for bringing this up because this is a debate the American people need to 
hear. I hope they put pressure on the people in charge of this and bring this negotiation—as they have said over and over again, a bad deal they will not stand for—this is a bad deal, and this is something they need to walk away from. 
We, in the House of Representatives, 
need to block this in any way that we can. I will not, I shall not, and I cannot support this because what I see is we are trying to prevent that which we can’t, instead of preparing for that which will be. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I thank you, 
Dr. Y
OHO, and I think you laid out the 
chronology of the long timetable of the deceit that Iran has been dealing with in terms of their nuclear program. 
I thank all of my colleagues, Mr. 
Speaker, who joined tonight’s Special Order to discuss Iran’s nuclear negotia-
tions that are going on in Vienna as we speak. After missing deadline after deadline and allowing for extension after extension, we are now hearing that these negotiations may be open- ended. 
It is our job in Congress to conduct 
proper oversight on any proposed deal and to reject any deal that is not in the best interests of our national security or the security and stability of the en-tire region. 
As current law stipulates, if a deal is 
submitted for congressional review be-fore tomorrow, then Congress only has a 30-day review period. However, if this deal is submitted after tomorrow, we will have 60 days to review the terms of the agreement. 
Why should the administration fear 
an additional 30 days of review? If this deal is so good, as the administration keeps telling us, then it should be strong enough to stand up to congres-sional review and congressional scru-tiny; but the administration knows just how weak this deal will be. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s review, as my col-
leagues have done, how far back we have slid from conditions that we placed on Iran when we started and how much the P5+1 countries have caved through its concessions to this rogue and dangerous regime. 
Let’s start with this: there are six 
United Nations Security Council reso-lutions against Iran and its nuclear program. Each one of those resolutions puts restrictions on Iran and calls for a complete stop on uranium enrichment, a complete stop. 
The Supreme Leader argued that it 
had a right to enrich under the non-proliferation treaty, the NPT, to which it is a signatory, but of course, all of these alleged rights should have been forfeited once it was discovered that Iran had been in violation of the non-proliferation treaty and other inter-national obligations for decades be-cause it has been operating a covert nuclear program; yet the P5+1 coun-tries inexplicably ceded the so-called right to Iran. 
In fact, in 2009, the President clearly 
stated: ‘‘Iran must comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions and make clear it is willing to meet its respon-sibilities as a member of the commu-nity of nations.’’ 
That ended up not being true, as the 
President has caved on that commit-ment. The President has repeatedly stated in the past that Iran doesn’t need to have a fortified underground facility in Fordo, a heavy water reac-
tor in Arak, or some of the other ad-vanced centrifuges that they currently possess in order to have a peaceful nu-clear program; yet where are we now? 
Well, Iran will maintain Fordo and 
its capacity to produce and store heavy water while continuing to not just op-erate advanced centrifuges, Mr. Speak-er, but to also test and conduct re-search and development on them as well—how far we have moved those goalposts. There is also a serious and dangerous 
issue of the possible military dimen-sions, PMD, and Iran’s past nuclear ac-tivity. 
Just 3 weeks ago, Secretary Kerry 
confirmed what we long suspected, that disclosure of past nuclear activity is no longer a must-have for this administra-tion in this nuclear deal. 
How would any agreement that 
doesn’t demand that Iran at least come clean about the extent of its program going to be a good deal, Mr. Speaker? Don’t forget that the Supreme Leader has also repeatedly stated that Iran’s military sites would not be accessible to international inspectors. 
Let’s not forget one of the most im-
portant things here, the ultimate gift we have given Iran. This deal will help legitimize this rogue regime that will not only allow Iran to be viewed as a responsible nation, but it is no longer going to be the pariah state. We are going to say it is a trusted member of the international community, and we have done that. We have granted that legitimacy with these conversations. 
Also, the reports indicate—and I 
don’t hear any words to the contrary— that Iran may receive a $50 billion signing bonus, as if this is the NFL draft, a signing bonus which it will then use to support terror, which it will use to foment instability, which it will use to stoke sectarian tensions, which it will use to continue to threat-en Israel, which it will continue to un-dermine U.S. national security inter-ests. 
b2130 
Mr. Speaker, that is what their sign-
ing bonus will do. That is what sanc-tions relief will do. If the United States is willing to overlook all of these transgressions, all of these crimes, and negotiate a deal with Iran without pressing for changes in its actions, then it will be seen as an endorsement of those actions. 
Mr. Speaker, we have every indica-
tion that we are not going to get what any of us would remotely consider to be even a halfway good deal. The re-quirements for a good deal went out the window when the negotiators al-lowed Iran to maintain its entire nu-clear infrastructure and continue to enrich uranium. 
It is our obligation, then, to conduct 
our proper oversight and review and re-ject any nuclear deal that we feel is not in the best interests of our U.S. na-tional security. If we do that, we must move swiftly to reimpose any sanctions that have been suspended, any sanc-tions that have been waived against the regime, and to ensure that all sanc-tions are fully and vigorously enforced. Then we must move to enact additional sanctions on the regime until it meets its international obligations and aban-dons its pursuit of an illicit nuclear weapons program. Once upon a time, that was the goal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.159 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4952 July 8, 2015 
From the very beginning, Mr. Speak-
er, I have been saying that Iran is fol-lowing the North Korean playbook: of-fering to negotiate in return for con-cessions but never delivering on any-thing tangible, only to break off when they no longer need what we have been giving them. 
I wrote this op-ed on October 19, 2012, 
‘‘Ros-Lehtinen: Obama Still Trying to Sweet-Talk Iran Out of Building the Bomb,’’ and I was talking about the North Korea deal and how that dove-tails with the Iranian deal. I wrote of the dangers of the Obama administra-tion’s naive view that if we keep talk-ing, if we keep engaging with this rogue regime, then Iran will stop its drive for nuclear capability. 
I stated then, and I believe now, that 
this is what we are witnessing today, Mr. Speaker, that the Iranians will give the impression that a deal will be likely only to then pull away, that Iran benefits from dragging out the negotia-tions as long as possible because, as Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia said, the cen-
trifuges are still spinning, and they want to provide its nuclear program extra time in order to convince the world that an agreement is possible, leaving the administration and the EU to quietly ease sanctions enough to re-vive the stagnant Iranian economy that had been on the brink of collapse thanks to the sanctions that Congress placed on them; because that was the intent and the purpose and the objec-tive of the sanctions, not to get them to negotiate, but to collapse their economy so that they could not pour money into their terrorist activities and their covert nuclear program. 
But what we are seeing now is the ad-
ministration and other P5+1 countries will allow the terms of the JPOA and, thus, the easing of sanctions to con-tinue to be in place despite having overextended several deadlines. Iran never had any intention of coming to a real agreement, and we would be fool-hardy to believe that it does now, not when it is already getting everything it wants. Why should they concede any-thing now? 
Mr. Speaker, the only way that Iran 
will say yes to a deal is if it is so bad and so weak that Iran would be stupid and silly to walk away from it. Yet that is precisely what we are looking at right now, Mr. Speaker. Either Iran keeps dangling an agreement in front of the P5+1 and continues to get more sanctions relief, or the P5+1 completely and utterly capitulates to Iranian de-mands. 
So it is incumbent upon us, Mr. 
Speaker, to reject any deal that we view to be weak, any deal that we per-ceive to be a bad deal, any deal that is not in the interests of our U.S. na-tional security interests. 
We must also continue to push back 
on this false binary notion that tells you that it is either this deal—no mat-ter how bad it is—or going to war. That has been a fundamental misunder-standing of the purpose of the Iranian sanctions themselves. The fact that 
some believe that Iranian sanctions were designed only to get Iran to the negotiation table could not be further from the truth. The Iranian sanctions were designed to force the region to abandon completely its nuclear weap-ons ambitions, to give up its enrich-ment, and to dismantle its nuclear pro-gram. 
I should know, Mr. Speaker, because 
I am the author of several Iran sanc-tions bills, including the toughest set of sanctions against this terrible re-gime that are currently on the books right now. Sanctions, I might remind my colleagues and the American peo-ple, that the Obama administration fought us every step of the way or until it was clear that the administration could not stop our sanctions from be-coming law, and then they said, Okay, we will accept them. So there is an al-ternative to these misguided talks. 
That is how I am going to conclude 
my Special Order tonight, Mr. Speaker. We must abandon these talks that are just patently a farce. We immediately reinstate all sanctions against Iran that have been eased, that have been waived, that have been lifted, and that have been ignored by the Obama ad-ministration and enact even tougher sanctions on the regime. 
We were on the brink until Iran re-
ceived the lifeline that it needed. We gave it to them, and now we are the ones dangling on it as Iran’s economy is being brought back to life because of sanctions relief, and the regime has been gaining concession after conces-sion while never once making any change that would substantially and significantly set back its nuclear ambi-tions. 
So, Mr. Speaker, in the end, I will 
conclude with this: Reinstating and strengthening these sanctions, coupled with the credible threat that all op-tions are on the table, including the military option, could act as the deter-rent, but only if Iran recognizes that we are in a position of strength. That is why it is important that this body speak up. That is why it is important that we reject any deal we find to be insufficient, but we must also not let billions of dollars flow to the Iranian regime. We must start passing legisla-tion that would impose tougher sanc-tions. 
This is a matter of utmost concern to 
our national security. I urge my col-leagues to remain engaged on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C ULBERSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for July 7 and today on ac-
count of a family obligation. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, 
which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 91. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, July 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2062. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Beef From a Region in Argentina [Docket No.: APHIS-2014-0032] (RIN: 0579-AD92) received July 7, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2063. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Beef From a Region in Brazil [Docket No.: APHIS-2009-0017] (RIN: 0579-AD41) received July 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
2064. A letter from the Program Manager, 
BioPreferred Program, Office of Procure-ment and Property Management, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Guidelines for Desig-nating Biobased Products for Federal Pro-curement (RIN: 0599-AA23) received July 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
2065. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Prohibition on Con-tracting with Inverted Domestic Corpora-tions — Representation and Notification [FAC 2005-83; FAR Case 2015-006; Item II; Docket No.: 2015-0006, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AM85) received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2066. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Prohibition on Con-tracting with Inverted Domestic Corpora-
tions [FAC 2005-83; FAR Case 2014-017; Item V; ; Docket No.: 2014-0017, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AM70) received July 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2067. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Defining Larger Participants of the Auto-mobile Financing Market and Defining Cer-tain Automobile Leasing Activity as a Fi-nancial Product or Service [Docket No.: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JY7.161 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4953 July 8, 2015 
CFPB-2014-0024] (RIN: 3170-AA46) received 
July 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2068. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Maine: Alna, Town of Lincoln County [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8387] received July 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2069. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the 35th An-nual Report to Congress on the Implementa-tion of the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 (the Age Act) for Fiscal Year 2014, pursuant to Sec. 308(b) of the Age Act; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
2070. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated Sin-gle-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits received July 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2071. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of the General Coun-sel, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedures for Conven-tional Ovens [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-TP- 0013] (RIN: 1904-AC71) received July 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2072. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Review of Federal Drug Regulations with Regard to Medical Gases’’, pursuant to Sec. 1112(a)(2) of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012, Pub. L. 112-144; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2073. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revocation of General Safety Test Regula-tions That Are Duplicative of Requirements in Biologics License Applications [Docket No.: FDA-2014-N-1110] received July 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2074. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs): Revisions to Manifesting Regula-tions; Item Number [EPA-HQ-RCRA-2011- 0524; FRL-9929-92-OSWER] received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2075. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Modification of Significant New Uses of Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2014-0649; FRL-9928-93] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2076. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, Feather River Air Quality Management District 
[EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0164; FRL-9927-76-Region 9] received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2077. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan, Butte County Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0037; FRL-9928-50-Region 9] re-ceived July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2078. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — S-metolachlor; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0284; FRL- 9927-85] received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2079. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Ne-braska; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0106; FRL- 9926-49-Region 7] received July 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2080. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Kan-sas; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0104; FRL- 9926-48-Region 7] received July 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2081. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emissions Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Min-eral Wool Production and Wool Fiberglass Manufacturing [EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-1041 and EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-1042; FRL-9928-71-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AQ90) received July 2, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2082. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revised Exhibit Submission Requirements for Commission Hearings [Docket No.: RM15- 5-000; Order No.: 811] received July 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2083. A letter from the Director, Inter-
national Cooperation, Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense, Department of De-fense, transmitting notification of the De-partment of Defense’s intent to sign the agreement between the Department of De-fense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the Kingdom of Spain for Research, Development, Test, Evaluation, and Prototyping Projects, pursu-ant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Executive Order 13637, Transmittal No. 01-15; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
2084. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter regarding commit-ments in the Joint Plan of Action, pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2012 Secs. 1245(d)(5) and 1245(d)(1); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
2085. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-114; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2086. A letter from the Assistant Director 
for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Venezuela Sanctions Regulations received July 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2087. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-
dent and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas 2014 man-agement report and financial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2088. A letter from the Human Resources 
Specialist, Drug Enforcement Administra-tion, Department of Justice, transmitting three reports pursuant to the Federal Vacan-cies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
2089. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s small entity compli-ance guide — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-83; Small Entity Compliance Guide [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051; Sequence No.: 3] received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2090. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amend-ments [FAC 2005-83; Item VII; Docket No.: 2015-0052, Sequence No.: 2] received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
2091. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Permanent Author-ity for Use of Simplified Acquisition Proce-dures for Certain Commercial Items [FAC 2005-83; FAR Case 2015-010; Item VI; Docket No.: 2015-0010, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000- AN06) received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2092. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Clarification on Jus-tification for Urgent Noncompetitive Awards Exceeding One Year [FAC 2005-83; FAR Case 2014-020; Item IV; Docket No.: 2014-0020, Se-quence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AM86) received July 
2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2093. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Update to Product and Service Codes [FAC 2005-83; FAR Case 2015-008; Item III; Docket No.: 2015-0008, Se-quence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN08) received July 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JY7.000 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4954 July 8, 2015 
2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2094. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s summary presentation of final rules — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-83; In-troduction [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051; Se-quence No.: 3] received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
2095. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Inflation Adjust-ment of Acquisition-Related Thresholds [FAC 2005-83; FAR Case 2014-022; Item I; Docket No.: 2014-0022, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AM80) received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
2096. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s report on Federal agencies’ use of the physicians’ comparability allowance pro-gram, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5948(j) and Execu-tive Order 12109; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
2097. A letter from the Chairwoman, Vice 
Chair, and Commissioner, United States Election Assistance Commission, transmit-ting the 2014 Election Assistance Commis-sion’s (EAC) Election Administration and Voting Survey (EAVS) Comprehensive Re-port; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
2098. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Procurement, Office of Procure-ment, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — NASA FAR Supplement Regulatory Review No. 3 (RIN: 2700-AE19) re-ceived July 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
2099. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Clarifications to the Requirement in the Treasury Regulations Under Sec. 501(r)(4) that a Hospital Facility’s Financial Assist-ance Policy Include a List of Providers [No-tice 2015-46] received July 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2100. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of Effective Date for Temporary Pilot Program Setting the Time and Place for a Hearing Be-fore an Administrative Law Judge [Docket No.: SSA-2015-0010] (RIN: 0960-AH75) received July 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2101. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Plan for Expanding Data in the Annual Comprehensive Error Rate Testing (CERT) Report’’, pursuant to Sec. 517 of the Medi-care Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, Pub. L. 114-10; jointly to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
2102. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Com-mercial Repayment Center in Fiscal Year 
2014’’, pursuant to Sec. 1893(h) of the Social Security Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 350. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–193). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. K IND, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. T AKAI, Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. 
KEATING ): 
H.R. 2962. A bill to provide greater access 
to higher education for America’s students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. N EAL, 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. K IND, Mr. I SRAEL , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2963. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to encourage domestic insourcing and discourage foreign outsourc-ing; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2964. A bill to provide for enhanced 
Federal, State, and local assistance in the enforcement of the immigration laws, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act, to authorize appropriations to carry out the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
M
OOLENAAR , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
BENISHEK , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan): 
H.R. 2965. A bill to amend the Individuals 
with Disabilities Education Act to provide certain exceptions to the maintenance of ef-fort requirement for local educational agen-cies, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself 
and Mrs. N
OEM): 
H.R. 2966. A bill to amend the purposes of 
TANF to include reducing poverty by in-creasing employment entry, retention, and advancement; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 2967. A bill to develop a database of 
projects that are proven or promising in terms of moving welfare recipients into work; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 2968. A bill to provide for the conduct 
of demonstration projects to provide coordi-nated case management services for TANF recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HOLDING: 
H.R. 2969. A bill to eliminate the separate 
participation rate for 2-parent families re-ceiving TANF assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and 
Mr. L EVIN): 
H.R. 2970. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax on domestic manufacturing income to 20 per-cent; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H.R. 2971. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to bring certainty to the funding of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. F ARR, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEU of Cali-
fornia, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JY7.000 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4955 July 8, 2015 
Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico): 
H.R. 2972. A bill to ensure affordable abor-
tion coverage and care for every woman, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2973. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require for purposes of education tax credit that the student be law-fully present and that the taxpayer provide 
the social security number of the student and the employer identification number of the educational institution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for 
herself and Mr. B
ENISHEK ): 
H.R. 2974. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to increase the duration of follow-up care provided under the Veterans Choice Pro-gram; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for 
herself and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 2975. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs repays the misused benefits of veterans with fiduciaries; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. B
EYER , 
Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Mr. L EVIN, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. E NGEL , 
and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 2976. A bill to replace references to 
‘‘wives’’ and ’’husbands’’ in Federal law with references to ‘‘spouses’’, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
N
ADLER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T AKANO , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , and Mr. G RAYSON ): 
H.R. 2977. A bill to ensure the privacy and 
security of sensitive personal information, to prevent and mitigate identity theft, to pro-vide notice of security breaches involving sensitive personal information, and to en-hance law enforcement assistance and other protections against security breaches, fraud-ulent access, and misuse of personal informa-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Ms. B ASS, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
KEATING , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
ROYCE , Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. W ELCH , and Mrs. B USTOS ): 
H.R. 2978. A bill to require the Treasury to 
mint coins in commemoration of the Sesqui-centennial Anniversary of the adoption of the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which officially marked the abolishment of slavery in the United States; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. 
E
LLISON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C APUANO , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico): 
H.R. 2979. A bill to allow the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection to provide greater protection to servicemembers; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAMER ): 
H.R. 2980. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the 400th anniversary of arrival of the Pilgrims; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HUELSKAMP: 
H.R. 2981. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide that congressional testimony by Department of Veterans Af-fairs employees is official duty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself and Mr. 
H
ECKof Washington): 
H.R. 2982. A bill to amend title I of the Na-
tional Housing Act to modify premium charges and the dollar amount limitation on loans for financing alterations, repairs, and improvements to, or conversion of, existing structures, including energy efficiency or water conserving home improvements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. 
F
ARR, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. T ITUS, 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California): 
H.R. 2983. A bill to provide drought assist-
ance and improved water supply reliability to the State of California, other western States, and the Nation; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, Science, Space, and Technology, Transportation and Infra-structure, Energy and Commerce, the Judici-ary, Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. 
N
EAL, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. K INZINGER of 
Illinois, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M OULTON , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
KUSTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C APUANO , and 
Ms. T SONGAS ): 
H.R. 2984. A bill to amend the Federal 
Power Act to provide that any inaction by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Commis-sion for purposes of rehearing and court re-view; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 2985. A bill to require Federal law en-
forcement agencies to report to Congress se-rious crimes, authorized as well as unauthor-ized, committed by their confidential in-formants; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 2986. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, with respect to certain tort claims arising out of the criminal mis-conduct of confidential informants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Mr. K
ING 
of New York, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER ): 
H.R. 2987. A bill to amend the Financial 
Stability Act of 2010 to clarify the treatment of certain debt and equity instruments of smaller institutions for purposes of capital requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. P
RICE 
of North Carolina, Ms. L EE, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
H.R. 2988. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to es-tablish a grant program to fund additional school social workers and retain school so-cial workers already employed in high-need local educational agencies; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. 
LEE, and Mr. F ORTENBERRY ): 
H.R. 2989. A bill to encourage the warring 
parties of South Sudan to resolve their con-flict peacefully, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. L
ANGEVIN ): 
H. Res. 349. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Family, Career and Com-munity Leaders of America; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-
self, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS ): 
H. Res. 351. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing hydroelectric power; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself and Mr. 
M
CGOVERN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JY7.100 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4956 July 8, 2015 
H. Res. 352. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of a ‘‘Prisoners of Con-science Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mrs. 
N
APOLITANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. R UIZ, 
and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H. Res. 353. A resolution honoring the ac-
complishments and legacy of Juan Felipe Herrera; to the Committee on House Admin-istration. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 2962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 2963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2964. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘necessary and proper’’ 
clause. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 2965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with for-
eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be 
necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: 
H.R. 2966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 2967. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 2968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. HOLDING: 
H.R. 2969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 2970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall 
orginate in the House of Representatives’’ 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H.R. 2971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 2972. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2973. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 2974. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 2975. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 2976. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution and section 5 of Amendment XIV to the Constitution. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 2977. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 2978. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 The Congress shall have Power to coin 
Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: 
H.R. 2979. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the au-thority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 2980. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. ‘‘The Congress shall 
have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;’’ 
By Mr. HUELSKAMP: 
H.R. 2981. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 2982. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Excution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office thereof. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 2983. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: No money 
shall be drawn from the treasury, but in con-sequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 2984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—to provide for the gen-
eral welfare, and to regulate commerce among the states. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 2985. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 2986. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. MEEKS: 
H.R. 2987. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Aricle I Section 8 of the U.S. 
Constitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Governance of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ Under Article 1 Section 8 clauses 2 and 5 of the Constitu-tion, Congress possesses the authority to ‘‘borrow Money on the credit of the United States,’’ and ‘‘coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standards of weights and measures’’. Given the Congressional authorities enumerated above, I submit the attached legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JY7.100 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4957 July 8, 2015 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 2988. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 2989. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8—to regulate commerce 
with foreign nations, & among the several states, and with indian tribes; to make all laws which shall be necessary & proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers— 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 169: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 210: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 213: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H.R. 251: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 291: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 318: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 320: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 348: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 353: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 423: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 456: Mr. W ALKER . 
H.R. 465: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S MITH of Ne-
braska, and Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 508: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 510: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 540: Mr. R USSELL and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 556: Ms. T SONGAS and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California. 
H.R. 602: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
LAMBORN . 
H.R. 625: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 680: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 692: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 699: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 700: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington. 
H.R. 703: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 704: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 748: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 767: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 768: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 771: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 785: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 799: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 824: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 840: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 842: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 879: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 885: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 953: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 969: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 985: Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
and Mr. P ETERS  
H.R. 986: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 997: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and 
Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1027: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 1086: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1087: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1089: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1094: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas. 
H.R. 1100: Mr. W ALKER , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. 
KATKO . 
H.R. 1112: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. L YNCH , and 
Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. H ONDA and Miss R ICEof New 
York. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. 
LANCE . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1215: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
PETERSON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Ms. 
ADAMS . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1378: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. V EASEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida, and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 1448: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 1528: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1600: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1604: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1625: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1627: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mrs. 
BEATTY . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1683: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1684: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1686: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1688: Mr. K ILDEE and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1717: Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. D INGELL , and 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 1733: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. P ETERS on, Mrs. T ORRES , and 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. E STY, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 1836: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1853: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, and Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 1861: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1884: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1921: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1926: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1969: Mrs. B USTOS and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1977: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1986: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 2005: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2009: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 2016: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2030: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2041: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2083: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2110: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2130: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 2138: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 2221: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2285: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2287: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , 
and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2304: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
LANCE , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 2335: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2342: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 2355: Mr. L EVIN and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2361: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2398: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 2403: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2407: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
BARR, and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2410: Ms. A DAMS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2429: Ms. L EE, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. 
COHEN . 
H.R. 2441: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. K EATING , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. H IMES, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2450: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2466: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2520: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 2521: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. J EFFRIES , and 
Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2526: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 2551: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 2557: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2590: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 2604: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2606: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 2610: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
BERA, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York. 
H.R. 2653: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. H ARPER , and 
Ms. F OXX. 
H.R. 2654: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
O’ROURKE , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 2658: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 2659: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2675: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. S HIMKUS and Mr. K INGof 
Iowa. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C APUANO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 2742: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2749: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2752: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 2769: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2800: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mrs. 
ROBY, and Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. C ARNEY and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 2811: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2815: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 2817: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2824: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2849: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2850: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. D OLD, and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 2863: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
DEUTCH . 
H.R. 2866: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
VEASEY , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. 
DELBENE. 
H.R. 2878: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2905: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. M ESSER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.044 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4958 July 8, 2015 
H.R. 2909: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2920: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 2937: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B ARLETTA , and 
Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 2941: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. B OU-
STANY . 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. B RAT. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. N EALand Mr. P OLIS. H.J. Res. 55: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. G RIF-
FITH. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. C OOPER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. 
MCGOVERN . 
H. Con. Res. 57: Ms. E STY. H. Res. 24: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H. Res. 112: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H. Res. 235: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Res. 282: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. S IRES, Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H. Res. 310: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California. 
H. Res. 337: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H. Res. 344: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY7.061 H08JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4805 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 2015 No. 105 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, Your mercies endure 
forever. You continue to protect us with Your loving kindness, putting our enemies to shame. Be a shield for our Senators, preparing them for every challenge and fortifying them for every adversity. Lord, use them to show forth all Your marvelous works, con-tinuing to be their high tower in trou-bled times. May they not forget to serve all the people, including the op-pressed, the marginalized, the lost, the lonely, the last, and the least. Inspire them to live lives that show Your good-ness to our Nation and world. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
COATS ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, Re-
publicans and Democrats have long agreed that the No Child Left Behind law is broken and needs to be fixed, but the Senate didn’t do anything about it for 7 long years, missing its deadlines repeatedly. 
The new majority in Congress 
thought it was time to change that dy-namic. We thought it was time for bi-
partisan action instead. That is why we are taking up the Every Child Achieves Act today. It is bipartisan legislation drafted by a Republican former Edu-cation Secretary, Senator A
LEXANDER , 
and a Democratic former preschool teacher, Senator M
URRAY . It passed 
through committee with the support of every single Democrat and every single Republican. 
Just think about it. From third rail 
to unanimous bipartisan support, now that is an impressive achievement. It shows how a functioning committee process and a functioning Senate can, with hard work from Senators such as A
LEXANDER and M URRAY , break 
through the gridlock. It is another en-couraging sign for Americans who like what they are seeing from a new Con-gress that is back to work and back on 
their side. 
The American people know education 
is an issue that touches almost every single person in our country. They know how critical it is to our chil-dren’s future and many are upset with an education system in desperate need of reform. 
Although No Child Left Behind was 
well intentioned and laid the ground work for important reform to our edu-cation system, it is now clear that some of its requirements have become unachievable. For instance, basically every school is now considered failing under the law, and because the law has become so broken, the administration has found ways to effectively dictate education policy from the executive branch. That is not the right approach for our kids. The White House shouldn’t be trying to run your local school board. 
The Every Child Achieves Act would 
put an end to that kind of control from thousands of miles away. It would do so by eliminating onerous Federal mandates and reining in the power of the executive branch so States cannot be coerced into adopting measures such as Common Core. Instead of more Federal control, the 
bipartisan Every Child Achieves Act aims to empower teachers, parents, and students to improve education where they live. It would restore responsi-bility and accountability to States and local school districts. It would give them increased flexibility to design and implement their own education standards and programs. This bipar-tisan bill would also allow States to de-velop their own accountability models to include other measures beyond test-ing to determine student achievement and school quality and to determine the best ways to turn around underper-forming schools. 
Nothing out of Washington could 
ever solve all of our education chal-lenges overnight, but the Every Child Achieves Act takes positive steps for-ward. It recognizes that your local school board shouldn’t, in effect, be run from hundreds or even thousands of miles away. It recognizes that States and parents are going to know far more about the needs of their schools and their students than some detached bu-reaucrat in Washington. There are ideas both parties should support and, in fact, there are ideas both parties just did support unanimously in com-mittee. 
If Senators have changes they would 
like to see in the bill, now is the time for colleagues to work with the bill managers to get their amendments moving. We already have several lined up. 
This is a good debate for the country, 
so let’s continue working cooperatively across the aisle to empower States and parents, instead of Federal bureau-crats, to enact the education policies that actually work for their students. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.000 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4806 July 8, 2015 
DEADLINES IGNORED 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, one of the 
legendary Senators who recently re-tired from the Senate after many years in the House and the Senate, Tom Har-kin, if he were here, would be on the floor taking issue with what the Re-publican leader just said. 
Tom Harkin tried very hard to have 
a reauthorization of the elementary and secondary education bill. Why didn’t he get it? Because Republicans blocked us from doing it. So it is nice that my friend the Republican leader comes and talks about all the great things being done in Congress now, but the fact is it could have been done many years ago had we had a little bit of cooperation from the Republicans. 
The new Republican majority has ig-
nored upcoming deadlines and ne-glected to address urgent problems fac-ing our great country. I am saying that—and that is just an understate-ment. Instead, they have governed through a series of last-minute, manu-factured crises that increase uncer-tainty and impose unnecessary and wasteful costs on our country. In just a few minutes, we are going to debate the education matter, as we should. 
But as important as that is, it is ex-
tremely important we don’t take our eye off the prize. And what is that? Be-cause in just a few months, the govern-ment is going to run out of money. Un-less we can reach a bipartisan budget agreement, our Nation will be faced with yet another ridiculous and dam-aging government shutdown. 
Now, my Republican colleagues un-
derstand what I just said because they are the ones who created the last gov-ernment shutdown. It was a crushing blow to our economy. Sadly, the only reason we were able to reopen the gov-ernment is because Democrats voted almost unanimously to reopen the gov-ernment. Sadly, to just take one exam-ple, well over half of the Republicans, about two-thirds of the Republicans in the House, voted to keep the govern-ment closed. How about that. 
So another government shutdown 
would be unacceptable. But remember, it has been done before—with joy—by my Republican colleagues. Sequestra-tion is another thing they seem to like. 
So having had that as a historical 
background, we ought to be able to get together, compromise, and reach a bi-partisan solution for our country in a timely, responsible way. You would think so. 
As happened here before we left for 
the July 4th recess, there was an effort made to move to the Defense appro-priations bill, and that was stopped be-cause we believe that what we need to fund more than defense is we need to fund the whole government. We stand ready to work with Republicans to reach a bipartisan solution. Unfortu-nately, it seems as if Republican lead-ership shows no interest in com-promise. Democrats have urged them to come to the table now, and they have refused. Unless we act now, we will be faced 
with another Republican-imposed cri-sis at the end of this fiscal year. This should be avoided, and it can be avoid-ed. Don’t just take my word for it. There are Republicans in the House who believe the time for games and brinkmanship should be over. The New York Times today reports that high- ranking Republicans in the House are calling for negotiations again now: 
Senior House Appropriations Committee 
members, including the panel’s chairman, Representative Harold Rogers of Kentucky, have already told Republican leaders that the time to negotiate a way out of the im-passe is now, not in the shadow of a papal visit or a government shutdown on October 1. 
There is also in this same article, in 
the last paragraph, something that is quite important. 
‘‘The reality is we still live in a divided 
government,’’ Mr. Cole said. 
He is one of the senior Members of 
the House Republican caucus. 
‘‘It’s not as if the Democrats can be shut 
out. . . .’’ 
And we proved that with a vote on 
the Democratic response to the efforts to move to Defense appropriations. Continuing: 
‘‘It’s not as if the Democrats can be shut 
out, but they can’t dictate to us any more than we can dictate to them. It’s time to sit down and see if we can make a deal.’’ 
We can reach a deal. 
So I urge Republicans to follow the 
leadership of Chairman R OGERS and 
long-time Representative C OLE and 
work to get this process going now. Let’s not wait yet another week. Cer-tainly we shouldn’t wait any longer. Let’s move forward. Let’s not wait until the last minute. Let’s not risk another shutdown. Let’s sit down and talk to each other and reach a bipar-tisan budget agreement on behalf of the American people. The President and his people would be happy to be en-gaged any time on this. 
I certainly hope we can move forward 
and not have another repeat of what the Republicans did to this country just a short time ago and close it down. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1177, which the clerk will now report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray amendment No. 2089, in 
the nature of a substitute. Alexander (for Fischer) amendment No. 
2079 (to amendment No. 2089), to ensure local governance of education. 
Murray (for Peters) amendment No. 2095 
(to amendment No. 2089), to allow local edu-cational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy ac-tivities. 
Alexander (for Rounds/Udall) amendment 
No. 2078 (to amendment No. 2089), to require the Secretary of Education and the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a study re-garding elementary and secondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian country. 
Murray (for Reed/Cochran) amendment No. 
2085 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding school librarians and effective school library programs. 
Murray (for Warner) amendment No. 2086 
(to amendment No. 2089), to enable the use of certain State and local administrative funds for fiscal support teams. 
Toomey amendment No. 2094 (to amend-
ment No. 2089), to protect our children from convicted pedophiles, child molesters, and other sex offenders infiltrating our schools and from schools ‘‘passing the trash’’ helping pedophiles obtain jobs at other schools. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, as 
the Democratic leader leaves the floor, I thank him again for his cooperation and that of Senator M
URRAY of Wash-
ington in creating an environment in which we can move ahead on this bill. I greatly appreciate that and so do other Senators. That is demonstrated with the fact that we have had dozens of Senators who have come forward with amendments. Dozens of amend-ments have been agreed to, and Sen-ator M
URRAY and I will be recom-
mending to the full Senate that we adopt those amendments soon. 
I wish to take a moment to reflect on 
what we are doing in the Senate today. We spent a lot of time on national de-fense issues. The distinguished Senator who is presiding today is a member of our Intelligence Committee. He hears a great deal about ISIS, Iran, and the nu-clear deal we might have and about what is going on in Syria and Lebanon, and we want to do our best to be strong militarily so we can defend ourselves in the world. We also want to be strong at home. We want to make sure we have a strong country. 
Almost all of us agree that the single 
most important thing we can do to en-sure our future is to make sure our children and our adults continue to de-velop their educational skills, that they learn what they need to know and be able to do. 
I know in my home State of Ten-
nessee we are trying to compete with the whole world. We are making cars, guns, trucks, all sorts of computers, and all sorts of manufactured goods that we sell not only in the United States, but we sell them around the world. You walk into the Nissan plant in Tennessee, which has 7,000 or 8,000 employees today, it is the largest auto plant in North America, the most effi-cient, and very important to our State. It has helped to raise our family in-comes more than almost anything that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.002 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4807 July 8, 2015 
has happened there. But 30 or 40 years 
ago, it would have had 20,000 or 25,000 employees; now it has 7,000 or 8,000. Every one of those employees has to have considerable skills. They have to learn statistics and algebra and to speak English well. They have to learn to work with one another. In other words, they have to do well in schools, and they have to do well in postsec-ondary education, which is a separate discussion. 
So we are talking today on the Sen-
ate floor—and the House is talking to-morrow—about what we can do as the Congress to create an environment in which our children can succeed in schools. That is not always on the front pages in Washington, DC, but I can guarantee it is on the front pages at home. It is on the front pages in the rural areas of New Mexico, Indiana, and in the cities of New York and Ten-nessee because parents care about it, students care about it, and it is about our future. 
The Federal Government has a lim-
ited role in elementary and secondary education. The bill we are debating today is called the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It funds only about 4 percent of what the Nation spends on kindergarten through 12th grade. The Federal Government funds another 4 or 5 percent through dif-ferent programs, but States and local governments fund about 90 percent of what goes on in the schools. 
Not only is most of the funding ac-
tion local, but so is most of the real work—most of the real work. We have 100,000 public schools. We have 50 mil-lion children in those schools and 3.5 million teachers. No one is wise enough to know what to do about helping a third grader learn in a native village in Alaska, in the mountains of Tennessee, and in the center of Harlem at the same time. The ones who are closest to the children have the most chance to make a difference. Now, does that mean we have nothing to do here about it? No, I don’t think it does. I think education is a national concern. But that doesn’t mean it has to be a Fed-eral concern run from Washington and the U.S. Department of Education. 
The first President Bush, in 1989, 
called all the Governors together and established national education goals in math, science, English, history, and ge-ography. But he didn’t pass a law about that. He just created a consensus about that, and then he led the country in that direction, first through America 2000, which works State by State and community by community toward those goals. That was in the early 1990s. 
That was when we worked together 
to create higher standards for States. If you are going to have goals, you have to have standards. Where do you get those? Well, Governors worked to-gether to create them—voluntary na-tional standards. Then tests were de-veloped to see how you were doing on the standards—voluntary tests. Then came more choices for parents and 
then more charter schools, which are public schools in which teachers have more freedom to serve the needs of children presented to them and parents have the opportunity to choose those. Those were the directions the States were going. The States were going in the direction of better teaching, higher standards, and real accountability. 
Mainly because of the advantage of 
age, I happened to have been in the middle of all that. I was Governor when ‘‘A Nation at Risk’’ came out in 1983 and Terrel Bell, President Reagan’s Secretary of Education, said if a for-eign country had done to our schools what we had done, we would consider it an act of war. So Governors went to work on that. 
In the mid-1980s, Governors worked 
together for a whole year to try to get better results, and then throughout the 1990s and then on into the last 10 or 15 years. Now, what has been different about the last 10 or 15 years is that the Federal Government has gotten more involved. In 2001, there was No Child Left Behind. The major contribution of No Child Left Behind was to say that we would like to know how the chil-dren are doing—all 50 million of them. So they each were to take a test, two in each year—third grade through the eighth grade, for example, and then again in high school—in reading and math, and then they would take three science tests. Through their career, there were 17 tests. 
The testimony before our education 
committee says those tests should take about 2 hours each. It is not a lot of time. That should be publicly reported, and then you disaggregate those tests by various groups so we can see if we are leaving children behind. Are we leaving the African-American kids be-hind? Are we leaving the White moun-tain kids behind? That is information that we need to know as a society. 
The bipartisan legislation we are de-
bating on the floor keeps those tests because we need to know those meas-ures of achievement. But what our leg-islation does that is different is it says we are going to do something different about what we do about the results of those tests. We are going to restore that responsibility to the States, the classroom teachers, the school boards, and to the parents. That is where that belongs, and that has produced a re-markable consensus. 
Newsweek magazine said this week 
that No Child Left Behind is the edu-cation law that everybody wants to fix—a remarkable consensus about that. And that is true. We hear it from everyone. But what is even more re-markable is that there is also a con-sensus about how to fix it. That emerged during our hearings this year, as Senator M
URRAY , the Senator from 
Washington and the senior Democrat on our Senate committee that deals with education, looked at the last two Congresses—as I did—and she said: Well, you know, we haven’t done so well. We have broken down the parts 
and differences. So why don’t you and I write a bill—Senator M
URRAY and I— 
and present it to our committee for consideration. 
So we did that—a bipartisan bill. 
Now, our committee is not just any old committee, as the majority leader has said. It has on it some of the most lib-eral Democrats and some of the most conservative Republicans. So you would think we would have a hard time getting together, but we did pretty well. We listened to each other, and we adjusted our views. We considered a lot of amendments, and we adopted 29. When it came time to decide if we had done well enough to bring it to the floor, the vote was unanimous. Every single Senator voted for that. 
So we are in a situation today where 
we have a chance to succeed. The House of Representatives, apparently, will vote tomorrow on No Child Left Behind—on their version of the bill. If things continue to proceed as they are today, we should finish our work next week. Senator M
URRAY and I have 
stayed in touch with President Obama and Secretary Duncan, and we know that, in the end, if we get a result, we will need to have a Presidential signa-ture. We want a result. We are not here to make a political statement. The lives of the children and the future of our country are too important for that. We are not here to play games. We can do that in other places. We are here to get a result and help move our country forward and do it together. 
I see Senator M
URRAY is here. So I 
will conclude my remarks and give her a chance to say whatever she might like to say. I will conclude with these thoughts. One of the questions we hear is: Are the States really prepared to ac-cept this much responsibility? 
Now, to a former Governor, such as I 
am, that is a strange question. I look up at Washington when I am home and I say: Are you prepared to accept all of this? I trust us. I trust the State much more than Washington. But it is a le-gitimate question. I would answer that, No. 1, States are better prepared today than they were 15 years ago. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD an op-ed from 
the Washington Post from last week-end written by Anne Holton, the Sec-retary of Education of Virginia. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, July 3, 2015] 
REVISING —NOTELIMINATING —TESTS TOMAKE 
VA. SCHOOLS BETTER  
(By Anne Holton) 
As the 12-year-old daughter of then-Gov. 
Linwood Holton Jr., I helped integrate our formerly racially divided public schools here in Virginia. I have spent much of my work-ing life focused on children and families at the margin, with full appreciation of the cru-cial role education can and must play in helping young people escape poverty and be-come successful adults. 
As Virginia’s education secretary, I over-
see one of the strongest public education sys-tems in the nation. Our graduation rates are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.003 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4808 July 8, 2015 
well above average, and we outperform most 
other states on the Nation’s Report Card. A significant factor in our success has been the Standards of Learning (SOL) accountability system Virginia implemented in the 1990s. 
The rest of the nation followed in Virginia’s footsteps when No Child Left Behind was signed into law in 2001. Virginia led again when we moved several years ago from as-sessing for minimum competency to our cur-rent college- and career-readiness standards, complete with rigorous, high-stakes testing. 
Our successes have come with challenges. 
Parents, educators and students resound-ingly tell us that our kids are over-tested and over-stressed. Eight- and 10-year-olds suffer through multi-hour tests that measure their endurance more than their learning. Barely verbal special education students whose individualized education plans are fo-cused on independent living skills are in-stead drilled incessantly on a handful of facts for a modified SOL exam. Teachers are teaching to the tests. Students’ and teach-ers’ love of learning and teaching are sapped. 
Most troublesome, Virginia’s persistent 
achievement gaps for low-income students have barely budged. We have done a good job of identifying challenges but have been less successful in addressing them. An unin-tended consequence of our high-stakes ap-proach is that it is now even harder to re-cruit and retain strong educators in our high-poverty communities. Many of the best opt instead for schools where demographics guarantee better test scores; too often fine teachers leave the profession. 
In Virginia, we are ready to lead the na-
tion again. Last year, Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) and our General Assembly took bipar-tisan action to reform the SOLs. We elimi-nated five end-of-course tests and created an SOL Innovation Committee to recommend further changes. This year—again with strong bipartisan support—we are moving to credit progress and growth more when we evaluate our schools. 
The parents, educators, school board mem-
bers, legislators and business leaders on the Innovation Committee are looking more broadly at what our graduates need for suc-cess as citizens and workers in the 21st cen-tury and at how we can best guide our schools toward those outcomes. Business leaders tell us they need students with skills such as oral communication, teamwork and problem-solving as much as substantive knowledge. As we work to grow and diversify our economy, our Innovation Committee is looking at how our schools can better meet those needs. 
This approach will probably generate even 
bolder proposals. Strong accountability will continue to be a hallmark of our system, but we have faith that, as has been said, ‘‘Re-sponsibility and delight can coexist.’’ 
Students need congressional leaders to fol-
low Virginia’s example of bipartisanship to enact common-sense changes to federal edu-cation laws now. Those changes should focus on enabling local and state educators to pre-pare every child for success as adults and in-spire and encourage states. But they also should leave us sufficient flexibility to im-prove our accountability systems, reintro-duce creativity into the classroom and bet-ter address persistent achievement gaps. 
Thankfully, leaders on Capitol Hill are 
also hearing calls for reform. Sens. Lamar Alexander (R–Tenn.) and Patty Murray (D– Wash.) have co-sponsored legislation to reau-thorize No Child Left Behind. Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Education Committee voted—unanimously—to send it to the full Senate for consideration; it is ex-pected to be taken up soon. The same spirit of bipartisanship was demonstrated in the House recently when Reps. Bobby Scott (D- Va.) and Richard Hanna (R–N.Y.) introduced 
legislation to improve early learning. I en-courage every member of Congress to set aside partisan concerns, find commonalities and take action this year to fix No Child Left Behind so that we can move all our chil-dren forward on the road to success. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Ms. Holton start-
ed out in a very prominent Republican family in Virginia, and she ended up in a very prominent Democratic family in Virginia. But as she points out in her remarks, their work in education is bi-partisan. She makes the point about how much progress Virginia has made in terms of goals, standards, account-ability, and testing. It is very impres-sive, and most States can say the same. 
What has happened in the last 15 
years is that Governors, school leaders, educators, and parents have worked to-gether and created standards, tests, and now accountability systems. In other words, what do you do if things aren’t working out the way they should? 
Second, we have seen the limits of 
the Federal Government trying to do it. I think President George W. Bush and President Obama deserve credit for looking at our Nation and seeing this is an urgent problem and wanting to do more from here. That is an understand-able impulse. But there are limits to what you can do from here. We have 
seen that in the backlash to common core—the academic standard which was incentivized or mandated from Wash-ington. We have seen that in the back-lash to teacher evaluation defined in Washington. 
The truth is that too much Wash-
ington involvement in setting stand-ards in States and evaluating teachers in cities sets back teacher evaluation and higher standards, which to me are the holy grail of K-through-12 edu-cation. The path to higher standards, the path to better teaching, the path to real accountability is not through Washington, DC. It is through the States. 
We can create an environment, we 
can make sure there is not discrimina-tion, and we can send some money that will help low-income children. All those things we can do. But then we need to show some humility and recog-nize, as Carol Burris, Principal of the Year from New York, said: Moms and pops, teachers, and school board mem-bers cherish their children in their own communities, and you don’t really get that much wiser and smarter by flying to Washington and passing a law. 
So this bill shows that humility. It 
shows a consensus. It is a good example of how the Senate can work together on an important issue. As I said, I am grateful to the majority leader for put-ting it on the floor. He had many choices, but he saw the importance of it. I am grateful to the Democratic leader for some work he has done be-hind the scenes to make it easier for us to succeed. I thank Senator R
EIDfor 
that. And I am especially grateful to Senator M
URRAY for caring about chil-dren and her prestigious leadership on 
this. 
We are moving well on amendments. 
I would encourage any Senator with another amendment to come to the floor quickly and let us know about it, because other Senators have—and Sen-ator M
URRAY and I have agreed on—a 
large number of amendments already that we are going to recommend the Senate adopt by consent. We will have a vote probably around noon. We will vote again this afternoon and again to-morrow morning. We want to finish as quickly as possible. 
Hopefully, the House will succeed, 
and we will put our bills together and present the President with a bill he can sign, and we will fix No Child Left Be-hind, which is the bill Newsweek maga-zine said is the education law that ev-erybody wants to fix. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, again, 
I really want to thank my colleague, the senior Senator from Tennessee, for working with me on this bipartisan bill. Senator A
LEXANDER and I are both 
committed to fixing the current law known as No Child Left Behind. 
I am glad we are having this very im-
portant debate on the Senate Floor. Nearly everyone agrees that No Child Left Behind is badly broken. As I have traveled around my home State of Washington over the past decade, I have heard from so many of my con-stituents—from teachers in the class-room to moms in the grocery store to tech company CEOs—that we have to fix this law. 
Our bipartisan bill, the Every Child 
Achieves Act, is a good step in the right direction. It gives our States more flexibility while also including Federal guardrails to make sure all students do have access to a quality public education. I am looking forward to improving and strengthening this bill throughout the process on the Sen-ate floor and beyond. I am going to continue working on helping our strug-gling schools get the resources they need, and I will be focused on making sure all our kids, especially our most vulnerable students, are able to learn and grow and thrive in the classroom. 
This bill could not be more impor-
tant for students across the country, and it is critical for the future of our Nation. When all students have the chance to learn, we strengthen our fu-ture workforce, our country grows stronger, and we empower the next generation of Americans to lead the 
world. So I am looking forward to get-ting to work and hopefully moving for-ward on fixing No Child Left Behind and making sure all of our students can learn regardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents earn. 
I join with Senator A
LEXANDER in en-
couraging our colleagues to file their amendments so that we can continue making progress on this very impor-tant piece of legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.001 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4809 July 8, 2015 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to support the Hirono-Heller amendment No. 2109, which deals with Asian American and Pacific Islander, or AAPI, student data. 
AAPIs are the fastest growing popu-
lation in the United States, but it is important to highlight that we are not all the same. I know this from my per-sonal experience. 
Just a few months ago, I attended the 
White House state dinner for Japanese Prime Minister Abe. The next day, there was a nice photo in the Wash-ington Post with a caption that said, ‘‘Senator M
AZIE HIRONO and her 
guest’’—except it wasn’t me. It was ac-tually my good friend Congresswoman D
ORIS MATSUI of California. 
In my time in Congress, I have often 
been mistaken for other AAPI mem-bers. Just a few months ago, during the budget debate, when I was on the floor of the Senate, C–SPAN identified me as Senator Daniel K. Inouye. I have been mistaken for J
UDYCHU, who is Chinese, 
and others. I may be the only AAPI in the Senate right now, but we are not all the same. We come from different places and have vastly different back-grounds that make us who we are today. 
The same is true in education. Our 
current law and the Every Child Achieves Act use the broad ‘‘Asian Americans/Pacific Islander’’ category to cover all AAPIs. This AAPI group includes Chinese, Japanese, Viet-namese, Asian Indian, Filipino, Ko-rean, Native Hawaiian, Samoan, and others. 
When we look at averages, the AAPI 
group does very well overall, but in fact there is a model minority myth. The current AAPI category hides big achievement gaps between subgroups. For example, 72 percent of Asian Indian adults have a bachelor’s degree or high-er, but only 26 percent of Vietnamese adults do, and only 14 percent of Hmong adults do. This adult data comes from the 2010 census. But we don’t have data on how AAPI children are doing. 
The Hirono-Heller amendment is 
simple. Today, we already have public report cards on how students in dif-ferent groups are doing. Parents can look up a school district online and see what percentage of its White or His-panic students are scoring well in read-ing or math. With our amendment, dis-tricts with large populations of AAPI students will simply add a piece onto their report cards to show how AAPI subgroups are doing. Our amendment uses the same 11 categories as the cen-
sus. Parents are familiar with it be-cause they filled out the census infor-mation just a few years ago. 
The Hirono-Heller amendment is a 
bipartisan compromise. Our amend-ment would only apply to large school districts with over 1,000 AAPI students. Let me be clear—not districts with 1,000 students total but districts with 1,000 AAPI students. Currently, that is only about 400 school districts out of more than 16,000 school districts na-tionwide. Less than 3 percent of school districts would have to do anything at all. These districts should want to know how their students are doing so they can help all students succeed. 
Currently, the following States 
would not be affected at all by our amendment: Delaware, Maine, Mis-sissippi, Montana, New Hampshire, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wyoming. 
I have heard concerns that adding 
this AAPI data would be overly burden-some. The bill we are considering today already adds new reporting on mili-tary-connected student achievement. Districts can update their data systems to add checkboxes for military-con-nected children and AAPI children at the same time. This is not overly bur-densome. Just as we are adding a new field to cover military-connected stu-dents, adding new fields that include AAPI subgroups will be just upgrading the software schools use. 
In fact, the Hawaii Department of 
Education, DOE, is a national leader in using AAPI data. Hawaii DOE collects AAPI data on student registration forms. They easily put the data in their computer systems, which all staff can access. Having AAPI subgroup data is helpful for Hawaii’s school adminis-trators and policymakers, who analyze achievement gaps in college and career readiness, set statewide strategy, and then hire staff and target extra help to the highest need students. Hawaii DOE also shares the data with the Univer-sity of Hawaii system to collaborate on student outcomes, such as credit com-pletion and reducing remedial ed. 
Principals who learn that a certain 
AAPI subgroup is doing poorly in their own school can choose to hire more staff for outreach to that community or can partner with community groups on afterschool programs, et cetera. Teachers can spend more time on par-ent outreach to help high-need stu-dents in their classroom. That is why the Hirono-Heller amendment has the support of the National Association of Elementary School Principals, the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Principals, and the National Education Association. 
Districts in North Carolina, Cali-
fornia, Washington, and others are doing similar work. Other districts around the country can make the ap-propriate changes to their systems. There are automatic software updates for student data systems that can add new data fields. It is important to share the data pub-
licly. Community groups can highlight best practices among schools that serve their students well and encourage other schools to improve. Parents de-serve to have this data, too. 
In the coming days, we will be dis-
cussing traditional public schools, pub-lic charter schools, and private schools. No matter where you stand on these issues, parents deserve to know how their schools are serving the needs of their kids so they can best help their children succeed. 
Our amendment is endorsed also by 
school choice advocates such as the Na-tional Association of Public Charter Schools. 
Just like current law in the broader 
ESEA bill we are discussing, there is no reporting if a subgroup is too small to maintain student privacy. 
Our amendment was carefully crafted 
with the support of the National Coali-tion of Asians and Pacific Americans, the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, National Council of La Raza, the NAACP, and over 100 other civil rights, educators, and wom-en’s groups and the disability commu-nity. They worked together very close-ly on the language and agreed that data disaggregation for AAPI sub-groups is a top priority. 
AAPI groups across the country are 
making their choices heard by posting photos of why they are more than just a large Asian population. They are posting these pictures on Tumbler, Twitter, and Facebook. In fact, I saw one of those postings where students were holding up placards that say: I am AAPI, but I am also Japanese. I am AAPI, but I am also Korean. 
Join them at hashtag ‘‘All Students 
Count.’’ 
I thank Senator H
ELLER and his staff 
for their support and hard work on this bipartisan compromise bill. I also thank Senator R
EIDof Nevada, Senator 
BALDWIN , Senator B OXER , Senator 
CANTWELL , Senator C ASEY , Senator 
FEINSTEIN , Senator F RANKEN , Senator 
MARKEY , and Senator S CHATZ for co-
sponsoring my stand-alone bill, the All Students Count Act, which goes fur-ther than this amendment we will be voting on today. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment because, in fact, all stu-dents count. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time until 12 noon be equally divided be-tween the two managers or their des-ignees; further, that at 12 noon, the Senate vote on the following amend-ments, with no second-degree amend-ments in order to any of the amend-ments prior to the votes: Reed amend-ment No. 2085 on school libraries; War-ner amendment No. 2086 on fiscal sup-port teams; and Rounds amendment No. 2078 on education in Indian Coun-try study. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.005 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4810 July 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. For the informa-
tion of all Senators, we expect to need a rollcall vote on the Reed amendment, and the Warner and Rounds amend-ments will be adopted by voice vote. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, the 
deadline for negotiators to strike a deal with Iran on its illicit nuclear pro-gram has been extended yet again. The deadline was June 30. It was postponed until Tuesday, and that was put off again for a few more days. 
According to the Wall Street Jour-
nal, the chief negotiator said: 
We are continuing to negotiate for the 
next couple of days. That does not mean we are extending our deadlines, we are inter-preting [the deadline] in a flexible way. 
What does that mean? You either 
have a deadline or you don’t have a deadline. 
By the end of the week, the White 
House could announce that it has struck a deal or it could say once again it needs more time. If there is a deal, Congress will need to look very closely and carefully at what it actually says. 
There are some important things 
that I will be looking for in any agree-ment that is struck. First and fore-most, any deal is going to have to dis-mantle Iran’s nuclear weapons pro-gram. It is going to have to prevent Iran from ever developing a path to a nuclear weapon. It is going to have to ensure that Iran completely discloses its past work on nuclear weapons. Iran is also going to have to submit to an inspection and verification regime that is both extensive and long term—not just inspections when the Iranians want it, when they allow it, or where they say it can occur. That is the only way we can really confirm that Iran’s promises are more than empty words. 
America and other countries should 
not suspend sanctions until all of these conditions are met. So far, I have not seen much to indicate that our nego-tiators understand how important these goals are. 
There appear to be a lot of questions 
that have not been resolved and a lot of foot-dragging by Iran to try to get ad-ditional concessions. 
On Sunday, Secretary of State John 
Kerry said: ‘‘We’re aiming to try to fin-ish this in the timeframe that we’ve set out.’’ Well, that timeframe was 7 months ago, in November of last year. 
The Obama administration said it had reached what it called an interim agreement in November of 2013, and it said that it had a deadline of 1 year to reach a final agreement. That would have been November of 2014. When No-vember 2014 came along, Iran got 6 more months to bully this administra-tion into giving up even more ground. 
The deadline has been pushed back 
time and time again. According to news reports today, it may be pushed back even further. 
The Obama administration started 
negotiating with Iran more than 5 years ago. In 2009, President Obama said that we ‘‘will not continue to ne-gotiate indefinitely’’ with Iran specifi-cally. Secretary of State Hillary Clin-ton said that same year that the win-dow of opportunity for Iran would ‘‘not remain open indefinitely.’’ I would love to know what their definition of the word ‘‘indefinitely’’ is. 
I think these missed deadlines are 
embarrassing for the Obama adminis-tration. The administration’s willing-ness to keep extending the talks make it look desperate. You know what. The Iranians know it. That is a big prob-lem. 
Iran is now demanding that the arms 
embargo be lifted as part of the nego-tiations. This recent last-minute de-mand shows that Iran knows how des-perately eager President Obama is for a deal, any deal. This issue was supposed to have been settled already. In April, the White House said that ‘‘important restrictions on conventional arms and ballistic missiles’’ will be a part of any final agreement. Now Iran is seeing that the President and Secretary Kerry are desperate for an agreement to build their legacy, so it is bringing up the arms embargo again. 
According to news reports, our nego-
tiators have been willing to make a lot of concessions to get any deal. There was an article recently in the Wash-ington Post about the negotiations. The headline was ‘‘In final hours, Kerry says Iran talks can go either way.’’ The article said that negotiators have ‘‘a general feeling that they have come too far to fail.’’ 
I want to be clear. Walking away 
from these negotiations without a deal is not a failure. Failure would be sign-ing a bad deal. Failure would be lifting sanctions before Iran has shown that it has begun dismantling its nuclear pro-gram. Failure would be a deal that does not automatically reinstate sanctions if it turns out Iran is not complying with the deal. Failure would be a deal that allows any money Iran gets from sanctions relief to end up continuing to support terrorism, which Iran does. Failure would be a world that is a much more dangerous place for all of us. 
So far it seems as if this administra-
tion is willing to make a deal at any cost. We have seen one point after an-other where the administration has ap-parently agreed to give the Iranians ex-actly whatever they want. The negotia-
tions went from initially being about stopping Iran’s nuclear program to now being an attempt to delay or to man-age Iran’s nuclear program. 
Even before the June 30 deadline 
passed, Senator M
ENENDEZ said: ‘‘For 
me, the trend lines of the Iran talks are deeply worrying; our red lines have turned into green lights.’’ 
That is from a Democratic Senator. 
It was that kind of concern that led Congress—this Senate—to pass a law in May saying that Congress would be able to review any deal with Iran be-fore the Obama administration could lift sanctions. Remember, the Obama administration fought that law—a law with a bipartisan, veto-proof majority in this body. The President didn’t want Congress or the American people to have any say at all. Actually, the White House said they were planning to go directly to the Security Council of the United Nations before going to the elected representatives of the peo-ple of the United States. 
Any deal with Iran on its nuclear 
program would have a huge effect on our security, and the American people do get a say. If somehow the adminis-tration manages to strike a deal and it sends over all the necessary materials, Congress—if it is done today—will get 30 days to review it. That is time we can use to make sure it really is in our country’s best interest. If the adminis-tration can’t get us the full text of an agreement before this Friday, the timeline jumps up to 60 days to review it. That is what we said in the law we passed in a bipartisan way this spring. 
If our negotiators can reach a deal 
with Iran, whenever that happens, Con-gress will use the time to look very closely at every word. If our nego-tiators can reach a deal with Iran, whenever that happens, Congress will make sure that we look at every word and know what is in it. The goal—the entire reason we are having these nego-tiations—is not just to get Iran to say yes to something; the goal initially was and should remain to stop Iran’s il-licit nuclear program. 
If the Obama administration allows 
Iran to continue with that program, the world will be less safe, less stable, and less secure. Any agreement our ne-gotiators come up with must be ac-countable, must be enforceable, and must be verifiable. If that is not the case, then it is a bad deal, and the Obama administration must not strike a bad deal with Iran. This Nation and the world cannot afford that, and Con-gress cannot allow it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the quorum call be equally divided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. I thank the Pre-
siding Officer, and I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.007 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4811 July 8, 2015 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, we are 
here today to consider the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the bill that has been known for years as No Child Left Behind. It is a bill the Con-gress was supposed to reauthorize more than 7 years ago. 
When school kids come to visit me in 
my office here, I often ask them: What would happen if you showed up and were told that your homework was 7 or 8 years late? That is how long it has taken us to get to this place. 
As the Presiding Officer may know, 
before I came to the Senate, I had the honor of being the superintendent of the Denver Public Schools district, which now has 95,000 children in it, 67 percent of whom qualify for free and reduced lunch. 
I should note that we got some sad 
news in the last month or two. For the first time in our country’s history—for the first time in the history of the United States—over half of the chil-dren attending public schools in our country qualify for free and reduced lunch. That is due to two decades of stagnant middle-class family incomes and the effect of the worst recession since the Great Depression. 
What people in Washington need to 
understand is that when it comes to education in this country right now, our kids don’t have a fair fight, espe-cially our kids living in poverty. If you were born poor in the United States of America, you will have heard 30 mil-lion fewer words than your more afflu-ent peers when you show up for kinder-garten. Ask any kindergarten teacher in the country whether that makes a difference, and they will tell you it does. 
What are we doing as a country to 
fill that gap? Not much. By the time kids get to elementary school—their early years—only one out of five is reading proficiently of the kids who were born poor and 20 percent are read-ing at grade level. Ask any middle or 
high school teacher whether that is going to make a difference when that child gets to middle school or high school. 
Where does it end in the land of op-
portunity for kids who are born into poverty in this country? If you are born poor in the United States of America, your chances of getting a col-lege degree, or the equivalent of a col-lege degree, is 9 in 100, which means— in this global economy of ours—that every year becomes less and less for-giving to people who have less of an education. And 91 out of 100 of our kids are going to be constrained to the mar-gin of the economy and the margin of the democracy from the very outset. 
There are 100 desks in this room. 
There are 100 chairs in this room. If we weren’t the Senate but instead kids 
born into poverty in this country, not even those three rows of desks over there in that corner would represent people graduating from college. Every-body else in this room would not have the benefit of a college degree. We would never accept those odds for our own children. The people in the Senate would never ever accept those odds for our own children. If our kids faced the odds of showing up to kindergarten having heard 30 million fewer words than their peers and if you knew it was assured that your child had a 20-per-cent chance of reading at grade level when they got to elementary school, I guarantee you would leave this place. You would leave the Senate, and you would go home and address the prob-lem. 
But when it comes to public edu-
cation—especially when it comes to our kids who are living in poverty in this country—we stop treating them as if they were our kids. We are treating them as if they were someone else’s kids. We are leaving it to luck as to whether a kid can fill that 30-million- word gap. 
I am sure the Presiding Officer knows 
this. There are entire cities in this country and rural areas in this country where school choice would be meaning-less because there is not a good school to choose from. There is not a school in the neighborhood or in the city that anybody in this body would send their kid to. That is where we are. 
Over the last decade or so, we made 
progress in many places across the country. The Denver Public Schools is one of those places. It is the fastest growing urban school district in the United States. 
In 2005, the kids who attended Denver 
Public Schools were dead last in terms of student growth compared to any school district of any size in the State of Colorado. For the last 3 years Den-ver Public Schools has led the State in terms of its student growth, both for kids who receive free and reduced lunch and kids who do not receive free and reduced lunch. Thirty percent more kids graduated and went to col-lege this year than in 2005. 
Now, I am the first to say that we 
have a long, long way to go in Denver to make sure that the ZIP Code you are born into doesn’t determine the educational outcome you get, but we are making substantial progress. And I say that if we could say as a country that every single urban school district since 2005 showed a 30-percent increase in kids going to college, we would be feeling a lot better about where we are headed. 
There is a lot of debate in this body 
about what tax policy ought to be and whether we ought to think about redis-tributing wealth and who should pay what share of taxes. Some people view it as everything ought to be decided out there by the market. I understand that point of view. But if that is your point of view, you better be doing ev-erything you can to be sure that every 
single kid in the country has an excel-lent shot at an education, because if you don’t, then you are basically say-
ing, if you have the bad luck to be born to a poor family in this country, you are on your own. You are on your own, and you have a 9-in-100 chance of get-ting a degree that is actually going to allow you to compete in the global economy. 
One thing I know about kids who are 
born in this country, they don’t get to pick who their parents are. They don’t get to decide whether they are born into a ZIP Code that is going to fill that 30-million-word gap by the time they get to kindergarten or that is going to give them excellent school choices or that will allow them to go to college. 
Today, while we are not talking 
about higher education, this is very much a part of this K–12 conundrum because college has become harder and harder to afford, even at a time when it is much more important for people to succeed. 
I saw some data the other day that 
said that for the average cost of tuition in this country, the average cost of col-lege, a family in the bottom quartile of income earners, after you account for student loans, grants, and student aid, would have to consume 85 percent of their income to afford 1 year of college; whereas, if you are in the top quartile, it will cost you 15 percent of your in-come. Is that fair? It didn’t used to be this way. In the 1970s, it wasn’t this way. In the 1970s, a Pell grant covered 76 percent of what it cost to go to the average college in this country. We are rolling up the carpet on the next gen-eration of Americans, and I don’t think it is fair. I don’t think it is right. 
We should be having a debate about 
the size and scope of government. I be-lieve that. We should have that debate. But as we are having that debate, we should keep in mind that we have an obligation to fulfill to honor the obli-gation our parents and grandparents fulfilled for us, which is to make sure that if you were willing to work hard, if you were willing to study hard, that college was going to be something that was attainable and it wasn’t going to strangle you in debt. 
Too many families across Colorado 
are facing this challenge, and the sad-dest thing I hear in my town is when somebody comes and says: We can’t af-ford to send our kids to the best college they got into. What a waste that is— what a waste for that student, what a waste for our society. So there is more for us to do on college affordability. 
But today we are talking about the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act. I think we actually make substan-tial progress in this bill. I want to say how pleased I am with the leadership of Chairman A
LEXANDER and the ranking 
member P ATTY MURRAY . They have 
done an exceptional job of managing this bill through our committee. 
We have a very diverse committee. 
We have the junior Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.009 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4812 July 8, 2015 
Vermont on the committee and we 
have the junior Senator from Kentucky on the committee, and because of Chairman A
LEXANDER ’s leadership and 
the work and leadership of the ranking member Senator M
URRAY , the bill ac-
tually passed out of the committee unanimously. Imagine that—around this place, where we can’t even agree on how to publish a report or what time we should come to work, we have a committee in the U.S. Congress where Republicans and Democrats unanimously agreed on a bill. Let me tell you, it wasn’t easy. If it were easy, we would have done it on time. We would have done it 8 years ago when we were supposed to do it—when our homework was due—but I suppose it is better late than never, and I am very pleased with the product. 
There is more I would like to add, 
but I think—I know the teachers, prin-cipals, and school leaders across Colo-rado need us to fix No Child Left Be-hind, and I hope we can finally get it done this time. 
This bill is a good starting point. It 
eliminates NCLB’s one-size-fits-all ap-proach to education, which we know will not work, and it re-empowers those who are closest to our kids to make the decisions that need to be made for their benefit. This bill in-cludes many key elements. Impor-tantly, it includes the requirement for annual assessment. I know testing is not popular. I have three kids in the Denver Public Schools. My three daughters go to those schools. I get an annual report on what the testing looks like. I believe we are overtesting our kids, but I don’t think that is be-cause of the Federal requirement. 
I see the Senator from Tennessee. Does the Senator want to speak? Mr. ALEXANDER. Just listening. Mr. BENNET. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
I think there is a lot we can do to 
streamline those tests, but it is not the Federal requirement that is causing it, it is the way the Federal requirement works with State assessments and dis-trict assessments, and we have to do a better job. I also think we ought to think differently about the testing we are doing for teaching and learning, which needs to be continuous, ongoing, and inform a teacher’s instruction and inform the principal’s leadership at the school. 
The testing that is done for account-
ability should be a lot less. We heard testimony from the superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, Tom Boasberg, who told us he thought that 
for accountability purposes, probably all we need is 4 hours a year in reading and math. I know the Bennet girls would settle for that. They would agree with that. They would do that deal. But until somebody comes up with a better way of measuring where kids are, we need the annual assessments. We have to have them because it is the only way you can show growth. 
When No Child Left Behind started, 
it asked and answered a completely ir-relevant question—a question that was 
so frustrating to the teachers I knew in the Denver Public Schools and to our principals. It asked: How did this year’s fourth graders do compared to last year’s fourth graders? This is a completely irrelevant question. 
Today, because of the work that has 
been done in Colorado leading the way, States all over the country now meas-ure the growth of kids. What we ask is, How did this year’s sixth graders do compared to how they did as fifth grad-ers, compared to how they did as fourth graders, and compared to every-body else in the State who has a statis-tically similar test history? Why is that important? Because it allows you 
to establish growth or show growth. Then one can actually evaluate how well a school is doing, because it used to be in No Child Left Behind, under adequate yearly progress—which asked that long question of how did this year’s fourth graders do compared to last year’s fourth graders—it used to be we measured what was called status: How proficient were the kids, how lucky were those kids. You might have a school where kids were proficient but were actually losing ground in terms of academic proficiency, and we were re-warding those schools. We were calling those schools blue ribbon schools. There were also schools in poorer parts of town where teachers were killing themselves, students were killing themselves, and they weren’t proficient because they started so far behind, but they were getting more than a grade level or two grade levels of increased proficiency during the course of the year. Do you know what those schools were called under No Child Left Be-hind? Those schools were called failing schools. We called those teachers fail-ing teachers. We called those students failing students, those who were achieving 2 years of growth. Their more affluent peers might have been losing ground, and we were saying they were winners. We have moved past that. This bill now acknowledges that. I wish this bill required growth—which it doesn’t—but I believe States and dis-tricts will use growth to measure data. 
The bill also continues to require 
that States and districts disaggregate data so we can actually understand where kids are. That is really impor-tant. Before No Child Left Behind ex-isted, we had absolutely no idea. Now we know. The hard truth is that kids of color in this country aren’t doing near-ly as well as Anglo kids in this coun-try. Kids living in poverty aren’t doing nearly as well as their middle-class or more affluent peers. We need to do bet-ter. 
I run into people periodically who 
say to me that you can’t fix it unless you fix poverty. You can’t fix the edu-cation system unless you fix poverty. Don’t tell kids in my city who are liv-ing in poverty that that is true. Out-side of every one of our schools it says ‘‘school.’’ It doesn’t say ‘‘orphanage.’’ It says ‘‘school.’’ We need to make sure every one of those schools is delivering 
for every kid in our community, no matter where they come from. Other-wise, what is left of us? What is left of this land of opportunity? 
Before No Child Left Behind existed, 
we had an impression, a vague sense of the inequities in our educational sys-tem. Now we understand how deep they are, how rooted they are, and we have to continue to build on the successes we have seen in high-quality schools working in poor neighborhoods that have actually delivered for kids all over the country. 
This new bill—and I see the Senator 
from Texas is here and I will yield to him as soon as he is ready. 
The new version of the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act impor-tantly empowers States to design their accountability systems, giving them more flexibility while ensuring that es-sential information is included. I think that is an important recognition, led by Chairman A
LEXANDER , that there 
was a real overreach in No Child Left Behind. 
As a former school superintendent, I 
can say I used to wonder all the time why Washington was so mean to our teachers and to our kids. What I have realized since coming here is that it is not that everybody here is mean. They mean well. But this place is the far-thest place in the universe—I mean that literally, I don’t mean that figu-ratively—this is the farthest place in the universe from a classroom in the Denver Public Schools or a classroom anywhere in this country, and I think No Child Left Behind in many ways was an overreach. The last thing I want to be told as a superintendent is how to do my work in Denver. I want to insist that we do the work. I want to insist that children all over this country have a chance, no matter what State they are born into, no matter what neighborhood they are born into, but I don’t want people here telling people how to do that work. There is a dis-tinction. 
I have more to say about this, but I 
see my friend from Texas is here, so I will yield to him. Before I do, I just congratulate the chairman of the com-mittee who is here on the floor, Sen-ator A
LEXANDER from Tennessee, for 
his extraordinary leadership on this bill. 
Again, I remind my colleagues who 
are listening to this, what a rare— rare—occurrence this is. This is a bill that passed unanimously out of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, and that would not have happened without the leadership of Senator L
AMAR ALEXANDER and Sen-
ator M URRAY , the Senator from Wash-
ington. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Colorado for his gra-ciousness. I come to the floor to speak about this important topic of early ele-mentary education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.010 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4813 July 8, 2015 
I recall that when President George 
W. Bush was Governor of Texas—of course, education was one of his big-gest priorities both at the State and the national level when he became President. He had an interesting obser-vation. He said the more you talk about education, the more people real-ize you actually care about it. So I ac-tually think it is important to talk about it, that we think our way through this legislation and figure out what we can do to equip our children who are increasingly in a competitive environment, not only locally in our States and Nation but globally. 
One of the real joys of the job of a 
U.S. Senator is getting to visit with 
students in our State, and I did so last week when I was back home. I met with a group of middle-school students in Amarillo, way up in the Texas Pan-handle, at the tail end of a camp teach-ing students valuable skills in science, technology, engineering, and math, the so-called STEM fields. I was very im-pressed with what I saw. First of all, the instructors found out how to make this fun, which is an important ele-ment in this education because some of this stuff can be pretty dry and boring, if my memory serves me correctly. They were literally building robots, and then they presented their final projects to parents and teachers in a friendly competition. Needless to say, I wish I had that kind of instruction. Maybe I wouldn’t have veered into the legal profession. I would have done something more productive in a field of science. I am saying that with a tongue planted firmly in cheek, of course. But I wish I had instructors who would have inspired me to learn more about those important topics by using these sorts of tools. 
I also previously visited, for example, 
United High School in Laredo, where I was able to meet with high school stu-dents who were taking part in a first- of-its-kind program that teaches cur-riculum specific to the oil and gas in-dustry in the region. Why is that? Well, because the shale plays in Texas are the source—the reservoirs really—this huge volume of oil and natural gas is being produced from. Lo and behold, it is not just producing income for the people who are drilling those wells and completing them, it is creating a lot of jobs. What these students and the school districts, such as United High School in Laredo, have discovered is that this is really an opportunity for these students in high school to begin to learn some of the basics of petro-leum engineering and other things that will prepare them for good, well-paying jobs later in life. 
This program included internships, 
training, and dual-credit courses at a local community college. These stu-dents were going to high school, but they were actually getting college credit at the same time at the local community college. Of course, they were getting real-world skills that they need to succeed in a burgeoning indus-try once they graduate. Importantly, 
graduates from the program will have, as I said, access to high-paying, good jobs right out of high school, which, unfortunately, the history has been in Laredo, TX, in South Texas, that that hasn’t always been the case. 
So this is a very hopeful develop-
ment, thanks to the innovation in the oil and gas industry and thanks to the foresight and the genius, really, of the local school district there in Laredo, TX. 
This is a great example of how local 
communities and the economy can work to shape education and provide a win-win opportunity for students, local industries, and the greater community. United High School was able to create this program because it had the free-dom and flexibility to develop its own curriculum with tailored input from local leaders, teachers, parents, and in-dustry leaders—the people who create jobs and who are looking for people with discrete skills that they would then bring to the table to provide the workforce they need. 
This groundbreaking program in La-
redo was not thought up here in Wash-ington, DC. It is a product of local in-genuity and a community response to the educational needs specific to its students. I think this type of mindset is very important in education because, as we have learned over the years, the bureaucracy in Washington can’t tailor programs that will suit the needs of children in a wide variety of school dis-tricts across our States and across the country—not in Laredo, not in Ama-rillo, and not anywhere else in the country. 
That is why I am happy this week 
that the Senate is considering legisla-tion that will help return a large meas-ure of the responsibility for our chil-dren’s education to those closest to them—their parents, their teachers, the local school boards—and not so much the Federal Government. The Federal Government does have an in-terest and we as Americans all have an interest in being able to compete in a global environment and in high stand-ards, those that will cause our students to strive to attain skills that they can use to compete anywhere in the world. But in terms of its actual implementa-tion, I am pleased that this legislation will push more of those decisions out of Washington and back home to local school districts and parents. 
This legislation is, of course, called 
the Every Child Achieves Act. It pro-vides a roadmap to ensure that our children receive and retain a quality education. By giving the responsibility for actually implementing programs that will help students achieve these high standards—it will give each State and the districts the flexibility they need to design and implement their education programs and systems. 
This is really sort of another applica-
tion of what Louis Brandeis called the ‘‘laboratories of democracy’’ when he was referring to the State government. I think he was referring to that impor-
tant principle of our Constitution known as federalism, as ensconced in the 10th amendment in particular. 
There is an irreplaceable role that 
the Federal Government plays in some aspects of our life. National security is perhaps the preeminent one. But there is a lot of benefit to getting some ex-periments at the State level, and then we can learn without imposing a one- size-fits-all approach from Washington, DC. What works best? Then we can then learn and be informed by those practices in a way that improves the result. I am thinking of criminal jus-tice reform as another example in my State, where we were an early partici-pant in prison reform, which now has formed some of the basis for bipartisan legislation that we are considering here in the Senate. 
Because of the successful laboratory 
experiments back in Texas and Rhode Island and other States, we are now taking those best practices and those results and figuring out how we apply those to the benefit of other parts of the country. 
Under this legislation, States such as 
Texas can decide how to use federally mandated test results to assess per-formance of students, schools, and teachers. This gives the States much needed relief from pressure to teach to the test—something I hear over and over again back home, that teachers are finding that rather than a program where they teach STEM subjects using robots and inspire young, creative minds to engage and learn the science they need in order to play these sorts of games in a competition with robots, teachers are finding themselves in a position of teaching to the test in sort of a mind-numbing process that nobody would find particularly inspiring. So this takes some pressure from that teach-to-the-test mentality and also gives States additional freedom to pro-vide students with a well-rounded edu-cation. 
Put simply, with this legislation, 
States can decide for themselves what standards they need to adopt, and, im-portantly, this legislation limits the power of the Secretary of Education to ensure that the Federal Government cannot dictate, direct, or control State curriculum or standards. 
How insulting is it to have the States 
come on bended knee to the Secretary of Education and ask: Will you please let us have a waiver so we can try this creative or innovative way of deliv-ering an education to our students back home? How insulting is that and how contrary to the original scheme of our government as created by our Founders. 
So this bill, which was unanimously 
passed out of committee—and I con-gratulate the chairman, Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , and the ranking member, Sen-
ator M URRAY , and all members of the 
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee for voting out this bill unanimously. This is a great bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.011 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4814 July 8, 2015 
process which has produced a very good 
product. It is also just one of more than 150 bills reported out of Senate committees so far this year—another sign that the Senate is back to work for the American people. 
I look forward to continuing the 
great progress we have made in this Senate by getting real education re-form passed soon. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2085 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor today to urge all of my col-leagues to support the Reed-Cochran amendment to encourage States and school districts to integrate school li-brary programs into their plans for im-proving student academic achieve-ment. 
I would first like to thank Senator 
C
OCHRAN for his longstanding partner-
ship in supporting school libraries. He has been a steadfast champion for en-suring that students have access to these vital resources. 
Fifty years ago, when President Lyn-
don Johnson urged Congress to enact what would become the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, he spe-cifically called for an investment in school libraries, saying that school li-braries were simply ‘‘limping along’’ and insisting that we do better. Sadly, this ‘‘limping along’’ is still true for too many communities in our United States. 
This spring, the Washington Post ran 
articles on the inequitable access to school libraries in public schools in our Nation’s Capital, reporting that one school library in a wealthy part of town had 28,000 books in a library that spanned two floors, while 12 miles away, in a school in a poorer part of the town, the school library had only 300 books along two walls. If that is not a stark example of one of the things we hope we can fix through this act, I can-not think of anything more direct and to the point. 
Recently, noted author James Pat-
terson made a pledge to help school li-braries. More than 28,000 applications came in. 
One librarian reported that school li-
braries in her State had not received any funding for three-quarters of a dec-ade and that their collections and equipment were out of date and in dis-repair. I suspect she is not alone in making such a report. We see this ne-glect despite the fact that evidence shows that effective school library pro-grams, staffed by a certified school li-brarian, have a positive impact on stu-dent achievement. 
While I would like to see a much 
more robust school library-focused ini-tiative included in the reauthorization, along the lines of the bill I introduced with Senator C
OCHRAN , I am very 
pleased that the underlying bill in-cludes an authorization for competitive grants to help high-need school dis-tricts strengthen and enhance effective library programs. However, we need to 
do more to encourage States and school districts to integrate school li-brary programs into their overall in-structional programs. 
Effective school library programs are 
essential supports to educational suc-cess. If you understand how to use the library in school, that is not a skill that goes away; in fact, it will be a skill for the rest of your life that you will use time and time again, not only for your pleasure but for your progress and the progress of your family. Know-ing how to find and use information is an essential skill for college, careers, and life in general. A good school li-brary, staffed by a trained school li-brarian, is where students develop and hone those skills. 
The Reed-Cochran amendment will 
encourage States and school districts to ensure that students have access to effective school library programs. 
Once again, I thank my colleague, 
Senator C
OCHRAN . 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes on 
this bipartisan amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2078 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak on my amendment to the Every Child Achieves Act, which is amendment No. 2078. I would like to thank Senator U
DALL for joining me in 
supporting this important amendment. 
Since my time working in the South 
Dakota State Legislature and also as Governor of South Dakota, education in Indian Country has faced incredible obstacles, especially in rural and high- poverty areas. This is true not only in my State but across the entire Nation. Because of these barriers, 10 out of 13 Bureau of Indian Education high schools in South Dakota have gradua-tion rates below 67 percent, and 6 of those schools have graduation rates at or below 40 percent. Meanwhile, the na-tional high school graduation rate is 80 percent. These graduation rates must be changed, and my amendment will help lay a foundation to fix the sys-temic problems Indian Country faces. 
To address these concerns as well as 
other States’ concerns, an analysis needs to be conducted to more closely examine these educational downfalls. So today we are proposing an amend-ment to the Every Child Achieves Act that would direct the Departments of Interior and Education to both study and create strategies to address these challenges. This amendment is being supported by the National Indian Edu-cation Association, the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association, and the National Education Association. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, amendment No. 2078 will have no impact on Federal spending. 
This amendment would require the 
Departments of Interior and Education to conduct a study in rural and pov-erty-stricken areas of Indian Country in order to identify Federal barriers that restrict tribes from implementing 
commonsense regional policies instead of a one-size-fits-all policy directed from Washington. It requires that they identify recruitment and retention op-tions for teachers and school adminis-trators and identify the limitations in the funding source and flexibility for schools that receive these funds. It would study and provide a strategy on how to increase high school graduation rates. 
It is critical that we identify the lim-
itations and barriers which tribal schools face and lay out a strategy to fix those problems. I hope my col-leagues will join Senator U
DALL and 
me in supporting this straightforward amendment to help our students in In-dian Country. 
I yield the floor. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, while 
we wait on another colleague, I thought I would talk about another as-pect of this bill that I think is very im-portant. 
For the first time in this country’s 
history, finally, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act is going to require districts to report actual per- pupil expenditures, which will shed light on extraordinary funding inequi-ties in this country. 
We are one of three countries in the 
OECD, because of the way we fund our public schools in the United States, that actually spends more money on more affluent kids than we do on kids living in poverty. That is not well un-derstood, but that is a fact. That is the truth. 
We need to be concerned with closing 
the achievement gap in the United States, because if we look at the aca-demic outcomes for kids in this coun-try and extrapolate those outcomes against the changing demographics in the United States, we are not going to like what we see in the middle of the 21st century if we don’t make these changes. One would think, if anything, that we would be spending more money on kids living in poverty, coming from disadvantaged backgrounds than we do on kids coming from advantaged back-grounds. But we do the opposite in the United States, and the Congress, for decades, has looked the other way. 
I believe we need to close this loop-
hole. It is called the comparability loophole. We don’t do that in this legis-lation, but at least the requirement where we move to reporting based on actual rather than average expendi-tures is an important step in the right direction. 
I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.012 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4815 July 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, it is 
my understanding the Senate is still considering remarks with respect to the education legislation that is pend-ing before the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2085 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am 
coming at this issue from a unique per-spective. Both of my parents were schoolteachers. As I was growing up in Mississippi, my father was county su-perintendent of education of the larg-est public school system in Mississippi for several years. My mother was a mathematics educator, teacher. They had both earned graduate degrees as well as undergraduate degrees from colleges and universities in our State of Mississippi. My brother and I had the good fortune of growing up in this environment of learning and reading. 
So I have to confess I am biased in 
support of legislation that helps to strengthen the capability of our Na-tion’s teachers and school administra-tors in providing opportunities for not only reading but complex learning at early ages, which would have been sur-prising to those of that generation to look around and observe the great strides we are making in education throughout America. 
Growing up with this perspective and 
my appreciation of the importance of good teachers in our schools makes me understand perhaps more than most the importance that education serves in the lives of students, their teachers, and their communities where they grow up. 
When I was a student, I went to the 
library to check out a book. Now, there are all kinds of ways to get in touch with the written words. Today, our school librarians are more often spe-cialists with education and specific training that help students learn how to access educational material in every manner in which education is available in an increasingly digital society. Chil-dren who know how to read and are comfortable using information tech-nology are more likely to grow up with a capacity to learn throughout their lifetimes. 
The amendment I have offered with 
my good friend, the senior Senator from Rhode Island, seeks to help equip school librarians to do an even better job. Our amendment would allow schools throughout the country to use Federal funds in the way they see fit to strengthen their libraries. My hope is that the use of these additional funds will improve education and literacy among children throughout America. 
It is my understanding the bill man-
agers support this amendment. I appre-
ciate very much not only the good as-sistance and friendship of Senator R
EEDbut his help specifically with this 
legislation. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I 
come here today to speak about the bill pending before us, the Every Child Achieves Act. This is the successor to the No Child Left Behind Act, which is the successor to the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. 
Fifty years ago, in 1965, as part of 
Lyndon Johnson’s wanting to end pov-erty in the United States of America and to lift people up, he asked Congress to pass the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It was the first legisla-tive act where the Federal Government was involved in education. Up until that time, education was thought of as the purview of the States and local dis-tricts. President Johnson agreed with that, as did the Congress, but at the same time they knew there were chil-dren living in the abysmal situation of poverty, and at a time of national pros-perity he wanted to lift those children up. 
Great legislation passed during the 
next 50 years ago, such as Head Start, which continues to be a hallmark of early intervention to help our children. Of course, programs such as Medicare were also passed at that time. But it was the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and particularly title I, that would bring additional Federal re-sources to our local communities. Again, this was focused on helping poor children close the achievement gap and giving them the ability to fully partici-pate in our society. 
Well, that bill went on until 2001, 
when President Bush said he wanted to make sure that children were out of poverty. President George Bush said: I am a compassionate conservative. I am concerned about the soft bigotry of low expectations of poor children, particu-larly poor children of color, and we have to do something about it. That brought about the experiments that oc-curred in the States relating to metrics and so on for highly qualified teachers, using words such as ‘‘evidence-based,’’ and we passed No Child Left Behind. 
What happened, though, instead of 
helping poor children—we had many successes. We did face the fact that we did have low expectations. There was a soft bigotry. We agreed with the won-derful comments of Secretary Condoleezza Rice that were spoken at the Republican National Convention when she said that education is the civil rights issue of this time. 
Now, what do we have here? We have 
a bipartisan effort led by Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY to come up 
with yet one more reform of this his-toric legislative framework. I support their efforts. I want to salute their ef-forts. What they were able to do in this bill was to focus again on helping poor children achieve and supporting State 
and local governments not with inter-vention but with assistance in order to help. 
We do know that one of the legacies 
of having metrics was that we so regu-lated our teachers to make teaching al-
most inflexible, and we started to race for the tests instead of racing for the top. I believe the efforts of Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY deal with the 
mistakes of No Child Left Behind and move ahead to close that achievement gap. 
I support the general framework of 
this legislation. I am proud of the addi-tions I have made to this bill, one of which was to really make sure there were allowable uses for something called wraparound or integrated serv-ices. While we insisted there be highly qualified teachers in the classroom, the teachers cannot deal with poverty. 
They cannot deal with the fact that 30 percent of our children who come to school every day are homeless. They have no home. The school is their edu-cational home. They need a social worker. They need a school nurse. The mental health challenges of many of our children are astounding. So we were able to add that in. 
The other thing is we were over-
looking a national treasure. I was a big supporter of something called the Jav-its bill. Senator Javits of New York many years ago realized we had an overlooked treasure in our commu-nities, and it was the gifted and tal-ented children, children who are of ex-ceptional educational capacity. 
Again, coming back to the words of 
George Bush, there is that soft bigotry of low expectations. We often come with a latent bias that we don’t believe poor children are smart. We don’t be-lieve—many times because of latent bias or overt bias—that they are capa-ble of achieving. What I moved in this bill was, under title II, once again, ac-knowledgment that in poor schools with poor children, there are gifted and talented kids, many of whom have been identified by outstanding programs—in my own State, the Johns Hopkins school for gifted and talented children. We were able to put that in the bill. 
I look forward to moving this bill for-
ward because I believe we support our teachers, we once again deal with low- performing schools, and at the same time we provide administrative and local flexibility so that we minimize national mandates and maximize local achievement. 
I salute Senators M
URRAY and A LEX-
ANDER . I know there are some amend-
ments which will be pending, such as Burr to title I, which I will oppose be-cause every county in my State loses money and will lose up to $40 million. 
I note that the hour of noon is arriv-
ing and that a vote will soon be under-way. I look forward to supporting the bill, provided that the Burr amendment is not included. 
I salute Senator A
LEXANDER for his 
leadership and for encouraging bipar-tisan participation. I thank Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.014 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4816 July 8, 2015 
MURRAY for her leadership and for in-
cluding so many of these important re-forms in our bill. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Maryland for her remarks, her contributions to our committee, her bipartisan leadership, and her effective leadership both in higher education and in elementary and secondary education. 
I enjoyed listening to the remarks of 
the Senator from Colorado, the former Denver school superintendant, who has added so much to our committee. 
I congratulate the Senator from Mis-
sissippi for his contribution to the amendment on which we are about to vote. 
We will have one rollcall vote on the 
Reed-Cochran amendment, and then we will have two votes following that, which will be voice votes. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2085 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Under the previous order, the 
question now occurs on amendment No. 2085, offered by the Senator from Wash-ington, Mrs. M
URRAY , for Mr. R EED. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 98, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 222 Leg.] 
YEAS—98 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin 
Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill 
McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Udall 
Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse 
Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
King Rubio 
The amendment (No. 2085) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2086 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2086, offered by the Senator from Wash-ington, Mrs. M
URRAY , for Mr. W ARNER . 
The amendment (No. 2086) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2078 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2078, offered by the Senator from Ten-nessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER , for Mr. 
ROUNDS . 
The amendment (No. 2078) was agreed 
to. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:48 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. S
COTT). 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the distin-guished Senator from the State of Ohio, Mr. B
ROWN , be recognized at the 
conclusion of my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRAGEDY IN SOUTH CAROLINA  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, before I 
make my remarks, I would like to commend the Presiding Officer and Senator G
RAHAM and the people of the 
great State of South Carolina on the way they have handled the terrible tragedy that took place in their State. 
I know time and again we have all 
heard on the floor of the Senate and in conversations we have had in private the amazing mercy and grace shown by the families of the victims of the ter-rible tragedy that took place, but equally as well the great way in which the elected officials in the State of South Carolina, led by the Presiding Officer and Senator G
RAHAM , have 
caused a terrible event to be a learning experience for all of America and an example for the way in which tragedy should be dealt with. I want the Pre-siding Officer to know how much I per-sonally appreciate it, but I know I speak on behalf of all of the people of Georgia as well. 
Mr. President, I will speak briefly 
about two subjects. 
Mr. President, I am one of the two 
people left in the Congress who had something to do with No Child Left Be-
hind. The other one is J
OHNBOEHNER , 
the Speaker of the House. I will never forget that night in 2001, in the base-ment of the Capitol, after the con-ference committee finally came to an agreement on No Child Left Behind—us talking about how proud we were of what we had done but more how we knew that if we did not get it fixed by the end of the sixth year, it would go from being a positive change in edu-cation to a negative. 
It is now 13 years later. We have gone 
7 years without a reauthorization. What became a good goal of meeting adequate yearly progress, setting standards for schools, and remediating schools that were in trouble has be-come a bill where 80 percent of the school systems in America have to ask for waivers to even operate. It is a bill that no longer is doing what it was in-tended to do for the education of our children. 
I commend Senator A
LEXANDER and 
Senator M URRAY for the unbelievably 
good work they have done to bring the new reform of the ESEA to the floor of the Senate today. I participated in all the hearings, as did the Presiding Offi-cer. The Presiding Officer knows what I know: that we brought about com-promise and common sense. We created a bill that is good for children, good for educators, and good for America. 
First and foremost, it gets us out of 
the national school board business, which is Chairman A
LEXANDER ’s favor-
ite statement for the Department of Education. 
People forget that the U.S. Depart-
ment of Education is not mentioned anywhere in the Constitution of the United States. It is mentioned in two places. One is in title I in the Civil Rights Act of the 1960s when we pro-vided funds for free and reduced-price lunches for poor students to give them a leg up and second in 1978 when, in the Carter administration, we passed what was known as Public Law 94–192, which created special needs children benefits or what is known as the Individuals with Disabilities Act. Those are the only two places in statute that the Federal Government has a role. Sen-ator M
URRAY and Senator A LEXANDER  
have seen to it that we recognize that fact. 
We enhance education where we are 
supposed to, but we turn it back over to the States, where it belongs and where it should be. 
Secondly, one of the big buzzwords in 
bad brand labels that have taken place in education is Common Core. Common Core is a lot of things to a lot of peo-ple, but most importantly for many people it is a Federal mandate of stand-ards, it is a homogenization of stand-ards, and it is a mandate the American people do not like. 
This bill ensures there will be no 
Common Core mandate by the Federal Government to the States and ensures local control of curriculum from begin-ning to end. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.016 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4817 July 8, 2015 
Then, as I said a minute ago, to en-
sure that it gives local control, it does away with the waiver business and puts all local school boards and State boards of education in control of their education. 
On the question of testing, it does 
away with federally mandated tests and says to systems: You develop the test and the assessment mechanism yourself. We just want you to have standards that are made good for stu-dents to improve and grow their edu-cation. But we want to make sure that every student has the access they can to be tested well and improve. For ex-ample, we have done some creative things in this bill, such as give assisted technology funding capability out of title I to handicapped children in title I qualifications so they can use as-sisted technology to take exams they otherwise could not take. A student with cerebral palsy, Duchenne, or many other diseases does not have the coordination ability to take a paper- and-pencil test; yet they can be bright, they can be a genius. Because of tech-nology that has been developed in America, assisted technology can allow them to take that exam given the dis-abilities they have. It is only appro-priate we authorize the use of title I funds to do that. 
Most importantly, though, we keep 
the parent in control of their child’s life by giving them the permission to opt out of any State test that is man-dated where the State allows an opt out, which means the parent is in con-
trol of the testing, the State is in con-trol of the assessment and the type of model that takes place, and the Fed-eral Government is saying to the local schools and State boards of education: You take our children to the next level. We will assist you, but we are not going to govern you, we are not going to ruin you. 
I commend Senator A
LEXANDER and 
Senator M URRAY for bringing together 
a bipartisan approach to education re-form that works. I thank the American Federation of Teachers, the national association of educators, the National Association of School Superintendents, and the National Governors Associa-tion. Every vested organization in edu-cation in the United States of America has endorsed this bill. They have be-cause they know it is time for edu-cation to be enhanced and improved from the local level up. They know the benefits that may have come from No Child Left Behind have long since passed. We are now disaggregating, we are now measuring, and we are doing all the things we should have been doing all along. Let’s take what is a good platform and make it even better to ensure that every child learns, every child progresses, and every child suc-ceeds. 
MILITARY CUTS  
Mr. President, I want to make note 
of the announcement today by the De-partment of Defense on the dramatic cuts to our military—40,000 people over the next 2 years. Mr. President, I am a pretty easy-
going guy, but I am really angry. I am really mad. I know it is ironic to me— and it is one of the reasons I put a hold today on an appointment—but it is ironic, on the day we all learn by read-ing the newspaper, not by being ad-vised by the Department of Defense, that we are going to lose 40,000 soldiers over the next 2 years—Georgia is going to lose 4,350 soldiers over the next 2 years. Nobody did the courtesy of call-ing us. But on the day when they did not call us, they also send up for con-firmation a legislative affairs official for the U.S. Department of Defense in the administration. 
I have a hold on that person for one 
simple reason: I want to meet with 
them and to see to it that if they in fact do get in control of congressional liaison and congressional affairs, they make sure we are the first to find out, not the last to find out. 
Our military is critically important 
to my State, as it is to the Presiding Officer’s State. It is important that we know what the government’s plans are, and it is important that we have a chance to have a say. I know the Presi-dent does not like to use the legislative body very much. He would rather regu-late and do Executive orders. But when you talk about our military and you talk about the investment in our mili-tary, every Member of this Senate, every Member of the House—all of us ought to be together with all our oars in the water rowing in the same direc-tion, not in misdirection. 
I want to make one note here. It is 
also ironic that last week the Presi-dent for the first time went to the Pen-tagon to talk about the strategy in the Middle East, particularly with regard to ISIL. It took 18 months to go talk about a situation that has grown from being an irritant to a crisis. When we left Iraq and left all the equipment that we had there and left the Iraqis to fend for themselves, we created a vacu-um. And what happened? In came ISIL. And now they are in 16 countries in the Levant and in the Middle East right now. We created a vacuum that they filled and are continuing to fill, and we are talking about reducing our man-power over the next 2 years to a point that we no longer can confront an enemy on two fronts; we are going to have a tough time doing it on one. 
A vulnerable and a weak American 
defense and military allow and encour-age people who might have nefarious goals and dreams to take advantage of America’s weakness. We should be very careful about diminishing our re-sources and our military to levels that are not in the best interest of the American people or their security. 
I want to ask the administration to 
be sure to give us information in ad-vance rather than after the fact, to in-clude us wherever possible in the deci-sion, and to see to it that the Congress is once again a partner with the Com-mander in Chief and to see to it that we confront our enemies and have the manpower and the troops to do it. I, for one, have thought for a long 
time that we should be doing more to confront ISIL in the Middle East. I think that is being borne out every day. Hopefully the President is coming to that realization as well. But what-ever we do, we should not be telling the world we have problems but we are going to cut some more. 
It is time we made an investment in 
the security and peace of our country and our military, and it is time we worked together—the President and Congress alike—to do what is right for America, its defense and its freedom and its liberty, which we just cele-brated over the past weekend on July the 4th. 
Mr. President, I yield back the re-
mainder of my time and defer to the Senator from Ohio. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I always 
appreciate the words of Senator I
SAK-
SON, who was the cochair of the Ethics 
Committee, where I served with him, and now on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, and I appreciate his work and Senator B
LUMENTHAL ’s work on one of 
the most important committees in this Senate. 
Mr. President, about a year and a 
half ago, on a cold January morning in Cleveland, where I live, at a Martin Lu-ther King breakfast, I heard a speaker say: Your life expectancy is connected to your ZIP Code. Think about that. Whether you grow up in Columbus or Canton or Appalachia, whether you grow up in a city or a prosperous sub-urb or a low-income suburb or a small town or a rural area, so often your ZIP Code determines whether you have ac-cess to quality health care, to good education, to good jobs, and to the so-cial support necessary to succeed. That is particularly true when it comes to education. 
The quality of our children’s edu-
cation should not be determined by their ZIP Code. Too often that is the case. Teachers and schools in far too many cases lack the resources nec-essary to ensure students can grow and succeed. 
Achievement gaps persist between 
economically disadvantaged students and their more advantaged peers. These gaps persist between Black stu-dents and White students, Latino stu-dents and White students. They persist between native and non-native English language speakers. They persist be-tween students with disabilities and those without. 
These achievement gaps inevitably, 
predictably almost always lead to op-portunity gaps. We know education is the surest path to success—we say that around here ad nauseam—regardless of where you come from. That is why closing these gaps is vital to ensure children—all children—have the oppor-tunity to succeed. 
These achievement gaps are not 
caused by failings in our students. They are usually not caused by failings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.029 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4818 July 8, 2015 
with our teachers. They are the result 
of policies that leave schools with mas-sive resource gaps. 
The U.S. Department of Education’s 
Office of Civil Rights conducted a com-prehensive survey of schools across the Nation. 
Some of the results they found were 
appalling. Black, Latino, Native Amer-ican, Native Alaskan students, as well as first-time English learners attend schools with much higher concentra-tions of inexperienced teachers. One in five high schools in this country lacks a school counselor. Around 20 percent of high schools do not offer more than one of the typical core courses for high school math and science, such as alge-bra I and II, geometry, biology, and chemistry. 
We cannot call our country ‘‘the land 
of opportunity’’ while we fail—we, pol-icymakers, communities, leaders, ac-tivists—while we fail to provide too many of our children with well- equipped schools. 
The bipartisan opportunity dash-
board of core resources amendment will help us close these gaps. It will strengthen transparency provisions in the Every Child Achieves Act so par-ents and taxpayers know how schools are performing on key measures of suc-cess—measures such as contact with ef-fective teachers, access to advanced coursework, and availability of career and technical opportunities and coun-seling. It will ensure that States hold schools accountable when inequities exist. 
Reporting is an important and help-
ful tool but surely not enough. If this new data shows persistent disparities, States and school districts need to take action. This amendment requires States to develop a plan to ensure that resources reach districts that are most in need. States will have flexibility to design these plans in a way that works for local communities. The amendment does not tell States how to address in-equities; it just requires States to iden-tify those disparities and work with communities to fix them in whatever way works for those communities in that State. 
We must move beyond simply using 
test scores when we assess our schools. Tests are an important benchmark of success, but they are by no means the only one. To succeed in life and in school, students need access to dedi-cated literacy programs, to music and the arts, to advanced classes, to college and career counseling. We need to measure access to all of these opportu-nities, not only math and reading scores. Improving access to core re-sources will not close the achievement gap overnight, but it puts us on the right track. 
Our amendment has the support of 
teachers and civil rights organizations. I want to thank Senators R
EED, KIRK, 
and B ALDWIN for their bipartisan help 
and support in getting this amendment to this place. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
amendment to ensure that all children, regardless of their ZIP Code, have ac-
cess to the core resources needed for a quality education. 
Unfortunately, instead of strength-
ening our public education system, some of my colleagues want to, as we say around here, ‘‘voucherize’’ the pub-lic school system, privatize, spend re-sources elsewhere primarily. We have seen how so many of our public schools serving vulnerable populations are al-ready in dire need of resources, yet vouchers would divert more of these re-sources away from public schools, re-route those resources to for-profit schools, in some cases, that simply are not accountable to the public. 
Vouchers do not provide a real choice 
for the majority of students. They may cover some—but usually not all—of the tuition of private schools, meaning the students who need help the most often get little choice at all. Study after study shows that private school vouch-ers don’t improve student achievement. My State, by some rankings, is the next to worst—next to last in the coun-try—in the quality of charter schools and the accountability of charter schools, in large part because there is a huge network of for-profit charter pri-vate schools in our State that simply have not served students that well. 
That is why I urge my colleagues to 
vote against any proposal to voucherize our schools. Instead, we need to strengthen our public school system, which educates the vast major-ity of our children. That is why schools across the country, especially those with high concentrations of poverty, need more funding—not less. For 50 years, the Federal Government has helped level the playing field for stu-dents by directing funds to schools in areas that lack resources. Unfortu-nately, some of my colleagues are try-ing to dismantle this system by taking away funding from high-priority schools to more affluent schools, a bit of a reverse Robin Hood. 
They call this proposal portability. 
But no matter what you call it and why you call it that, taking funding away from the schools that need it most and sending it to the schools that need it least is wrong. I will urge my colleagues to oppose this effort. In our country, all students should have ac-cess to a high-quality education, re-gardless of how much money their par-ents make, regardless of how much education their parents have, regard-less of what ZIP Code they live in. We must invest Federal resources in schools and districts that need the most and where they can make the most difference. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I do want 
to compliment the HELP Committee and Senator A
LEXANDER , who chairs 
that committee, for the great work they have done in bringing the Every Child Achieves Act legislation to the floor of the Senate. This is long over-due. Anybody who meets with school 
administrators, teacher groups, par-ents or school boards realizes that peo-ple for a long time have been looking for us to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and to make reforms that are important and that will return control and power to school districts, to parents, to teach-ers, and to administrators, rather than having it here centralized in Wash-ington, DC. 
So I am pleased that we can have this 
debate. I am encouraged by the discus-sion that has already been held and by the willingness of both sides to work together to allow amendments to be considered. This is an important issue—how we educate our children, equipping them, preparing them for the challenges that will be ahead of them. There is no more important task that we have. So to the degree that this leg-islation makes it more possible for our kids to learn at the very fastest rate possible, this is something that this Senate ought to be focused on. 
I am hopeful that we will be able to 
get through the amendment process and be able to move this bill across the floor of the Senate and to the House, and hopefully, eventually, to the Presi-dent’s desk. But I think it is also an 
example of what happens when you get people who are willing to open the Sen-ate process up and allow legislation to be considered. 
REPUBLICAN -LED SENATE  
The Senate has now been under Re-
publican control for a full 6 months. Those months have been some of the most productive that the Senate has seen in a long time. So far this year, the Republican-led Senate has passed more than 45 bipartisan bills, 22 of which have been signed into law by the President. Committees have been hard at work and have reported out more than 150 bills for floor consideration by the full Senate. In May, the Senate passed the first 10-year balanced budg-et resolution in over a decade—over a decade. 
One reason the Senate has been so 
productive is because the Republican majority has been committed to ensur-ing that all Senators, whatever their party, have the opportunity to have their voices heard. Under Democratic leadership, not only Republicans but many rank-and-file Democrats were shut out of the legislative process in the Senate. As an example of that, the Democratic leadership allowed just 15 amendment rollcall votes in all of 2014—an entire year. That is barely more than one amendment vote per month here in the Senate. 
Republicans, by contrast, had al-
lowed 15 amendment rollcall votes by the time we had been in charge here for merely 3 weeks. In all, Republicans have allowed more than 136 amendment rollcall votes so far in 2015. That is not only more amendment rollcall votes than in all of last year, but it is more amendment rollcall votes than the Senate took in 2013 and 2014 combined. We still have 6 months to go in 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.030 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4819 July 8, 2015 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. President, one of the most impor-
tant bipartisan bills the Senate has passed this year is the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. This legisla-tion, which was signed into law in May by the President, ensures that the American people, through their rep-resentatives in Congress, will have a voice in any final agreement with Iran. Specifically, the law requires the President to submit any agreement with Iran to Congress for review and prevents him from waiving sanctions on Iran until the congressional review period is complete. 
The bill also requires the President 
to evaluate Iran’s compliance every 90 days. I am particularly glad that this legislation is in place because the ne-gotiation process so far has given cause for deep concern. The primary purpose of any deal with Iran is to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. But the interim agreement the President unveiled in April casts serious doubt on the administration’s determination to achieve that goal. The framework does not shut down a single nuclear facility in Iran. It does not destroy any single centrifuge in Iran. It does not stop re-search and development on Iran’s cen-trifuges. It allows Iran to keep a sub-stantial part of its existing stockpile of enriched uranium. 
It is not surprising that Members of 
both parties are concerned about this agreement. Again and again during the process, Secretary Kerry and the Presi-dent have seemed to forget that the goal of negotiations is not a deal for its own sake but a deal that will actually stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. Administration negotiators have repeatedly sacrificed American priorities for the sake of getting an agreement. 
In the process, they have created a 
very real risk that the deal that finally emerges will be too weak to achieve its goal. A Washington Post editorial this week declared that any agreement with Iran that emerges from the current talks ‘‘will be, at best, an unsatisfying and risky compromise.’’ That is from the Washington Post. The editorial board continues by saying: 
Iran’s emergence as a threshold nuclear 
power, with the ability to produce a weapon quickly, will not be prevented; it will be postponed by 10 to 15 years. In exchange, Tehran will reap hundreds of billions of dol-lars in sanctions relief it can use to revive its economy and fund the wars it is waging around the Middle East. 
Again, that is a quote from the edi-
torial in the Washington Post from yesterday. When Iran recently failed to comply with the provision of the in-terim nuclear agreement currently in place, the Obama administration, in the words of the Post editorial, ‘‘chose to quietly accept it’’ and even ‘‘rush to Iran’s defense.’’ 
Again that is the quote from the 
Washington Post editorial. This is an example of what the Post aptly de-scribes as ‘‘a White House proclivity to respond to questions about Iran’s per-
formance by attacking those who raise them.’’ 
Well that is a deeply troubling re-
sponse on the part of the White House, and it raises doubts about the Presi-dent’s commitment to achieving an agreement that will shut down Iran’s nuclear program. The stakes could not be higher on this agreement. At issue is whether a tyrannical, oppressive re-gime that backs terrorists, has killed American soldiers, and has announced its intention of wiping Israel off the map will get access to the most apoca-lyptic weapons known to man. 
Even as negotiations continue, Iran 
continues to advance its nuclear pro-gram. If Iran continues its research and development into more advanced centrifuges, the breakout period—the time needed to produce enough nuclear material for a bomb—could be weeks— weeks instead of months or years. If we fail to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon, we will not only be facing a nuclear-armed Iran; we will be facing a nuclear arms race in the Mid-dle East. That is what is at stake. Every Member of Congress obviously would like to see the President success-fully conclude a deal to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. But the President needs to remember that a deal is only acceptable if it achieves that goal. We have heard the President say that he will walk away from a bad deal. But each time we reach a dead-line, that deadline is extended. 
As negotiations continue, it is essen-
tial that negotiators push for a strong final deal that includes rigorous in-spection of Iranian sites and full dis-closure of all Iranian weapons research to date. If the administration cannot secure a sufficiently strong deal, then 
it should step back from the negotia-tion table and reimpose the sanctions that were so successful in driving Iran to the table in the first place. No deal is better than a bad deal that will strengthen Iran’s position in the Mid-dle East and pave the way for the de-velopment of a nuclear weapon. 
For a deal to be acceptable to the 
American people, it must be verifiable, it must be enforceable, and it must be accountable. It also needs to promote stability and security in the Middle East and around the world. Any deal that does not reach that threshold is a bad deal. I hope the President will lis-ten to the American people and reject any agreement that falls short of that goal. 
I yield the floor. Mr. ALEXANDER. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
today I am offering an amendment to the Every Child Achieves Act that 
would allow $2,100 Federal scholarships to follow 11 million low-income chil-dren to any public or private accred-ited school of their parents’ choice. This is a real answer to inequality in America, giving more children more opportunity to attend a better school. 
The Scholarships for Kids Act will 
cost $24 billion a year, paid for by re-directing 41 percent of the dollars now directly spent on Federal K-through-12 education programs. Often those dol-lars are diverted to wealthier schools. Scholarships for Kids would benefit only children of families that fit the Federal definition of poverty, which is about one-fifth of all school children— about 11 million a year. 
Allowing Federal dollars to follow 
students has been a successful strategy in American education for over 70 years. Last year, $31 billion in Federal Pell grants, and $100 billion in loans followed students to public and private colleges. Since the GI bill began in 1944, these vouchers have helped create a marketplace of 6,000 autonomous higher education institutions, the best system of higher education in the world. 
Our elementary and secondary edu-
cation system is not performing as if it were the best in the world. U.S. 15- year-olds rank 28th in science and 36th in math. I believe one reason for this is that while more than 93 percent of Fed-eral dollars spent for a higher edu-cation follows students to colleges of their choice, Federal dollars do not automatically follow K-through-12th- grade students to schools of their choice. Instead, that money is sent di-rectly to schools. Local government monopolies run most schools and tell most students which schools to attend. There is little choice and no K- through-12 marketplace as there is in higher education. 
Former Librarian of Congress Daniel 
Boorstin often wrote that American creativity is flourished during ‘‘fertile verges,’’ times when citizens became more self-aware and creative. 
In his book ‘‘Breakout,’’ Newt Ging-
rich argues that society is on the edge of such an era and cites computer handbook writer Tim O’Reilly’s sugges-tion for how the Internet could trans-form government. ‘‘The best way for government to operate,’’ Mr. O’Reilly says, ‘‘is to figure out what kinds of things are enablers of society and make investments in those things. The same way that Apple figured out, ‘if we turn the iPhone into a platform, out-side developers would bring hundreds of thousands of applications to the table.’’’ 
Already, 19 States have begun a vari-
ety of innovative programs supporting private school choice. Private organi-zations supplement those efforts. Al-lowing $2,100 Federal scholarships to follow 11 million children would enable other school choice innovations in the same way developers rushed to provide applications for the iPhone platform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.022 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4820 July 8, 2015 
Senator T IMSCOTT, the Presiding Of-
ficer today, has proposed the CHOICE Act, allowing $11 billion other Federal dollars—dollars the Federal Govern-ment now spends through the program for children with disabilities—to follow those 6 million children to the schools their parents believe provide the best services. A student who is both low in-come and has a disability could benefit under both of the programs, especially when taken together with Senator S
COTT’s proposal, Scholarships for Kids 
constitutes the most ambitious pro-posal ever to use existing Federal dol-lars to enable States to expand school choice. 
Under Scholarships for Kids, States 
would still govern pupil assignment, deciding, for example, whether parents could choose private schools. Schools chosen would have to be accredited. Federal civil rights rules would apply. The proposal does not affect the school lunch program. So Congress can assess the effectiveness of this new tool for innovation, there is an independent evaluation after 5 years. 
In the late 1960s, Ted Sizer, then Har-
vard University’s education dean, sug-gested a $5,000 scholarship in his Poor Children’s Bill of Rights. That is what he called it. In 1992, when I was the U.S. Education Secretary, President George H.W. Bush proposed a GI Bill for Kids, a half-billion-dollar Federal pilot program for States creating school choice opportunities. Yet de-spite its success in higher education, ‘‘voucher’’ remains a bad word among most of the K-through-12 education es-tablishment, and the idea hasn’t spread rapidly. 
Equal opportunity in America should 
mean that everyone has the same starting line. There would be no better way to help children move up from the back of the line than by allowing States to use Federal dollars to create 11 million new opportunities to choose a better school. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am 
here to discuss the Every Child Achieves Act. I think it is significant that for the first time in more than a decade, the Senate is considering legis-lation to make significant changes to our Nation’s elementary and secondary education system, and this conversa-tion is long overdue. 
As a former teacher, I appreciate the 
challenges our schools have, and I am very much looking forward to the de-bate ahead. I want to applaud Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY , the chair and 
ranking member of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pen-
sions, for reaching a compromise bill that passed out of their committee with strong unanimous bipartisan sup-port. 
Today, I want to focus on some of the 
provisions included in this bill that have to do with STEM education— science, technology, engineering, and math. This is an issue I have been working on for a number of years— really since I was Governor in the late 1990s in New Hampshire. We know the most critical jobs needed to compete in the global economy are in the STEM fields, but data consistently shows our American students are falling further and further behind in these subjects. 
One of the other challenges is that 
we have an enormous gender gap in em-ployment in these fields. Forty-eight percent of the workforce in this coun-try are women. Yet only 24 percent of the jobs in STEM fields are held by women. 
I had the opportunity last night to 
cohost a screening in the Capitol of an important new documentary called ‘‘Code: Debugging the Gender Gap.’’ This documentary tells a very powerful story about the lack of diversity in the technology industry, outlining the re-sulting cost to our society, and it ex-plores strategies that would solve the problem. 
Last night we had more than 150 peo-
ple in attendance at the screening, which was cohosted by Representative S
USAN DAVIS from California. The cre-
ators of the movie were there, and U.S. Chief Technology Officer Megan Smith. What followed the documentary was even more impressive, and that was a lengthy and very passionate discussion about how much work we have to do on this front. 
We need to give the next generation 
a stronger educational foundation in these topics, and, most important, we need to get them engaged and excited to be working in STEM fields. This ef-fort is going to require student engage-ment inside and outside the classroom. It is critical our schools have the re-sources to offer STEM opportunities during the schoolday. But of course as most of us remember from our child-hood, it is sometimes what happens outside the classroom that is even more important than what happens in-side the classroom if we are going to get kids excited about learning. 
Afterschool programs allow students 
opportunities for more individualized instruction, for innovative experiences, and for opportunities to build their leadership skills. Afterschool programs can be especially successful in inspir-ing interest in groups that are tradi-tionally underrepresented in STEM fields, such as young women, students of color, and students from low-income backgrounds. 
So I especially appreciate Chairman 
A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY for working with me to include 
language from my Supporting After-school STEM Act, which is in the un-derlying bill and allows Federal grants 
to be used to support STEM-related afterschool activities. 
This language will expand student 
access to high-quality, afterschool pro-grams in STEM subjects. It will also promote mentorship opportunities and the building of partnerships with re-searchers and other professionals in these fields. 
Again, one of the things we know 
about helping kids to stay in school, getting them excited, is that if they have a mentor, if they have someone who is really interested in what is going on in their lives, who is sup-porting them, then they are much more likely to be successful. These pro-grams will give students firsthand ex-perience to see what careers in the STEM subjects can look like. 
Now, the Every Child Achieves Act 
also includes language based on a sec-ond STEM-related bill that I first in-troduced when I got to the Senate back in 2009—the Innovation Inspiration School Grant Program. This language would authorize Federal STEM edu-cation grants to support the participa-tion of low-income students in related competitive extracurricular activities, such as robotics competition. 
I am particularly excited about this 
because in New Hampshire, inventor Dean Kamen—also the inventor of the insulin pump and the Segway—founded a fantastic program called FIRST Ro-botics Competition. It is now wildly successful. Nationwide, we have nearly 100,000 high school students who com-pete. It is sort of an ‘‘Einstein meets Michael Jordan’’ kind of competition. Students have just 6 weeks to work in a team to design, construct, and pro-gram robots, and then they enter their robots in regional and championship competitions. 
It is great fun to attend these events 
because kids are so excited about work-ing with these robots and about the STEM subjects. They get excited about engineering, about science, about math, and technology, and you can see that in the students as they are build-ing these robots. They are excited about accomplishing their goals, about being creative. When there are last- minute problems with the robots, they have to work to adjust. But most of all, whether or not they win, you can see the pride they feel for themselves, for their teammates that comes from suc-cessfully accomplishing their task: building that robot and being success-ful in the competition. 
You can’t replicate this kind of expe-
rience in a classroom. So I am very pleased that support for programs such as FIRST are now included in the bill we are considering on the Senate floor. These are provisions that I think will take very important strides toward in-spiring future generations of scientists and engineers, of mathematicians and experts dealing with technology. 
Again, I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER  
and Ranking Member M URRAY for their 
work on these issues and for producing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.024 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4821 July 8, 2015 
a bill we are now debating on the floor 
that has such strong bipartisan sup-port. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
want to thank the Senator from New Hampshire for her remarks and thank her especially for her contributions to the legislation and her persistent sup-port for STEM education. She has been a champion. As a former Governor, she is a great help as we seek to remind ourselves that the path to real ac-countability, higher standards, and better teaching really runs through the States and local governments, where the creativity is and where people are closer to the children. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about my amendment No. 2110. 
As a fifth-generation Montanan and a 
product of Montana public schools and because my wife is an elementary school teacher and I am the father of four children, and one of my children has a degree in elementary education as well, I truly understand how impor-tant a first-rate education is to our kids’ future. 
As I meet with parents and educators 
across Montana, they frequently share concerns about the one-size-fits-all stu-dent performance and teacher quali-fication metrics that currently dictate Federal funding as part of No Child Left Behind. While well-intended, many of these metrics have proven dif-ficult for schools—and particularly schools in rural areas—to achieve. The Federal funding tied to these policies has all too often forced States and school districts to adopt policies that may not best fit the students’ and com-munities’ unique needs. 
As the Senate debates the Every 
Child Achieves Act to reform our Na-tion’s education policies, one of my pri-orities will be fighting to increase local control over academic standards and education policies and working to push back against burdensome Federal regu-lations that often place our schools in a straitjacket. 
For example, the U.S. Department of 
Education has incentivized States to adopt common core standards by offer-ing exemptions from No Child Left Be-hind regulations and making extra Federal education funds accessible through programs such as Race to the Top to States that adopt Common Core. Like many Montanans, I am deeply concerned that the Federal Gov-ernment’s obvious efforts to back States into adopting such programs is an inappropriate interference in edu-cational policy decisions that should be made by States, parents, teachers, and local school boards because strength-ening our education system is vitally important to our country’s future. 
If we are serious about wanting to 
make future generations as fortunate as ours, it is critical that we prepare our children to excel in a globally com-
petitive economy. Our children should receive a well-rounded education that focuses on core subjects, such as read-ing, writing, science, and math, as well as technical and vocational disciplines and training in the arts. 
A wealth of social data informs us 
that individuals who do not receive a quality education are disproportion-ately prone to have low incomes, suffer from poverty, and land in prison. It is clear that the Federal Government’s one-size-fits-none approach simply isn’t working. 
By increasing local control of our 
schools and lessening the influence of Washington bureaucrats, we can pro-vide States with the flexibility needed to meet the unique needs of our stu-dents and the unique needs of our States as well as our communities. 
Just last year, the New York Times 
did an assessment of the ‘‘health and wealth’’ of every county in the Na-tion—every county. We might expect folks living in Silicon Valley to be doing fairly well or perhaps see the suburbs of New York City thriving. What shocked me was seeing that 6 of the Nation’s top 10 wealthiest counties surround Washington, DC. This sends a pretty clear message about where Washington’s priorities really are. 
During the recession, while millions 
of Americans were struggling to make ends meet amidst layoffs and economic instability, Washington, DC, thrived. The Federal Government poured mil-lions of dollars into new Federal build-ings, and salaries kept growing. The average Federal bureaucrat in the De-partment of Education in Washington, DC, makes $107,000 a year. 
It is time we stopped building bu-
reaucratic DC kingdoms and returned those dollars to the classrooms. That is why I am asking for support of the Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Suc-cess—or A-PLUS—amendment to the Every Child Achieves Act. This meas-ure will help expand local control of our schools and return Federal edu-cation dollars to where they belong— closer to the classroom. By shifting control back to the States, individual and effective solutions can be created to address the multitude of unique challenges facing schools across the country. Through these laboratories of democracy, Americans can watch and learn how students can benefit when innovative reforms are implemented at the local level. 
My amendment would give States 
greater flexibility in allocating Federal education funding and ensuring aca-demic achievement in their schools. With A-PLUS, States would be freed from Washington’s unworkable teacher standards, States would be freed from Washington-knows-best performance metrics, and States would be freed from Washington’s failed testing re-quirements. Should this amendment be adopted, States would need to adhere to all civil rights laws. They have to work toward advancing educational op-portunities for disadvantaged children 
as well, of course. 
States would be held accountable by 
parents and teachers, though, because a bright light would shine directly on the decisions made by State capitals and local school districts. With free-dom from Federal mandates come more responsibility, more transparency, and more accountability on the issues. 
It would also reduce the administra-
tive and compliance burdens on State and local education agencies and en-sure greater public transparency in student academic achievement and the use of Federal education funds. 
Increasing educational opportunities 
in Montana and across the country isn’t going to happen through Federal mandates or these one-size-fits-nobody regulations. We need to empower our States, our local school boards, our teachers, and our parents to work to-gether to develop solutions that best fit our kids’ unique needs. As a father of four—and every parent knows this— I know that each one of my children is very unique. And that is precisely what my A-PLUS amendment does. 
Washington is the problem. We are 
ground zero. The problem is here in Washington, DC, and we have the solu-tions in Montana and in our States across the country. 
The A-PLUS amendment goes a long 
way toward returning the responsi-bility for our kids’ education closer to home and reduces the influence of the Federal Government over our class-rooms. 
I thank Senators G
RASSLEY , CRUZ, 
VITTER , J OHNSON , L EE, L ANKFORD , 
BLUNT , CRAPO , RUBIO, and G ARDNER for 
cosponsoring my A-PLUS amendment. I ask my other Senate colleagues to join us in empowering our schools to serve their students, not a bunch of DC bureaucrats, and to support this impor-tant amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
DISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, as 
someone who travels around this coun-try, I am always amazed by the huge disconnect that exists between what we do here in Congress and what the American people want us to do. The simple truth, as poll after poll has shown, is that Congress is way out of touch as to where the American people are. Let me give a few examples before I get to the thrust of my remarks. 
Many of my Republican colleagues 
are still talking about cutting Social Security—a disastrous idea—but ac-cording to a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, by a 3-to-1 margin the American people want us to expand Social Security benefits, not cut them. How out of touch can one be? 
About 2 weeks ago, the same poll told 
us that while there is virtually no Re-publican in the Senate who is prepared to support raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, what the American people want by a pretty solid majority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.025 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4822 July 8, 2015 
is not to raise the minimum wage to 
$10.10 an hour but to raise the min-imum wage to $15 an hour—something that is occurring now in Los Angeles, Seattle, and other places around the country. 
Tragically, this Congress is way out 
of touch with the American people on issue after issue, and it is high time we started to get our act together and to respond to the needs—the pressing needs—of the American people. 
Between 1985 and 2013, there was a 
huge redistribution of wealth in Amer-ica. I know my Republican colleagues get very nervous when people talk about wealth distribution. Well, guess what, over the last 30 years we have had a huge degree of distribution of wealth in America. Unfortunately, that redistribution went in the wrong direc-tion. That redistribution, to the tune of trillions of dollars, went from the pockets of the middle-class and work-ing families of our country into the hands of the top one-tenth of 1 percent. So if we want to understand economics in the last 30 years, the middle class shrank and one-tenth of 1 percent dou-bled the percentage of wealth they own. 
Today the United States has more 
wealth and income inequality than any other major industrialized country on Earth. The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns 22 percent of all the wealth in this country, while the bottom 90 percent owns 22.8 percent. In other words, the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, and the trend is to-ward more and more wealth and in-come inequality. That is the economic reality we are looking at now. 
But let me talk for a moment about 
another reality which saddens me very much and which we cannot continue to ignore. We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world. Yet we have the highest rate of childhood pov-erty of any major industrialized nation on Earth, with almost 20 percent of our kids living in poverty. 
In recent years we have seen a pro-
liferation of millionaires and billion-aires in this country. Yet over 50 per-cent of the children in our public schools are so low-income that they are eligible for the free or reduced- price School Lunch Program. 
As a result of the collapse of the 
American middle class over the last 40 years, men and women in this country are working longer and longer hours in order to cobble together enough in-come to sustain their families. Yet while over 85 percent of male workers are working more than 40 hours a week and over 66 percent of working women are working more than 40 hours a week, we have a dysfunctional childcare system which denies millions of working families the ability to se-cure high-quality and affordable childcare. 
Last week I spoke to a woman who 
lives right here in Washington, DC, and she told me that to get her 1-year-old child into quality daycare here in the 
Nation’s Capital, she and her husband are spending close to $30,000 a year for one child. DC childcare is probably more expensive than other parts of the country, but millions of parents are struggling with childcare bills of $15,000, $20,000 or $25,000 a year when their income is $30,000, $40,000 or $50,000 a year. If you have two young kids, I don’t know how you manage. 
The truth of the matter is that while 
working families are desperately try-ing to find quality childcare at an af-fordable cost, we are turning our backs on those families. The result is that millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality childcare or early education they need when the psychologists tell us that ages 0 to 4 are the most important years of a human being’s life in terms of intellec-tual and emotional development. 
What sense is it that we ignore the 
needs of millions of working families and their children? What sense is it to tell working moms and dads that they cannot get the quality and affordable childcare they need? What sense is it to send many children into kindergarten and first grade already far, far behind where they should be intellectually be-cause they had inadequate childcare? 
This is not what a great country is 
supposed to be about. When we talk about the future of America, we cannot be talking about turning our backs on the children of this country. That is why we should be doing in this country what nations all over the world have done, and that is to invest in our kids and move toward a universal pre-K education system for all of our chil-dren. 
I am glad that the Elementary and 
Secondary Educating Act is on the floor right now for debate. I want to thank Senator M
URRAY and Senator 
ALEXANDER for their hard work on this 
important bill. In Vermont and around this country—and I have had town meetings on this issue in Vermont where hundreds of teachers, parents, and kids come out—they understand that No Child Left Behind has failed, and what we are doing now begins to address that failure and move us in a very different direction. 
When we talk about the needs of 
young people—something we very rare-ly do—we should understand that it is not just that we have a dysfunctional childcare and pre-K system which must be significantly improved, it is not just that No Child Left Behind must be re-formed, and it is not just that a college education is now unaffordable for mil-lions of working-class and low-income families. All of those are terribly im-portant issues that we must address. But I hope very much there is another issue that we will finally start to pay attention to. This country, this Sen-ate, and the House of Representatives must come to grips with the fact that today in America we have a horren-dous, horrendous level of youth unem-ployment in this country. This is an issue that gets virtually no discussion 
at all. This is an issue of crisis propor-tions that we are not addressing. For the future of this country, not to men-tion for the future lives of millions of our young people, we cannot continue to sweep the issue of youth unemploy-ment under the rug. 
Last month the Economic Policy In-
stitute released a new study about the level of youth unemployment in this country. What they found should con-cern every Member of the Congress and, in fact, every person in our coun-try. The Economic Policy Institute analyzed census data on unemployment among young people who are jobless— who have no jobs—those who are work-ing part time when they want to work full time, and those who have given up looking for work altogether. This is what they found. From April 2014 to March 2015—a 1-year period—the aver-age real unemployment rate for young, White high school graduates between the ages of 17 and 20 was 33.8 percent. The jobless rate for Hispanics in the same age group was 36.1 percent. Unbe-lievably, the average real unemploy-ment rate for Black high school grad-uates and those who dropped out of high school was 51.3 percent. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the EPI’s find-
ings. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Working Economics Blog, 
Economic Policy Institute, June 8, 2015] 
YOUNG BLACK HIGHSCHOOL GRADS FACE 
ASTONISHING UNDEREMPLOYMENT  
(By Alyssa Davis) 
Last week, I wrote about how high school 
graduates will face significant economic challenges when they graduate this spring. High school graduates almost always experi-ence higher levels of unemployment and lower wages than their counterparts with a college degree, and their labor market dif-ficulties were particularly exacerbated by the Great Recession. Despite officially end-ing in June 2009, the recession left millions unemployed for prolonged spells, with recent workforce entrants such as young high school grads being particularly vulnerable. 
Underemployment is one of the major 
problems that young workers currently face. Approximately 19.5 percent of young high school graduates (those ages 17–20) are unem-ployed and about 37.0 percent are under-employed. For young college graduates (those ages 21–24) the unemployment rate is 7.2 percent and the underemployment rate is 14.9 percent. Our measure of underemploy-ment is the U–6 measure from the BLS, which includes not only unemployed workers but also those who are part-time for eco-nomic reasons and those who are marginally attached to the labor force. 
When we look at the underemployment 
data by race, we often see an even worse sit-uation. As shown in the charts below, 23.0 percent of young black college graduates are currently underemployed, compared with 22.4 percent of young Hispanic college grads and 12.9 percent of white college grads. And as elevated as these rates are, the picture is bleakest for young high school graduates, who are majority of young workers. 
51.3 percent of young black high school 
graduates are underemployed, compared 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.027 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4823 July 8, 2015 
with 36.1 percent of young Hispanic high 
school grads and 33.8 percent of white high school grads. This means a significant share of young high school graduates in all racial groups either want a job or have a job that does not provide the hours they need. A ma-jority of young black high school graduates wish they could work more but can’t because of weak job opportunities. 
While there has been real progress in heal-
ing the damage inflicted on the labor market by the Great Recession, these underemploy-ment rates among young high school grad-uates remain quite elevated relative to pre- recession levels. In order to correct these high rates, we need to prioritize low rates of unemployment and boost aggregate demand for workers. Last week, Senator Bernie Sanders and Representative John Conyers introduced the Employ Young Americans Now Act to help young Americans find path-ways to employment. This bill is a necessary 
first step to putting young high school grad-uates back to work and to put our economy on the road to full employment. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, today 
in our country over 51⁄2million young 
people have either dropped out of high school or have graduated high school and do not have jobs. It is no great se-cret to anyone that without work, without education, and without hope people get into trouble. They get into destructive activity or self-destructive activity. The result of all of that is that, tragically, here in the United States today we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. We have more people in jail than in the authoritarian Communist country of China, with a population over three times our population. Today the United States represents 4 percent of the world’s population. Yet we have 22 percent of the world’s prisoners. In-credibly, over 3 percent of our coun-try’s population is under some form of correctional control. According to the NAACP, from 1980 to 2012, the number of people incarcerated in America quadrupled from roughly 500,000 to over 2 million people. 
A study published in the journal 
Crime & Delinquency found—this is really quite unbelievable and quite tragic—that almost half of Black males in the United States are arrested by the age of 23. If current trends con-tinue, one in four Black males born today can expect to spend time in pris-on during his lifetime. This is an un-speakable tragedy. It is something we cannot continue to ignore. But this cri-sis is not just the destruction of human life. It is also very, very costly to the taxpayers of our country. Locking peo-ple up in jail is a very expensive propo-sition. 
In America we now spend nearly $200 
billion on public safety, including $70 billion a year on correctional facilities. It is beyond comprehension that we as a nation have not focused attention on the fact that millions of young people are unable to find work and begin their adult lives in a productive way. We cannot continue to turn our backs on this national tragedy. 
Let me be very clear. I think I speak 
for the vast majority of people in this country and I hope the majority of Members in the Senate. It makes a lot 
more sense for us to be investing in jobs and in education than to be spend-ing billions of dollars on jails and in-carceration. We have to start creating the situation where our kids can leave school and lead productive lives and not have them arrested and incarcer-ated. 
I have introduced legislation along 
with Representative J
OHN CONYERS in 
the House that would provide $5.5 bil-lion in immediate funding to States and cities throughout this country to employ 1 million young Americans be-tween the ages of 16 and 24 and to pro-vide job training opportunities to young adults. 
Some people may say $5.5 billion is a 
lot of money. It is. But it is a lot less expensive to provide jobs and education to our young people than to lock them up and to destroy their lives. 
As we debate ESEA—again, I want to 
thank Senator M
URRAY and Senator 
ALEXANDER for their important work— 
I want this issue to be on the table. I intend to offer an amendment that says that in this country we are going to put our young people to work and we are going to get them an education rather than lock them up. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, since 
our Nation’s founding, the idea of a strong public education for every child has been part of the fabric of America. In the late 1770s, Thomas Jefferson in-troduced a bill in Virginia that out-lined his plan for public schooling. At the time he wrote: ‘‘By far the most important bill in our whole code is that for the diffusion of knowledge among the people.’’ 
Jefferson knew that educating chil-
dren would strengthen our country. That is still true today. Today a good education can provide a ticket to the middle class. When all students have the chance to learn, we strengthen our future workforce and our economy. But nearly everyone today agrees that the current education law—No Child Left Behind—is badly broken. 
The bipartisan bill we are debating 
on the floor today—the Every Child Achieves Act—is a strong step in the right direction to finally fix that law, and it will help continue our Nation’s tradition of making sure all students have access to a quality public edu-cation. 
Some of our colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle are interested in voucherizing the public school system. Instead of investing in our public school system, they want to send Fed-eral resources to private schools. That would be a major step backward. Vouchers undermine the basic goals of public education by allowing funding that is designated for our most at-risk students to be rerouted to private schools. I urge my colleagues to oppose any attempt to use Federal education funds for private school vouchers. I strongly oppose vouchers for sev-
eral reasons. For one, vouchers divert much-needed resources away from our public schools and reroute them to pri-vate and religious schools. Today pub-lic schools across our country, and par-ticularly those schools with high con-centrations of students in poverty, need more funding, not less. We can’t afford to send scarce Federal resources away from our public schools to benefit private schools. 
Secondly, vouchers would send Fed-
eral taxpayer dollars to private schools that are in no way accountable to the public. Proposals to create vouchers do not require private schools to adopt strong academic standards or provide students with disabilities the same services they have in public schools. Unlike public schools, private schools do not need to serve all of our students. There is no guarantee that private schools would make sure students have access to State-licensed teachers, and they would not administer the same as-sessments as public schools, which would diminish our accountability of Federal tax dollars. 
I can tell you, as a former school 
board member, when people in my com-munity were unhappy with how their taxpayer dollars were spent, they would find me in the grocery store, at the school board meeting or call me at home at night. But if Federal tax dol-lars go to private schools, there is no elected official that a public citizen can call and say: I don’t like how you are spending our tax dollars, and I want you to look at this. 
Many of our colleagues today demand 
evidence and accountability in other programs. I hope they do it in edu-cation as well. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle like to argue that vouchers create options for students and families. Well, that might be true for students of more affluent families, but vouchers don’t provide a real choice for the overwhelming ma-jority of students. Vouchers might cover some but usually not all of the tuition of a private school. In some cases a voucher would make just a small dent in the full cost of a private school. That would enable students from more affluent families the ability to afford private schools because they personally have the means to make up the difference. But students from low- income backgrounds would still be priced out of that choice. 
Vouchers only provide the illusion of 
choice to students from low-income backgrounds, and it is those low-in-come students who ultimately lose out when funds are siphoned away from the public schools that they attend. Per-haps the most important reason I op-pose private-school vouchers is because they do not improve student achieve-ment. Study after study has shown that vouchers do not pay out for stu-dents or for taxpayers. 
In 2012 researchers compared stu-
dents enrolled in Milwaukee’s voucher program compared with students in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.012 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4824 July 8, 2015 
Milwaukee’s public schools. The re-
searchers found little evidence that the voucher program increased the achievement of participating students. 
The District of Columbia’s voucher 
program has gone through four con-gressionally mandated studies from the Department of Education. Each of those studies concluded that the pro-gram did not significantly improve reading or math achievement, and that program came at the cost of funding that could have helped improve local public schools. 
There are a number of reasons to op-
pose any amendment that redirects Federal funds to private schools. Pub-lic schools already have to deal with scarce Federal resources. This would exasperate the problem. Private schools would not be accountable for the Federal taxpayer dollars they get. Vouchers do very little to expand choices for low-income families. Fi-nally, as I said, studies have shown that vouchers do not increase student achievement. 
An amendment to allow public 
funds—taxpayer dollars—to flow to pri-vate schools would be a step in the wrong direction. I strongly urge our colleagues to oppose any amendment that works to voucherize any of our Federal dollars. 
I believe that real improvement in 
student achievement comes when our teachers and school leaders have the resources they need to help our stu-dents succeed. We have to work to-gether to strengthen our public school system, not dismantle it. 
I hope we can continue our bipartisan 
work together—we have done well—to help ensure all students have access to a quality public education regardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money they make. That should be our mission. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor to speak about an amendment that I am offering with Senator K
IRK, 
Senator B ROWN , and Senator B ALDWIN , 
which would establish an account-ability mechanism for student access to the core resources necessary for learning. 
First, I wish to thank Senators K
IRK, 
BROWN , BALDWIN , and others for help-
ing with this very important matter. 
More than 60 years after the land-
mark decision of Brown v. Board of Education, one of the greatest chal-lenges still facing this Nation is stem-ming the tide of rising inequality. We have seen the rich—in fact, really the very rich—get richer while middle- class and low-income families have lost ground. We see disparities in opportu-nities starting at birth and growing over a lifetime. With more than one in five school-age children living in fami-lies in poverty and roughly half of our public school population eligible for free or reduced-priced lunches because they come from low-income families, 
we cannot afford nor should we tol-erate a public education system that fails to provide the resources and op-portunities for the children who need them the most. 
When President Johnson signed the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act into law 50 years ago, he described education as the ‘‘only valid passport from poverty.’’ He noted: 
From our very beginnings as a nation, we 
have felt a fierce commitment to the ideal of education for everyone. It fixed itself into our democratic creed. 
I believe this amendment will help us 
stay true to that ideal. There are other amendments we will consider that, frankly, will do just the opposite, such as those that would divert scarce re-sources from public schools to private schools through vouchers or so-called portability amendments that Senator M
URRAY so eloquently spoke about. 
Rather than transferring resources away from our public education sys-tem, the passport to opportunity in our country, we should be doing more to ensure they have adequate resources. We have to do work to achieve real eq-uity in educational opportunity. 
Survey data from the Department of 
Education’s Office of Civil Rights showed troubling disparities, such as the fact that Black, Latino, American Indian, Native Alaskan students, and English learners attend schools with higher concentrations of inexperienced teachers. In fact, nationwide one in five high schools lacks a school coun-selor, and between 10 and 25 percent of high schools across the Nation do not offer more than one of the core courses in the typical sequence of high school math and science, such as algebra I and II, geometry, biology, and chemistry. Their curricula are very limited, and, indeed, perhaps inadequate. 
The Education Law Center reports 
that a majority of States have unfair funding systems with flat or regressive funding distribution. For these rea-sons, I introduced the Core Oppor-tunity Resources for Equity and Excel-lence Act, or the CORE Act. Senators B
ROWN and B ALDWIN were my cospon-
sors. This bill would establish an ac-countability mechanism for resource equity. This was the first education bill introduced in this Congress, and we are very proud of that. 
Holding our educational system ac-
countable for both results and re-sources is paramount. The No Child Left Behind Act looked at results, out-comes, testing, and measurement. What it failed to grasp is that we need resources also. We need the inputs. The Every Child Achieves Act, the legisla-tion we are discussing today, includes important transparency on resource equity. I thank Senators A
LEXANDER  
and M URRAY for that. It requires States 
to report on key measures of school quality beyond student achievement on statewide assessments, including stu-dent access to experienced and effec-tive educators, access to rigorous and advanced course work, availability of 
career and technical educational op-portunities, and safe and healthy school learning environments. How-ever, reporting alone will not ensure that students get the resources they need and deserve. I commend the re-porting. I think it is a necessary but not quite sufficient measure. 
I am pleased to offer this opportunity 
dashboard of core resources amend-ment with Senators K
IRK, BALDWIN , 
and B ROWN . This amendment has the 
support of dozens of national organiza-tions. 
Specifically, our amendment will re-
quire States to develop and report on measures of access to critical edu-cation resources, identify disparities in access for districts, schools, and stu-dent subgroups, develop plans with school districts to address disparities in access to critical educational re-sources, and include the opportunity dashboard of core resources on the State report card so everyone will know where the resources are, where they are going, and how we are making our commitment to an equitable and excellent education for every American child. 
This amendment has bipartisan sup-
port, and, more importantly, broad support in the communities across the Nation. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it when it comes to the floor for a vote. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
week the Senate is considering the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act. As we have heard from the previous speakers, the issues that are involved in this decision really go to the heart of America and its future. 
Public education is the avenue to op-
portunity for most children in Amer-ica, and if that avenue is blocked or if it is inadequate, that child will suffer, the family will suffer, and the Nation will suffer. There is hardly a bigger, more important assignment that could come our way than to consider elemen-tary and secondary education. 
We are fortunate that we have two 
good leaders on this issue—two of the best in this Senate, Senator L
AMAR  
ALEXANDER and Senator P ATTY MUR-
RAY. Senator A LEXANDER is a Repub-
lican from Tennessee and a former Sec-retary of Education. He takes this job and assignment very seriously, and I have spoken to him many times about these issues. My colleague, friend, and fellow leader on the Democratic side, Senator M
URRAY of Washington, and 
Senator A LEXANDER have done an ex-
traordinary bipartisan job of bringing this measure to the floor. That is not to say that I agree with every provi-sion nor that any Senator does, but to have this reported unanimously from committee by both political parties with the political climate we have in Washington is nothing short of amaz-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.034 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4825 July 8, 2015 
We find ourselves on the floor debat-
ing the specifics of the Every Child Achieves Act. I am glad this bill main-tains Impact Aid assistance for dis-tricts such as North Chicago in my home State of Illinois, which is a neighbor to the Great Lakes naval training station. 
The bill also preserves the univer-
sally agreed upon triumph of No Child Left Behind—to disaggregate data among subgroups of students. 
I remember back in 2002, when we 
passed No Child Left Behind, I was rel-atively new to the Senate, and I sat back there. Directly behind me was a Senator from Minnesota named Paul Wellstone. To say that Senator Paul Wellstone hated No Child Left Behind is an understatement. Every time I got up and appeared to be supporting it, he would be behind me whispering: Sen-ator D
URBIN , this is a mistake. Don’t 
you vote for this. You will be sorry. Well, I voted for it. 
As I reflect on it, many good things 
happened, but a lot of things happened that we didn’t expect to happen. We had testing, and I think testing is an important part of metrics and meas-urement to see whether the students are actually progressing. But some parts of the bill went overboard by dis-qualifying schools and saying they were not up to the job because their test scores didn’t hit certain numbers. Teachers would complain to me that they went through all of this education and had experience in teaching, but now they were just teaching to the test. They lost the thrill of being teachers and that diminished them in their ability to help the children. 
We also know what happened when it 
came to some of the other aspects of this bill. Some of the States started dumbing down their State standards so schools would pass the test. It wasn’t a pretty sight. It is time to rewrite this broken bill, and the bill that we have before us attempts to do just that. 
No Child Left Behind made impor-
tant advances in how we ensure that all children are being served by public education. As we debate the Every Child Achieves Act this week, we must resist the urge to go too far the other way. What happened with No Child Left Behind was a political curiosity. Here was a new Republican President, George W. Bush, appealing to a Demo-cratic Congress to give the Federal Government more control when it came to K–12 education. That was real-ly a new approach, and it is one that, frankly, surprised many of us. As a re-sult, No Child Left Behind went in di-rections and to degrees that many of us did not expect. Now we are getting a pushback from those who say it went too far. The pendulum is about to swing back in the other direction. This bill allows States to develop their own State education plan, set their own achievement goals, and hold them-selves accountable. Every Child Achieves does not require States to identify low-performing schools or take meaningful actions to provide ad-
ditional support when the schools are consistently not serving their students. Without these protections, students of color and low-income students could easily be left behind. There are reason-able, commonsense improvements that should be made to this bill to enhance accountability. We can have federally 
required accountability and interven-tion without federally prescribed ac-countability and intervention. 
Let me also say a word about vouch-
ers. The Senator from Washington just spoke about vouchers. I asked her when No Child Left Behind was written and she told me 2002, and I think it was somewhere around that period when we passed the DC vouchers system. We are members of the Senate Appropriations Committee. It was Senator DeWine of Ohio who offered the DC voucher sys-tem as an amendment on an appropria-tions bill. I offered three amendments to his proposal. He proposed that Fed-eral tax dollars be given to individual parents in DC to choose the school they wish, even if it was a private or religious school—not charter schools per se but so-called DC opportunity or voucher schools. I offered three amend-ments in committee to his proposal. 
Here is what they were: First amend-
ment, every teacher in a DC voucher school had to have a college degree. The amendment was defeated. The Re-publican majority said, no, we don’t want to limit the creativity here of these new teachers in voucher schools. The second amendment I offered said the students who attend the voucher schools will take the same tests as the students attending DC Public Schools so we can compare how they are doing. That amendment was also defeated by the majority in the Appropriations Committee. They didn’t want to be held to the same standards of testing and achievement. The third one was the most shocking. I said any building used for a DC voucher school had to pass the fire safety code in the District of Columbia. That, too, was defeated. 
Years later, I sent staff out to take 
photos of some of the DC voucher schools. It was depressing. Many of these schools were just schools in name only. They weren’t real schools. When we held a hearing before the Appropria-tions Committee, they couldn’t even explain what standards they were teaching to. Is that the kind of system we want to set up nationally and put our tax dollars towards? Is that where families want to send their children? So I agree with Senator M
URRAY . Be-
fore we start talking about voucher schools, let’s focus on our first respon-sibility; that is, public education. 
I also want to talk about an amend-
ment that may be offered by Senator B
URRof North Carolina on Title I for-
mulas. Title I is the single largest source of Federal funding for elemen-tary and secondary education. It helps States and school districts address pov-erty and the needs of low-income stu-dents. This was the inspiration for the Federal Government to make a mas-
sive investment and commitment to education in the 1960s, and the reason behind it was because we saw the gross disparities in school districts from State to State and from district to dis-trict. We believed then, as I believe now, that kids from poor families don’t have a fighting chance if they don’t have the chance of a good education. Title I was designed to send those dol-lars to help those school districts edu-cate those children. 
Now, the amendment that is pro-
posed by the Senator from North Caro-lina, Mr. B
URR, would devastate low-in-
come students in my home State of Il-linois. It would reduce Illinois’s title I share by an estimated $180 million a year. That is a 28-percent reduction in Federal assistance in my State of Illi-nois to help poor, low-income, and mi-nority students—a 28-percent reduc-tion. Chicago public schools alone would lose $68 million. I just have to say for the record, they are struggling even today to meet their budget needs and their pension requirements. This kind of cut would be devastating. 
I think about the violence in the 
great city of Chicago and many other cities as well. I think about the respon-sibility of the Chicago public school system which educates almost 400,000 students. A $70 million cut to Chicago would mean that these kids in low-in-come families would struggle and many would not succeed in achieving a good education. Is that the best we can do? I think it is a mistake. 
I have to serve notice on my col-
leagues. I don’t know what procedural tools are available to us, but when it comes to an amendment that takes that kind of money away from criti-cally important school districts in my State, I am going to use every tool in the box to stop this from coming to the floor and passing. There is just too much at stake. I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort to stop this as well. 
Finally, let me talk about an issue 
that is near and dear to all of us and especially to the Presiding Officer— criminal background checks. In the State of Illinois, if you want to be a teacher—before you can even be a stu-dent teacher—you have to go through a criminal background check. What does that consist of? Being fingerprinted and having your fingerprints and per-sonal information turned over to our State police and the FBI. We take this very seriously in Illinois, and we are not the only State. There are many States that do exactly the same thing. We don’t want anyone in the class-room, anyone in an unsupervised situa-tion with small children around, who is going to be a danger to those children, period. 
There are two proposals before us. 
One is being offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania, and it is a criminal background approach which I cannot support. The reason I cannot support it is because it imposes new Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.036 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4826 July 8, 2015 
criminal background check standards 
in addition to what I just described in Illinois. We already have fingerprinting and a criminal background check that goes to the State registry of crime as well as the FBI, which provides the basic information you need to know as to whether this potential teacher has anything in their background that is worrisome or would disqualify that teacher. It is already being done. The amendment being offered by the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania says now we are going to make sure they go through a second check, a federally mandated criminal background check, which sends the school districts in Illi-nois to the same agencies I just de-
scribed; in other words, a second check which under Illinois law would be at the expense of the school district—that goes to the State police, the FBI, and others. Come on. Why would we waste our money—precious Federal money that we need for education—in dupli-cating background checks? It makes no sense whatsoever. 
So I commend the Senator from 
Pennsylvania for being concerned about this. There isn’t a parent or grandparent alive who doesn’t share his concern, but let’s not impose an ad-ditional Federal mandate on States that are already doing a professional job. If States say we have a background check in place that conforms to what the standards are in Washington, why should they have to do it a second time? 
Senator W
HITEHOUSE of Rhode Island 
makes that proposal. He has an alter-native amendment. He proposes that the State background checks meet a list of Federal compliance require-ments, while explicitly ensuring that states would not need to duplicate background checks for current employ-ees who have already met these re-quirements and have been cleared. I think that is better. That eliminates the duplication and eliminates the wasted dollars on a second, unneces-sary duplicative background check. 
I might add that the Senator from 
Pennsylvania and the Senator from Rhode Island addressed the concern about mistakes. If there is a name sent in by mistake and a potential teacher is disqualified and it turns out the in-formation is erroneous, there is a due process provision in Senator T
OOMEY ’s 
bill and one that I think is more com-plete in the bill offered by Senator W
HITEHOUSE . 
It wasn’t that many years ago, our 
colleagues may remember, that our colleague Senator Ted Kennedy ended up on a no-fly list. He kept saying: Why am I on a no-fly list? It was a mis-take. It was a government mistake that identified him as a danger to the country. Mistakes can be made. There needs to be a due process requirement in here so those accused of something that they are not guilty of have a chance to have their day to tell their story as best they can. 
The bottom line is that this bill is 
one of the most important we will con-sider. I thank the chairman and rank-
ing member for the time they put into this, and I thank them for their bipar-tisan efforts. There will be some dis-agreements on the amendments before us, but I think we are all in common agreement. If we don’t get this right, many of the other things we do don’t mean much. 
If we don’t provide that avenue of op-
portunity to kids from lower-income, impoverished families, they are not likely to enjoy life as they might with a good education and realize the Amer-ican dream. This is our step in the right direction. I hope we can make it even stronger as we consider amend-ments. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Sen-
ator from Illinois for his remarks. I was thinking, as he was talking about Senator Kennedy, whom we all loved, I think the mistake was that he was on a Republican no-fly list. That was the mistake. But he loved telling that story and enjoyed it very much. It is nice to be reminded of him today be-cause he was chairman of this com-mittee that is producing the fix for No Child Left Behind. 
He would make, in my view, the most 
outrageous liberal speeches from the back of the Senate, and then he would come to the front of the Senate and would work out a good bipartisan agreement and get a good piece of leg-islation. He set a wonderful example for us, and it is nice to be reminded of him. 
Mr. President, Senator M
URRAY and I 
have conferred, and I ask unanimous consent that the time until 4:30 p.m. today be equally divided between the two managers or their designees and that it be in order to call up the fol-lowing amendments: Hirono amend-
ment No. 2109, Tester amendment No. 2107, Alexander amendment No. 2139, Murray amendment No. 2124, Bennet amendment No. 2115; further, that at 4:30 p.m. today, the Senate vote on the above amendments in the order listed, with no second-degree amendments in order to any of the amendments prior to the votes and that the Alexander amendment No. 2139 be subject to a 60- affirmative-vote threshold for adop-tion; and that there be 2 minutes of de-bate equally divided between the votes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. For the informa-
tion of all Senators, we expect a roll-call vote on three of these amendments and that the rest will be adopted by voice vote. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Nevada. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of amendment No. 2109, just mentioned by the chairman, the Hirono-Heller amendment which ad-dresses Asian-Pacific and Pacific Is-lander student data. 
In my home State of Nevada, as in 
many of my colleagues’ home States, the AAPI population is one of the fast-
est growing. I can give you an example of that according to census data. Ne-vada’s AAPI or Asian-Pacific and Pa-cific Islander population grew by 116 percent between 2000 and 2010. Now, even though this AAPI group rep-resents students who come from a vari-ety of different backgrounds—Chinese, 
Filipino, Vietnamese, Korean—current law and the Every Child Achieves Act uses a broad ‘‘Asian-Pacific Islander’’ category when reporting on student achievement. Basically, if you are reg-istering as a student, you have one cat-egory—one bubble—called Asian-Pa-cific Islander, regardless of whether you are Chinese, Filipino, Vietnamese, Korean. It doesn’t matter. It is a single bubble. As a result of this single bub-ble, this student population as a whole seems to perform well, but the broad AAPI category hides big achievement gaps between subgroups. The current census data gives us this evidence. 
According to the 2010 census, 72 per-
cent of Asian Indian adults have bach-elor degrees or higher; whereas, only 26 percent of Vietnamese adults do. Steps should be taken to help close these achievement gaps and create an envi-ronment where all students can suc-ceed. This is critical to ensuring that our Nation’s children are preparing to attend college or enter the workforce. That is why the Hirono-Heller amend-ment is so important. 
Our amendment simply requires 
school districts with large populations of AAPI students to show how these subgroups are performing. This amend-ment would also apply in large school districts with over 1,000 AAPI students. This represents less than 3 percent of the school districts nationwide. In fact, 11 States would not be affected at all by the Hirono-Heller amendment. It is also important to note that this amendment would only be used for pub-lic reporting purposes. It would not re-quire accountability measures or inter-vention at any level. 
The bottom line is that having this 
kind of subgroup data available equips parents and local officials with the necessary information to determine how their students are doing and how to better support students who need the most help. Isn’t that what these school districts are all about, which is to try to identify those students and to better support students of those who need help. 
As a father of four and grandparent 
of two, I think parents should have ac-cess to this kind of data, to know how schools are serving these children in these specific subgroups, so they can make the right choice for their chil-dren. School choice advocates agree, charter school advocates agree, and the truth is that school districts across the Nation are already collecting and re-porting this aggregated AAPI student data. In fact, just this morning, I sat down with several school superintend-ents from all across my home State who told me that access to this type of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.037 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4827 July 8, 2015 
data would be extremely helpful in 
their districts. 
Principals and teachers also under-
stand the value of this subgroup data and how it reveals groups of students who need assistance that would other-wise be missed by looking at the broad-er AAPI category. That is why this amendment is also supported by the National Association of Elementary School Principals, it is why this amendment is supported by the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Principals, and why it is supported by the National Education Association. I am proud our amendment is also sup-ported by over 100 AAPI, Latino, and African-American civil rights groups, educators, women’s groups, and the disability community. 
These groups agree with Senator 
H
IRONO and me that AAPI subgroup 
disaggregation is a top priority. I thank Senator H
IRONO for her leader-
ship on this issue and her dedication to serving the needs of all of our commu-nities. I would also like to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and ranking 
member Senator M URRAY for their ef-
forts to not only put together a bipar-tisan bill but also to move forward with an open amendment process dur-ing this debate. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
vote in support of the Hirono-Heller amendment to ensure that parents have choice and that school adminis-trators alike are able to target stu-dents who need the most help. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, over 
the weekend, we all cheered on the women’s national soccer team as they beat Japan 5 to 2 in the World Cup. Their teamwork and the skills they displayed on the field were years in the making. Many of the players on the women’s national team developed their skills and a love for soccer while at-tending their public schools growing up. 
In fact, before midfielder Carli Lloyd 
shattered records in the World Cup finals on Saturday, she was the star of the Delran High School soccer team in New Jersey. Unfortunately, not all young girls have the same opportuni-ties today as young boys do to partici-pate in school sports. In our Nation’s schools, all girls should have equal op-portunities to pursue athletics, wheth-er they just want to help their high school team have a winning season or whether they dream of one day playing 
in the World Cup final. 
Today, I am offering an amendment 
to help close the opportunity gap in sports between young men and women. Back in 1972, Congress passed what is known as title IX. That is the law that bans discrimination in education on the basis of gender. This law applies to all educational opportunities that have had a huge impact on opening opportu-nities for young women to play sports. 
For the first time, schools were re-
quired to provide equal opportunity to girls and boys to play organized sports, 
and they were required to provide equal benefits and services, like coach-es and courts and playing fields. Title IX has truly changed our country for the better. The number of women and girls whose lives it touches is growing every single day. I have seen that first-hand in my own family. When I went to school, the atmosphere was a lot dif-ferent than it is today. Back then, I could participate in just a very few sports, and it was simply unheard of for women athletes to receive athletic scholarships. 
Now, 15 years later, it was amazing 
to watch my own daughter choose to play soccer, learning to be a part of a team and cheering each other on and learning how to be gracious in victory and in defeat. The differences between my daughter’s generation and my own could not be more stark. 
Today, more young women than ever 
are playing sports, but inequality still exists and girls don’t have the same op-portunities to play sports as boys. In fact, if you add up all of the missed op-portunities across the country, young women have 1.3 million fewer chances today to play sports in high school compared to boys. That is according to the National Federation of High School Associations. So the amendment I am offering that we will be voting on shortly will help ensure that schools simply report information about school sports in elementary, middle, and high school. 
I thank Senator M
IKULSKI , who has 
been a champion for title IX, for work-ing with me on this amendment. Under our amendment, schools would report on both access to girls organized sports and the funding for girls sports. For the first time, schools would need to show the public, show all of us, what they spend on travel expenses and equipment and uniforms for both boys and girls sports teams. This informa-tion will simply help us shine a light on the persistent inequalities in sports between men and women. 
Playing sports isn’t just good for a 
single sports season, it has a positive effect on and off the field. According to the National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation, when young women play sports, they are more likely to have higher grades, and they are more likely to graduate from high school than non-athletes. Research also shows that girls who have opportunities to play sports have lower risk of obesity later in life, lower incidence of depression, and more positive body image than nonathletes. 
Congress can help ensure that girls 
all over our country have the chance not only to improve their athletic abil-ity but also to develop valuable skills like teamwork and discipline and self- confidence. Those skills lead to success on and off the playing field. 
I urge our colleagues to vote for this 
important amendment. Let’s give young women and girls equal oppor-tunity in sports. So many girls across the country spent this week dreaming 
of one day being one of those women champions they saw on television last weekend. Let’s make sure they know Congress has their back. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Ten-
nessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2139 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
(Purpose: To allow States to let Federal 
funds for the education of disadvantaged children follow low-income children to the accredited or otherwise State-approved public school, private school, or supple-mental educational services program they attend) 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask to set aside the pending amend-ment in order to call up amendment No. 2139. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2139 to amendment No. 2089. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NOS . 2109, 2107, 2124, AND 2115 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to call up Hirono amendment No. 2109, Tester amend-ment No. 2107, Murray amendment No. 2124, and Bennet amendment No. 2115, as provided for under the previous order, and ask that they be reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk will report the amendments by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY] proposes amendments for other Sen-
ators numbered 2109, 2107, 2124, and 2115 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2109 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
(Purpose: To amend section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi) 
to provide for additional disaggregation for local educational agencies with a total of not less than 1,000 Asian and Native Hawai-ian or Pacific Islander students) 
On page 43, between lines 5 and 6, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(VI) for local educational agencies with 
not less than 1,000 total Asian and Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander students, the same race response categories as the decennial census of the population; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 2107 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
(Purpose: To restore sections of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) 
On page 654, strike lines 7 through 10. 
On page 683, lines 16 and 17, strike ‘‘7132, as 
redesignated by section 7001(2),’’ and insert ‘‘7135’’. 
On page 683, line 18, strike ‘‘ 7132’’ and in-
sert ‘‘ 7135’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.038 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4828 July 8, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2124 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
(Purpose: To require schools to collect and 
report data on interscholastic sports) 
On page 82, between lines 23 and 24, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xviii) In the case of each coeducational 
school in the State that receives assistance under this part— 
‘‘(I) a listing of the school’s interscholastic 
sports teams that participated in athletic competition; 
‘‘(II) for each such team— ‘‘(aa) the total number of male and female 
participants, disaggregated by gender and race; 
‘‘(bb) the season in which the team com-
peted, whether the team participated in postseason competition, and the total num-ber of competitive events scheduled; 
‘‘(cc) the total expenditures from all 
sources, including expenditures for travel, uniforms, facilities, and publicity for com-petitions; and 
‘‘(dd) the total number of coaches, train-
ers, and medical personnel, and for each such individual an identification of such individ-ual’s employment status, and duties other than providing coaching, training, or med-ical services; and 
‘‘(III) the average annual salary of the 
head coaches of boys’ interscholastic sports teams, across all offered sports, and the av-erage annual salary of the head coaches of girls’ interscholastic sports teams, across all offered sports. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2115 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
(Purpose: To provide for a study on increas-
ing the effectiveness of existing services and programs intended to benefit children) 
At the end of part B of title X, insert the 
following: 
SEC. llll . COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY 
ON INCREASING EFFECTIVENESS OF EXISTING SERVICES AND PROGRAMS INTENDED TO BENEFIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— 
(1) a description and assessment of the ex-
isting federally funded services and pro-grams across all agencies that have a pur-pose or are intended to benefit or serve chil-dren, including— 
(A) the purposes, goals, and organizational 
and administrative structure of such services and programs at the Federal, State, and local level; and 
(B) methods of delivery and implementa-
tion; and 
(2) recommendations to increase the effec-
tiveness, coordination, and integration of such services and programs, across agencies and levels of government, in order to lever-age existing resources and better and more comprehensively serve children. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, it is 
fitting and appropriate, although it was not coordinated, that I follow on to the comments of the distinguished Senator from Washington State, the ranking member of the committee, as she was talking about the importance of the amendment about young women and athletic opportunities for them on an equal basis. 
(The further remarks of Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ are printed in today’s R ECORD  
under Morning Business.) 
Mr. MENENDEZ. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2094 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on amendment No. 2094, which is based on legislation I have introduced with Senator M
ANCHIN called the Pro-
tecting Students from Sexual and Vio-lent Predators Act. This has bipartisan support. This is a commonsense amend-ment that will protect children from child molesters and predators infil-trating our schools. 
We all know the overwhelming ma-
jority of school employees would never harm a child in any way, but we also know pedophiles know where the chil-dren are. They are in the schools. So schools can be a magnet for the very people we need to keep out of our schools. I have been fighting this for some time now—over a year and a half—since the legislation was first in-troduced. I am not going to stop fight-ing this. 
There are a lot of good reasons to 
make this fight happen, to secure the protections for our school kids from these predators. For me, the reasons begin with the three children I have, who are 15, 14, and 5 years old. When I put one of my children on a school bus in the morning, I have every right to believe I am sending my child to an en-vironment where they are as safe as they can possibly be, and so does every other parent in Pennsylvania and every other parent across the country. We in Congress have the obligation to make sure we are doing all we can to make sure they will in fact be in the safest possible environment. Sadly, we know that is just not always the case. 
The motivation and the inspiration 
for this legislation that Senator M
ANCHIN and I introduced is a horren-
dous story about a little boy named Jeremy Bell, and that story begins, sadly, at a school in Delaware County, PA, where one of the teachers was re-peatedly molesting young boys, raping one of the boys. 
The administrators of the school fig-
ured out what was going on. They re-ported it to authorities, but the au-thorities were never convinced they had enough evidence to mount a strong case. They couldn’t confidently charge the predator. So the school decided they would dismiss this teacher for sexually abusing his students, but shockingly, appallingly, they gave him a letter of recommendation to make sure he could become someone else’s problem. 
Well, given that he was a pedophile 
and a predator, he surely did become someone else’s problem. He went to West Virginia, became a teacher— based in part on the recommendation he got—and rose, in fact, to the level of 
being a school principal. Along the way, of course, he continued to attack and abuse young boys, finally raping and killing young Jeremy Bell. 
Well, justice eventually caught up 
with that monster. He is serving the rest of his life in jail, as he should, but it was too late for Jeremy Bell. 
The sad truth is this is not as iso-
lated an incident as we would like to think and as it should be. In fact, last year there were 459 arrests of school employees for sexual misconduct with the kids they are supposed to be taking care of. So far this year we are on track to have even more arrests than last year. Keep in mind that these are the cases where the evidence is so clear the prosecution is confident in making an arrest and pressing charges. How many more cases are out there where we just don’t have enough certainty to actually make the arrest and press the charges? There are many more. 
So Senator M
ANCHIN and I decided we 
would introduce legislation that would take an important step towards the goal of protecting our kids. Our legisla-tion has two big categories, two big features that together would go a long way toward ensuring greater security for our kids. 
One is a Federal standard for crimi-
nal background checks. Let me just re-spond to the comments made by the Senator from Illinois just a few min-utes ago, suggesting that somehow my legislation requires a duplicative back-ground check. That is factually and simply incorrect. There is no duplica-tion. There is no redundancy. What we do in our legislation is to establish a Federal standard and say that all of the major criminal databases must be checked, but we don’t ask anyone to check it twice. I don’t know how that idea occurred. The checks are a sen-sible way to make sure nobody slips through the cracks. 
We do require there be a periodic re-
view, at the frequency established by the States, so we make sure we are checking up on school employees peri-odically. That is not a redundancy. 
The second fundamental aspect of 
our legislation, after the criminal background checks, is that we would prohibit the practice of knowingly rec-ommending for hire a predator, a vio-lent abuser, a pedophile. This, unfortu-nately, has its own name. This practice is called passing the trash. That rec-ommendation was exactly what al-lowed Jeremy Bell’s killer to get a job as a teacher so that he could prey on Jeremy Bell. Our legislation would for-bid that. 
Both of these protections have broad 
bipartisan support. The House of Rep-resentatives, by the way, unanimously passed a bill that is virtually identical just in the last Congress. And just last fall the House and Senate combined, by a combined vote of 523 to 1, adopted the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act, which has the same lan-guage. It has the same provisions to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.056 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4829 July 8, 2015 
protect children in childcare centers 
from these kinds of predators. I fully support that protection for very young kids. I just fail to see why we shouldn’t provide the same level of security and protection for slightly older kids. That is what this is about. 
So in addition to the bipartisan sup-
port, our legislation has been endorsed by many, many groups—child protec-tion groups, law enforcement groups, prosecutors, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Pennsylvania School Board Association. There is very broad support for this because it makes sense. 
Let me go a little bit more into de-
tail about these two aspects. 
First, there is the criminal back-
ground check. Let’s be clear. Every State does some kind of criminal back-ground check on hiring for schools. The problem is many are woefully inad-equate. In some cases they miss entire databases, and so they miss convic-tions. 
For instance, some States check only 
their State database. They do not check the Federal database so they do not know about the criminal convicted two States over who moved into their State postconviction. 
Another fact is that many States 
don’t require background checks for their contractors. In our legislation, if you are an adult who has unsupervised contact with kids—whether you are a bus driver, a sports coach or the jan-itor in the school—you have to have the background check. Some States don’t require that. 
We establish a Federal standard so 
that we are protecting all kids uni-formly. So this whole background check component is what I consider the first part of the bill. 
The second part, which is really a 
distinct part but still every bit as cru-cial, is this prohibition against passing the trash that I alluded to earlier. This is a provision that would have perhaps prevented the murder of Jeremy Bell. We simply say if a school wishes to re-ceive Federal funds, it has to ban this practice. 
This is so appalling—the idea that 
someone would knowingly recommend for hire a predator who is preying on children. It is so appalling that it is hard to believe it happens, but the fact is it does. Sometimes it happens across State lines, and there is nothing any State can do about the laws of a dif-ferent State. This absolutely calls for a Federal solution. 
For example, recently in Las Vegas, 
NV, a kindergarten teacher was ar-rested for kidnapping a 16-year-old girl 
and infecting her with a sexually trans-mitted disease. That same teacher, it turns out, had molested six children— fourth and fifth graders—just several years before in Los Angeles, CA. Now, the Los Angeles school district knew about the allegations. In fact, not only did they know about the allegations, but they were so concerned that when a lawsuit was filed against them they recommended settling. The Nevada school district specifi-
cally asked if there had been any criminal concerns regarding the teach-er who was a candidate for a job, and 
the Los Angeles school district not only hid the truth but provided three references for the teacher. I think that makes it abundantly clear that this is a problem that transcends State lines. There is nothing Nevada could have done about the dishonesty and the de-ceit of the people in the Los Angeles school district who allowed this to hap-pen. 
Let me sum this up. The Toomey- 
Manchin bill offers a simple propo-sition. It says if a school district wants to use Federal tax dollars, it has to make sure those dollars are not being used to pay pedophiles’ salaries. 
I don’t think that is an unreasonable 
demand. To do that, it says there are two components. One is that you per-form a criminal background check that is rigorous enough to catch people who have criminal backgrounds and a pro-hibition against passing the trash. 
Now, we have run into opposition on 
this, as you know. In fact, there was a letter signed by a number of organiza-tions led by the National Education Association, the Nation’s largest teachers union group. The basic thrust of the argument in the letter is that it is unfair to exclude even a convicted admitted child abuser from being a schoolteacher. Here is the quote from the letter: ‘‘Individuals who have been convicted of crimes and have com-pleted their sentences should not be unnecessarily subjected to additional punishment because of these convic-tions.’’ 
Under this logic, an admitted con-
victed child molester can finish their prison term, walk out of a prison, go across the street to a school and be hired to be a first grade teacher. That is ridiculous. Our kids are not part of some social experiment to see how often convicted child molesters will re-peat their crimes. I am not going to tolerate or risk trapping small children in a classroom with a convicted child rapist. That is unbelievable. 
We have a national sex offender reg-
istry for exactly this reason. As a soci-ety, we understand these people com-mit these crimes serially. Even after serving a prison sentence, very often they go right back to their old ways. So I think it is perfectly acceptable—in fact, it is incumbent upon us—to say that when someone has been convicted of this type of crime they are disquali-fied from being left in unsupervised contact with children. 
The same letter from the National 
Education Association endorsed an al-ternative amendment that has been proposed by Senator W
HITEHOUSE . He 
has proposed an alternative to my amendment, and I find it troublesome because, among other problems, the Whitehouse amendment actually would weaken the protections in existing State laws. 
There are 44 States that currently 
have a category of criminal conviction which precludes a person from ever 
being hired to teach in a school or to have unsupervised contact with kids. What Senator W
HITEHOUSE would do in 
his legislation is to require every State to give these individuals the legal right to challenge their being blocked from being hired. That does not exist in 45 States right now. 
So you have to ask yourself: What 
possible purpose could there be for mandating that States create these minitrials, some little judicial mecha-nism to challenge the notion that they should be precluded from a job based on their prior conviction for child abuse? The only purpose would be to get an exemption so they could be hired. Well, I am shocked Senator W
HITEHOUSE  
would propose legislation that would weaken the existing protections we have in 45 States, but that is what he does. 
I would point out that in the case of 
the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act—which passed 523 to 1 and was supported by every Democrat in the House and the Senate, by the way, the one vote being for unrelated rea-sons—that language that protected kids did not have this mechanism of creating a quasi-judicial entity so that convicted child abusers could neverthe-less be hired. So if it wasn’t a good idea then, when we were passing legislation that pertains to daycares, it is not a good idea now. So I hope we will oppose the Whitehouse amendment. 
I just want to underscore that there 
is urgency to this problem. Last year alone there were 459 teachers arrested for sexual abuse or misbehavior with the children they are supposed to be taking care of. We are on path so far, in the 6 months into this new calendar year, to have far more arrests than we had last year. Every one of these sto-ries is not a statistic. Every one of these stories is a huge personal trag-edy—a shattered life, a stolen child-hood, often a family torn apart by grief and misery. How many more of these kinds of arrests are we going to tol-erate before we establish a better sys-tem for preventing this from happening in the first place? 
I think it is time for no more ex-
cuses. The House of Representatives has already passed this legislation unanimously. All we need to do is pass this amendment on this bill, and it will find its way to the President’s desk. It will be signed, and kids across America will be more secure. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Toomey-Manchin amendment—Pro-tecting Students from Sexual and Vio-lent Predators Act. 
I yield the floor. Mr. ALEXANDER. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.042 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4830 July 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 1 minute on the Hirono-Heller amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has the time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2109 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I urge 
my colleagues to support the Hirono- Heller amendment No. 2109. 
The current AAPI—American Asian 
Pacific Islander—category hides huge achievement gaps among subgroups, i.e., Chinese, Filipino, Vietnamese, Japanese, et cetera. With better sub-group data, teachers, parents, policy-makers, and community organizations will know where they can target sup-port to the students who need the help most. 
Our amendment only applies to dis-
tricts with over 1,000 AAPI students. We are not talking about 1,000 students but 1,000 AAPI students, which means fewer than 3 percent of school districts nationwide would be affected. That is about 400 out of over 16,000 school dis-tricts. Currently, Delaware, Maine, Mississippi, Montana, New Hampshire, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wyoming have no districts that would be af-fected. 
Our amendment is endorsed by over 
100 groups, including teachers, prin-cipals, school choice and charter school groups, not to mention a coalition of AAPI, Latino, African American, wom-en’s, and disability rights groups. 
This is not an onerous requirement 
on school districts. They already have the capacity to collect this kind of what we call disaggregated data, which will enable all of our schools to help the kids who need the help the most. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Ms. HIRONO. I urge my colleagues to 
support this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
oppose the amendment. Instead of less-ening the national school board, this would make it more intrusive. This amendment would say that instead of schools reporting the academic results of five major racial groups, they would do it by country of origin. There are 196 countries of origin. So if we apply the same thinking to White, Hispanic, Black, Native American, we would have an amazing mandate from Wash-ington to States about this amount of data. 
The Senator’s argument should be 
made to a local school board, which may do this if it wishes, or to a State board, which may make these aggrega-tions if it wishes, but this should not be a Washington mandate to increase from 5 to 16 the number of countries mandated under Asian American and Pacific Islander and to set a precedent for country-of-origin reports for 196 countries. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2109. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) and the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) 
are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 47, 
nays 50, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 223 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—50 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
King Rubio Stabenow 
The amendment (No. 2109) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2107 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 2107, offered by the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, for Mr. T ESTER . 
The Senator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I urge 
my colleagues to support amendment No. 2107 to restore four title VII grant programs that were removed from the Every Child Achieves Act. These initia-tives will help Native American stu-dents who are too often forgotten in the debate about improving education in America. Restoring these initiatives will help students in Indian Country develop the tools they need to succeed. The bottom line is that this author-
izes programs that were removed from ESEA. These programs help Native American kids succeed, and they need all the help they can get. These pro-grams have never been funded. This is an authorization bill. If we put it in, these programs will continue to be au-thorized and we can fight about fund-ing later, but to take them out of an authorization bill means these pro-grams are dead, and I think it would be a disservice to Indian Country. 
I would appreciate a ‘‘yes’’ vote on 
amendment No. 2107. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. These programs have not been funded for 20 years for a good reason. It is because the money for these programs can come through other programs, such as the Workforce Innovation Act. 
This bipartisan bill consolidates 49 
programs that were authorized or fund-ed through No Child Left Behind. This would take us in the direction of more Federal programs, not fewer. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote so that we can re-
duce the amount of Federal programs from Washington to the States, and let’s use the existing dollars that we have to help Indians, Native Ameri-cans, and Alaska’s native education programs. That is the most effective way to do it. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I ask unanimous consent that the 
votes following the first vote in this se-ries—that means this vote and the next vote—be 10 minutes in length. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 2107. 
Mr. CORKER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) and the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) 
are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L EE). 
Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 224 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Baldwin 
Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey 
Coons Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.044 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4831 July 8, 2015 
McCain 
McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Risch Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Sullivan 
Tester Thune Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—41 
Alexander 
Ayotte Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Cruz Ernst 
Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Paul 
Perdue Portman Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
King Rubio Stabenow 
The amendment (No. 2107) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2139 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 2139, of-fered by the Senator from Tennessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER . 
The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, if 
you really want to solve inequality in America by giving children an oppor-tunity to attend a better school, vote yes because that would give any State the opportunity to take 89 Federal pro-grams, consolidate them into $2,100 scholarships, and give one of those scholarships to every low-income child in the State—that is 20 percent of the children—for that child to decide which school they would attend. It might be public; it might be private. We would be using the same policy that we used with colleges and universities. The money follows the child to the school that the parent decides that child should attend. This is not a mandate; this is an opportunity. The schools would have to be accredited. 
If you really want to create equality 
in America by giving every child an op-portunity to be at the same starting line, let the State decide to give a $2,100 scholarship to follow a low-in-come child to the school that the fam-ily decides the student should attend, public or private. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, this 
amendment would retreat on our fun-damental commitment to make sure that every child has access to a quality education, and it would do it by con-solidating almost every K–12 education program we have and turning that funding into a public or private school voucher. It would cut programs for STEM, for literacy, for afterschool— priorities that are important to Mem-bers across the aisle, and it would dis-mantle the important bipartisan work we have done to fix this badly broken No Child Left Behind law in a way that 
works for parents, teachers, and stu-dents. It ignores the research on the impact of concentrated poverty on stu-dent achievement and allows States to move Federal resources from our high-est needs schools and districts to more affluent ones and to unaccountable pri-vate schools. 
I know my colleague from Tennessee 
understands this is a nonstarter for me, and I really urge my colleagues to op-pose this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2139. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) and the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) 
are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 225 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—52 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Fischer Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
King Rubio Stabenow 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2124 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 2124, offered by the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY. 
The Senator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
The question occurs on agreeing to 
the amendment. 
The amendment (No. 2124) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2115 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 2115, offered by the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, for Mr. B ENNET . 
Mrs. MURRAY. I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question occurs on agreeing to 
the amendment. 
The amendment (No. 2115) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
this has been a very good day. I appre-ciate Senators coming to the floor. It has been interesting to hear Senators’ differing opinions on some issues, but there is a consensus that runs through this debate, and it runs through the Democratic side as well as the Repub-lican side, which is that we have a con-sensus about the need to fix No Child Left Behind and we have a consensus about how to do it. 
I thank the senior Democrat on the 
education committee, Senator M
UR-
RAY, for her excellent work, and I 
thank the majority leader and the Democratic leader, who have created an environment here where we can get quite a bit done. 
We have continued during the day to 
agree to a large number of amend-ments. We have pretty well worked through some of the more contentious amendments we have had to deal with. We expect to have more amendments tomorrow morning before lunch, al-though it probably will be later to-night, even in the morning, before we have an agreement on how to do that. So we will continue to work toward that. 
Let me see if the Senator from Wash-
ington has any comments she would like to make. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Let me say to the 
Senator from Tennessee that his work on this has been really great. We are working hard on both sides of the aisle to get a bill to the President, and this is part of that process. I concur with him that we are working through this, and our hope is to get up some more amendments tomorrow morning. We should be able to announce that later tonight or tomorrow morning. 
Again, I thank the chairman of the 
committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.058 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4832 July 8, 2015 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Alabama. 
f 
SANCTUARY CITIES 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I first 
want to thank Senator A LEXANDER , 
and I have a few remarks to make about sanctuary cities and how they threaten the safety of our country. 
I am cosponsoring Senator C
OTTON ’s 
amendment to this bill that would withhold Federal law enforcement funds to sanctuary jurisdictions. The amendment, based largely on the provi-sions of the Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act, which we introduced a few weeks ago, ensures that jurisdictions that choose to en-danger their communities and the pub-lic at large by adopting these reckless policies receive no Federal law enforce-ment funding. 
It is a fundamental principle of law 
enforcement that individuals who are tried in one jurisdiction and who also face charges in other jurisdictions are held and turned over to the next juris-diction before being released because it becomes an extremely dangerous prob-lem if they are released before charges are disposed of in another jurisdiction. That is being violated deliberately and openly by a number of cities in the country as an act of defiance and dis-respect for those traditions of courtesy between Federal and State jurisdic-tions and even county and city juris-dictions. 
Congress has an obligation to ensure 
that limited taxpayer dollars are not given to those cities and counties that refuse to cooperate with basic Federal law enforcement efforts to remove criminal aliens from the country. 
I would like to take a few moments 
to talk about the life of Kate Steinle. Kate was a 32-year-old young woman who grew up approximately 40 miles east of San Francisco in Pleasanton, CA. She graduated from Amador Valley High School and California Poly-technic State University. She worked as a sales representative for a medical device equipment company and was precisely the type of person every par-ent aspires for their child to become. Kate’s family described her as ‘‘loving, smart and beautiful.’’ Kate’s brother said that ‘‘she was the most wonderful, loving, caring person.’’ Kate’s friends described her as an ‘‘amazing, very compassionate person’’ with an infec-tious smile and the kind of friend who was always there. 
Last Wednesday, Kate had plans to 
visit her brother and his wife in Pleasanton with the hopes of learning whether she would soon have a new niece or nephew. Before leaving, she 
spent some time with her father stroll-ing around San Francisco and taking pictures at Pier 14—one of the busiest and most popular tourist destinations in the city. 
While on Pier 14 and in broad day-
light, Kate was shot to death by an il-legal alien. Kate’s mother, Liz Sul-livan, described the horrific encounter to the San Francisco Chronicle, ex-plaining that Kate just kept saying, ‘‘Dad, help me, help me.’’ Kate’s father performed CPR until the paramedics arrived and took her to the hospital, where she fought for her life but ulti-mately passed away. 
Her death was at the hands of Fran-
cisco Sanchez, an illegal alien with seven felony convictions who had been deported to Mexico at least six sepa-rate times, most recently in 2009. Ac-cording to information obtained by my office, this individual’s criminal his-tory includes multiple criminal convic-tions and lengthy Federal and State prison sentences dating back to 1991, including felony heroin possession, fel-ony manufacture of narcotics, revoked probation, and at least four convictions for illegal reentry after deportation, among others. 
In an interview with local media, this 
individual admitted to shooting Kate. In the same interview, the individual stated that he repeatedly returned to San Francisco because he knew San Francisco was a sanctuary city where he would not be pursued by immigra-tion officials. 
Make no mistake—in essence, that is 
what a sanctuary city is. Not only do they not honor detainers—the basic law enforcement requirement between jurisdictions—but they send a signal that ‘‘No matter whether you are legal or illegal, you are safe in our city, and we will do nothing to facilitate your apprehension for violations of law.’’ 
Despite this extensive criminal his-
tory of approximately six prior depor-tations and no obligation to release this individual to local custody in San Francisco—a jurisdiction that is known to release illegal immigrants back into the public—Federal authori-ties turned this individual over to San Francisco on March 26. 
I question whether the Federal Gov-
ernment should have ever turned him over to San Francisco. Perhaps they should have deported him on the spot. But, courtesy says, San Francisco indi-cated they had another criminal charge and they turned him over. The charge apparently was for distribution of a controlled substance. On April 15, for reasons which at this point are un-clear, this individual was released from San Francisco County Jail—an action that led directly to the death of Kate Steinle on July 1. 
So San Francisco filed a detainer 
with the Bureau of Prisons, which had this individual in custody, and the Bu-reau of Prisons dutifully—according to, it appears, normal procedures—turned him over to San Francisco for proc-essing of San Francisco’s criminal 
charge. Then, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, doing its job, filed their detainer with San Fran-cisco in effect saying: San Francisco, when you finish handling this case, he is ours to be deported. Being a sanc-tuary city, however, San Francisco did not honor it. 
Notably, within the same 24-hour pe-
riod, across the country in another sanctuary jurisdiction—Laredo, TX— Angelica Martinez was brutally mur-dered with a hammer by her husband, Juan Francisco De Luna Vasquez, an illegal alien. He had been deported from the United States four times. Local police said this was the third vio-lent encounter between this couple and that Vasquez had also had a previous driving-while-intoxicated charge and a charge for evading arrest. As a sanc-tuary city, Laredo refused to even tell the Department of Homeland Security of the arrest and denied Homeland Se-curity the ability to file a detainer with their jurisdiction. They just de-nied it. 
These cases, colleagues, highlight the 
tragic and completely avoidable con-sequences of sanctuary jurisdiction policies. Indeed, if not for sanctuary cities and the Obama administration’s continued destruction in other areas of immigration enforcement, Kate and others surely would be alive today. Her death could have been prevented, but the extreme open borders ideology that rejects even the deportation of crimi-nals—that is, people who commit crimes other than the crime of enter-ing the country illegally—led to her death, as it has led to the death of many others. 
Although sanctuary jurisdictions are 
not a recent development, they have been allowed to flourish under this ad-ministration. Let me repeat that. This administration has allowed sanctuary cities to flourish. On a few occasions, officials in the government have com-plained, once about Chicago, Cook County, but no action was ever taken to pressure Cook County to change. The administration has not only re-fused to stop cities from acting in this way but has emboldened them with this systematic dismantling of immi-gration enforcement. 
In fact, while this administration has 
taken legal action against State and local jurisdictions that have simply at-tempted to help the Federal Govern-ment enforce our immigration laws, they sued them to block their efforts to enforce the law or help the Federal Government enforce the law—States and counties which have never at-tempted to deport people, but they have taken efforts when they capture somebody for a crime or for a DUI and find out they are illegally in the coun-try—they would like to be able to turn them over to the Federal Government in some fashion so they can be de-ported. 
This has been resisted by the Federal 
Government, unfortunately. In 2010, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.050 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4833 July 8, 2015 
the Federal Government openly an-
nounced it would not undertake any legal action against sanctuary jurisdic-tions for refusing to cooperate with the enforcement of our immigration laws. Thus, while it had the time and re-sources to sue States like Arizona and litigate such cases all the way to the Supreme Court, this administration has not spent a dime to take similar actions against sanctuary jurisdictions around the country, and the adminis-tration was well aware of the dangers posed by these policies. 
Former ICE Executive Associate Di-
rector of Enforcement and Removal Operations Gary Mead said that sanc-tuary cities—and in particular Cook County, IL—were ‘‘an accident waiting to happen.’’ That was obviously a sound prediction, and we have seen the tragic results. 
Not only has the government failed 
to stand up to sanctuary jurisdictions, but two days ago—the White House is now claiming that if Congress had just passed the Gang of 8 bill, the com-prehensive amnesty bill, then this would never have happened. But the Gang of 8 bill the President pushed so hard for would have dramatically in-creased incidents of criminal alien vio-lence, officially legalizing dangerous offenders while handcuffing immigra-tion officers from doing their jobs. Law enforcement professionals told us the Gang of 8 bill would have undermined the rule of law in America, not strengthened it. These are the people who know. 
Chris Crane and Ken Palinkas, presi-
dents of the National ICE Council that represents all ICE officers, and the USCIS union, respectively—these two leaders of these two important organi-zations issued a statement on behalf of their officers—the key officers who en-force immigration law in America. This is what our Federal law officers had to say about the President’s idea that the Gang of 8 bill would fix these kinds of problems: 
The [Gang of Eight] proposal will make 
Americans less safe and it will ensure more illegal immigration—especially visa over-stays—in the future. It provides legalization for thousands of dangerous criminals while making it more difficult for our officers to identify public safety and national security threats. . . . 
They go on to say: 
The legislation was guided from the begin-
ning by anti-enforcement special interests and, should it become law, will have the de-sired effects of these groups: Blocking immi-gration enforcement. . . . 
They go on to say: 
[It is an] anti-public safety bill and an 
anti-law enforcement bill. 
Imagine if the country’s chief law en-
forcement officer—that is, the Presi-dent of the United States—had spent that year trying to end sanctuary cit-ies and deport criminal aliens and en-force the laws of the United States in-stead of trying to empower open bor-ders activists and fighting against law enforcement and refusing to enforce whole sections of plain law through his 
Executive amnesty what could have been done to end unlawfulness in this country and turn this country around. 
Just to show how deep the disagree-
ment was between the Federal law offi-cers and their supervisors—their politi-cally-appointed supervisors—they actu-ally filed a lawsuit in Federal court contending that their superiors were ordering them to violate their oath to enforce the laws of the United States. They sought relief in the Federal court. The district judge found merit in their claims, but ruled against them on a procedural issue. That case is now be-fore the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 
It is an incredible spectacle that law 
enforcement officers were suing their supervisors—the political appointees of the President—because they were being ordered to violate the plain law they had sworn to uphold. 
It is time to get our priorities 
straight. We need immigration reform all right but reform that serves the in-terests of the American people—not international corporations, not anti- enforcement zealots, not the open bor-ders lobby. They don’t get to dictate to America how laws should be enforced. Immigration reform should mean im-proving immigration controls, not fur-ther weakening or eliminating them. 
Just yesterday it was reported that a 
six-time deported illegal alien in Ari-zona was charged in a felony hit-and- run of a mother and her two young children who were seriously injured in the crash—six times deported, he re-turns. 
When they return, do they not go to 
jail? Are we just going to continue to deport them time after time with no real consequence? 
Mr. President, 121 homicides have 
been committed by aliens who were re-leased from ICE custody over the last few years. People who were released after being held by Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers, ille-gally here—not deported but were re-leased—have murdered 121 people. 
So over 170,000 criminal aliens with 
final orders of removal are walking our streets. ICE releases tens of thousands of criminal aliens every year into our communities. The policies of this ad-ministration have effectively nullified law in a host of areas. That is plain fact. 
I have talked to the officers person-
ally. I know what the policies are. I know the effects of these policies are exactly what the administration want-ed, exactly what the special interests wanted, exactly what the ACLU want-ed, exactly what La Raza wanted. That is what they have been asking for. That is what this administration has delivered. 
Now, when a murder occurs which be-
comes national news, they say that it is not our fault; it is Congress’s fault. 
These actions have effectively nul-
lified plain law. George Washington University Law Professor Jonathan Turley—who supported President 
Obama’s reelection—has documented that. These are facts. The number of acceptable crimes committed by illegal 
aliens is zero. 
Congress must take action now to 
protect all Americans, including the millions of dutiful immigrants who are in our country, many of them in high- crime areas, to protect them from criminal gangs and violent offenders. 
Just recently, I, along with Senators 
V
ITTER , PERDUE , COTTON , INHOFE , and 
BOOZMAN , introduced the Michael 
Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act, a bill named for two sheriff’s deputies in California who were murdered by an illegal alien with an extensive criminal record, and, I thought, three deporta-tions. Talking to the widows of these officers recently, I am told that he may have been deported four times—and had an extensive criminal record. 
So this bill is a companion to the 
House bill introduced earlier this year by the chairman of the House Sub-committee on Immigration and Border Security T
REYGOWDY . It is a good bill. 
Our bill is similar. In addition to en-
hancing cooperation with States and local law enforcement and eliminating loopholes that allow criminal aliens to obtain immigration benefits, this bill would constitute a clear, strong, and responsible response to sanctuary ju-risdictions and other government ac-tions. Specifically, it would withhold Federal funding from sanctuary juris-dictions that do not cooperate with the enforcement of Federal immigration laws or do not honor Federal immigra-tion detainers, provide immunity to ju-risdictions that honor detainers and hold aliens until ICE can pick them up, and provide a general sense of Congress that ‘‘the Department of Homeland Se-curity has probable cause to believe that an alien is inadmissible or deport-able when it issues a detainer’’ for an alien. That would clear up one of the loopholes being cited here to excuse some of these actions. 
By the way, I believe it is 300 sanc-
tuary cities and counties in the coun-try out of 17,000 or so law enforcement jurisdictions. Some of them are quite large cities: Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles. 
The passage of these sections alone 
could do more to combat sanctuary ju-risdictions and protect the people of those communities and really the country from criminal aliens than what this administration has accom-plished in the 7 years or so it has been in office. 
It is time for Congress to make its 
first item of business the immediate passage of legislation to cut off Federal law enforcement moneys to sanctuary cities. Not one more parent should lose a son or daughter because American cities are harboring criminals. In any State—like mine, I was attorney gen-eral of Alabama—one jurisdiction is prosecuting a person for a crime, and when that is completed and another one has a warrant against them, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.051 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4834 July 8, 2015 
file a detainer. When you are finished 
with the criminal, he is sent back, whether he is acquitted or whether he is convicted. This is basic law enforce-ment. It goes on in every jurisdiction in this country. 
The Federal Government holds peo-
ple for State jurisdictions and the State jurisdictions hold people for the Federal Government. I was a Federal prosecutor for 12 years. It is done all the time. It is shocking to me—abso-lutely shocking—that a great city of the United States of America would not honor a detainer by the U.S. Gov-ernment. 
The Immigration and Customs En-
forcement officers should not second- guess why it is issued or not. It is up to that jurisdiction to try or acquit or treat responsibly the person they are now prepared to release to them. To ig-nore that is a breach of the most fun-damental relationships between Fed-eral law enforcement, and it is done for political reasons by political mayors, generally, and city councils to try to win votes, I suppose. It has no principle in fact. 
I am also calling on Congress to 
move toward a series of measures, whether as stand-alone bills, in appro-priations measures or in any other planned legislation, to establish immi-gration reforms that serve the inter-ests of all lawful residents of the United States living here today. These are some things we need to do: 
End the release of criminal aliens 
from Federal custody. We cannot just let them go after having been con-victed of a crime. They need to be de-ported. The law says they shall be de-ported. It has been ignored. 
Cut off visas to foreign countries 
that will not repatriate their aliens. It is an absolute outrage that countries like China refuse to take back people who are lawfully deported by the United States. Yet they want us to give visas to them. We should cut off fund-ing. We should cut off their visas until they agree to promptly take back these individuals. That is the whole basis of international visa law. All nations know that. Most nations take their na-tionals back promptly. This refusal by these countries backs up our system, costs us millions of dollars in housing, and all kinds of other additional prob-lems. It needs to end. We can end it just like that if the President would take action. The law requires it. The President doesn’t really need a law to fix that one. 
Suspend visas to countries with high 
overstay rates. Some of these countries have this huge number that get a visa and never return home and they reach these higher rates. We don’t have to keep giving visas to countries whose residents don’t return like they are supposed to and at the time they are supposed to. 
We need to close the asylum loop-
holes and eliminate fraud. This is a huge issue and can be greatly abused. We need to end the catch and release at the border with mandatory detention 
and repatriation for illegal border crossers. This administration has ended Operation Streamline, which is a very effective policy. It started during the Bush administration and was con-tinued for a while under President Obama. Now they have undermined that. 
We need to protect the work site 
with E-Verify. If a person can’t estab-lish they are here lawfully with a law-ful Social Security number, they don’t need to be employed. 
We need to curtail an oversupply of 
foreign work visas to protect American jobs first. The only immigration meas-ures politicians should be discussing today are those that protect Ameri-cans, that protect American security and safety and American jobs and American communities. More than enough has been done for the special interests. They have had their day. They had their day too long. 
Whether we are talking about em-
ployees at Walt Disney in Florida, un-employed construction workers in Cali-fornia or truck drivers in North Da-kota, it is time for the needs of Ameri-cans who are out of work to come first. We don’t have enough jobs for Ameri-cans. We don’t need to bring in more foreign workers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE . The Senator’s time has ex-
pired. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I am sorry, Mr. 
President. I ask unanimous consent for one additional minute to wrap up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. There is no more 
basic need than ensuring that all Americans live in a safe, secure, and peaceful community. I believe the leg-islation I have offered will take us in that direction. It is sound. It is respon-sible. It is consistent with American law. It is well within all of the con-stitutional requirements. I hope my colleagues will be able to study it as time goes by and pass it into law. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask unanimous 
consent to speak for up to 20 minutes in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
expect I will take less than the 20 min-utes, just to reassure you, but I want to reserve that much time. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
this is the 105th time I have come to the Senate floor to urge my colleagues to wake up to the reality of climate change. I know the Presiding Officer is a veteran of several of these speeches. For far too long, far too many of us in this Chamber have simply dismissed the evidence of climate change. They have ignored the sober warnings of sci-
entists, generals, of doctors, of econo-mists, even of big company CEOs that these risks are real. The warnings are 
clear: If we continue on our present path, we will leave our children and grandchildren with a world very dif-ferent from our own and not for the better. 
By denying the science, dismissing 
the risks or simply by their silence, Senate Republicans have effectively pledged allegiance to the fossil fuel companies—companies that make a lot of money polluting the atmosphere with carbon emissions and that spend big on politics. 
Outside this Chamber, however, the 
American people want action. Ameri-cans overwhelmingly favor limits on greenhouse gases and getting more electricity from renewables. It is hap-pening across the country. It is defi-nitely true in Rhode Island, my home State, but it is not just Rhode Island-ers. 
Over this past recess, I went to Ten-
nessee. I found that people in the Vol-unteer State see the effects, they see the risks, and they see the opportuni-ties that come with climate change. 
In Knoxville, I met with Mayor Mad-
eline Rogero, and I heard about the great work she is doing. Knoxville is making their infrastructure more resil-ient to flooding and storms and work-ing to reduce its greenhouse gas emis-sions, partnering with local utilities and citizens groups. Greenhouse gas emissions from the city’s operations were down 12 percent in 2014, compared to 2005. Their goal is to make it to 20 percent. 
Mayor Rogero told me about the 
risks climate change poses in Eastern Tennessee: changes in the Smoky Mountains parks nearby, programs like Round It Up that help people with util-ity bills getting hammered by earlier, hotter summer weather. She told me Knoxville wasn’t alone. Even little Ducktown, TN, built a 28-kilowatt solar array. 
I visited Oak Ridge National Labora-
tory, which is researching how climate change will affect Tennessee and the United States and the rest of the world. Let me tell you, they are not doubting climate change at Oak Ridge. They are planning for it. They are modeling warming up to 18 degrees Fahrenheit in the vast boreal forest re-gions of the Northern Hemisphere. 
They are concerned about the phony 
science being propagated by the fossil fuel industry front groups—what I have called the parallel science designed to look like science without actually being peer-reviewed or meeting the standards—and they are saddened to see the public taken in and Congress stalled. They have a brilliant anima-tion of industrial-era carbon emissions climate. If I could use a monitor in-stead of this piece of cardboard I would show it to you, but I can’t. So you will have to find it. You can go to my website where I have a link: white-house.senate.gov/climatechange. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.053 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4835 July 8, 2015 
One employee at Oak Ridge, a Ten-
nessean who had grown up nearby, told me about the recent trouble with fire ants. The fire ant is an invasive species from South America that can deliver a nasty sting. She said growing up she had never seen them—not a worry. Now she has to worry about a swarm of them getting on her children. Nor-mally, cold nights and winter freezes limit the range of the fire ant. But this invasive species has moved north into Tennessee with the warming tempera-tures. 
For those colleagues who believe the 
only values that matter are those that can be monetized, the USDA estimates that U.S. losses to the invasive fire ant are almost $6 billion a year. 
Fire ants aren’t the only invasive 
pests that benefit from warmer nights and winters. The threat of the invading emerald ash borer and the Asian longhorned beetle means that campers visiting Tennessee can’t bring their own firewood into the Great Smoky Mountains National Park anymore. As of March 1, only heat-treated firewood is allowed, certified by the USDA or the State. 
Climate change threatens the Great 
Smoky Mountains with much more than invasive species. The national park may lose up to 17 percent of the mammals that presently live there as climate change shifts their habitat and changes the composition of the forest. 
The Tennessee Wildlife Resource 
Agency says that ‘‘Tennessee’s wildlife and natural resources face a serious threat from climate change.’’ The agency did a comprehensive assess-ment of the potential effects climate change would have on the State’s wild-life. These are some of its key findings: 
Tennessee’s forests are expected to under-
go changes in forest growth and composition. . . . [S]ome high elevation forest types will be dramatically impacted or lost entirely; brook trout populations are expected to de-cline; migratory songbirds may alter their ranges, with some species disappearing from Tennessee altogether; and larger floods and longer droughts could cause increased ero-sion, reduced water supply, and the spread of invasive species. 
Meeting with local environmental 
leaders and advocates at the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy, I learned that air quality is another significant problem for the Volunteer State, espe-cially in Eastern Tennessee. 
Here is a map I got from them show-
ing the counties that still get a D or an F for air quality: Sullivan County, D; Knox County, D; Loudon County, D; Jefferson County, D; Sevier County, F; Blount County, F; Hamilton County, which has Chattanooga in it, F; Cannon County, D; Wilson County, F; Williamson County, F; Shelby County, F. 
If you fix the carbon pollution from 
the coal plants, you will fix a lot of these air quality problems, too, and these air quality problems in the fa-mous Great Smoky Mountains. They were smoky enough, I guess, to begin with. This is not helping. I also learned of the threats posed by 
flooding from storms. In May 2010, a massive storm rolled over Tennessee and caused $1.5 billion damage in Nash-ville alone. FEMA declared disaster 
areas in 30 counties and more than 60,000 families received Federal aid. Precipitation has measurably in-creased in parts of Tennessee during the last century, and as climate change continues, heavy rains and extreme weather are expected to increase. For fishermen, in addition to the warming of the stream water, streams that are blown out by extreme rains are bad for trout fishing. 
In Tennessee I also saw great hope 
for climate action. Mayor Rogero is working with Oak Ridge National Lab-oratory to design a climate change sus-tainability plan for Knoxville and the area around it, including the lab cam-pus. The laboratory is also a leading research center for advanced nuclear technology, including small modular reactors that could help unlock low- carbon energy with reduced risk of ac-cidents or proliferation. 
Tennessee is ripe with wind and solar 
potential, and the famous Tennessee Valley Authority, after a slow start, is getting around to renewables invest-ments and supporting distributed gen-eration. The TVA has learned from things such as having to derate power-
plants on the Tennessee River because the river grew too warm to cool the thermal load of the plant and seeing giant demand sways from 12,000 to 35,000 megawatts. 
I met with University of Tennessee 
professors who are helping the TVA make the move. The University of Ten-nessee has entire programs on climate change. They are not denying it. They have professors such as Dean Rivkin at the College of Law, Mary English at the Howard Baker Center, and John Nolt, recently the head of the faculty senate, who has written on the moral importance of counting climate casual-ties. By the way, Professor Nolt cites studies showing global deaths from the consequences of climate change every year in the range of 140,000, 300,000 and 400,000. But why should we care? 
Private companies get it in Ten-
nessee. I heard a lot about Wampler’s Farm Sausage, headquartered in Lenoir City, which has invested in solar and biomass energy production to cut down on energy bills and provide stability to its business. For them it is about business and the environment. The company sees consumer demand ahead for sustainably produced prod-ucts. In the words of company presi-dent Ted Wampler, Jr., ‘‘being green is going to sell sausage.’’ 
I had a nice dinner with lovely people 
from the Knoxville Garden Club. Some had come to Congress for the annual garden club trip to urge Congress to take action. They see in their garden the changes that are reflected in the USDA plant hardiness zone for Knox-ville shifting in their very lifetimes. 
A highlight of the trip was the an-
nual meeting of the Outdoor Writers Association of America. I was invited 
by the executive director, Tom Sad-dler, and joined a panel with Dr. Cam-eron Wake from the University of New Hampshire, Hal Herring from Field & Stream magazine, and Todd Tanner, the president of Conservation Hawks. I urge anybody who is listening to this to take 10 minutes and look at the fly fishing clip ‘‘Cold Waters’’ on the Con-servation Hawk’s Web site. It is called co2ldwaters.org, but the trick is there is a ‘‘2’’ in the middle. The Web site is co2ldwaters.org. One thing was crystal clear from our panel and from the dis-cussion that followed, and that is this: Real outdoorsmen don’t deny climate change. If you don’t believe me, believe legendary outdoorsman Yvon Chouinard. Look at the clip at co2ldwaters.org. 
If we in this Chamber could wake up 
and stop denying this problem, we could do a lot to help. Real legislative action, such as a price on carbon, could unlock energy innovation and it could make the fat-cat, politician-buying polluters actually compete fair and square on a level playing field with clean energy. Of course they would rather not. They would rather pollute the world and rig the politics to rig the competition so they can keep polluting for free. 
If you think from my comments that 
I am mad about the disgraceful polit-ical conduct of the oil and coal barons, well, you are right; I am. It is sick-ening. It is a disgrace. And no, it is not good enough to say just enough good things about climate change to get through a cocktail party at Davos, while you keep your corporate money flowing to the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the American Petroleum Insti-tute, and other denial front groups to stop progress at all costs. You can’t have it both ways. I will know the Big Oil CEOs are serious when they pub-licly tell the Wall Street Journal edi-torial page that it is OK to knock off the climate denial. 
What I would like is to take their 
high-priced lobbyists, to take their slippery lawyers, to take their paid-for bogus scientists and put them all up in the high country for a week with Yvon Chouinard or someone like him who really loves and knows the country they are wrecking. It just might be good for their souls. 
Senator S
CHATZ and I have a bill to 
level the energy playing field by lev-ying a carbon fee on fossil fuel emis-sions. In our bill every nickel collected goes back to the American people, and most of it goes back through cutting taxes. When it is time for Republicans to break free of this filthy grip the fos-sil fuel industry has, we will be there. We will be there, and we will be wait-ing. Take a look at our bill. It would be a win-win-win for the American people, and it aligns with what so many Re-publicans outside of Congress are say-ing about the correct solution to the climate problem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.054 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4836 July 8, 2015 
I hope my Republican colleagues, 
particularly my friends from Ten-nessee, take a close look at it. Both Senators from Tennessee recognize human-caused climate change. The senior Senator, our friend who has just done such a masterful job of bringing this elementary and secondary edu-cation bill to the floor and steering it so far through this process, is a re-nowned champion of clean energy re-search and of electric vehicles. 
Tennessee’s junior Senator said in 
2009, when cap-and-trade ideas were swirling: 
I wish we would just talk about a carbon 
tax, 100 percent of which would be returned to the American people. So there’s no net dollars that would come out of the American people’s pockets. 
Gentlemen, that is our bill. I am 
open to this discussion any time, but let’s please not wait too long. As they know at Oak Ridge, as they know in the mayor’s offices in Knoxville and Ducktown, as they know at the Univer-sity of Tennessee, and as the rangers know up in the Great Smoky Moun-tains, time’s a wasting, and we need to wake up. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MILLENNIUM COMPACTS FOR RE-
GIONAL ECONOMIC INTEGRATION ACT 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak about the successes of the Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation, or MCC, which is one of the U.S. Govern-ment’s newest and most potent re-sources in the war against global pov-erty. 
MCC was founded by a bipartisan act 
of Congress in 2004 as a new way to de-liver foreign assistance. While the U.S. Agency for International Development, USAID, remains a critical tool for working with countries in need, MCC was given a very specific and focused goal: to reduce poverty through eco-nomic growth. The countries receiving MCC grants would be partners with a strong say in how their money would be spent. And, countries would need to compete for MCC dollars—only the best governed countries that performed bet-ter than their peers on matters of eco-nomic freedom, ruling justly, and in-vesting in their people, would be wor-thy of MCC funding. 
The MCC model is working. Coun-
tries are taking a hard look at their problems and poring over their per-formance scorecards so that they can become MCC-eligible. Academics have confirmed that the so-called ‘‘MCC Ef-fect’’—MCC’s ability to incentivize sig-nificant policy reforms from countries 
seeking a compact—is real and mean-ingful. 
MCC countries are reforming in vital 
ways to be part of MCC. Ghana, for ex-ample, is reforming its entire power sector in order to receive MCC assist-ance. In Lesotho, women were fun-damentally unequal citizens, unable to open a bank account without a man’s permission. MCC made the Lesotho partnership contingent upon removing those barriers, and women now enjoy economic freedoms unavailable to them before. 
With 11 years under its belt and a 
proven record of success, the MCC is looking towards the future and assess-ing how it can amplify its already sig-nificant effects on fighting poverty. One way we can do that is to give MCC the flexibility to coordinate its work on a regional basis. That is why I intro-duced S. 1605, the Millennium Com-pacts for Regional Economic Integra-tion Act, or the M-CORE Act, along with Senators F
LAKE , COONS , and I SAK-
SONon June 18, 2015. The M-CORE Act 
would enable MCC to establish concur-rent compacts in eligible developing countries, enhancing their ability to promote economic growth and cross- border engagement between and among nations. Through the greater regional economic collaboration that MCC re-gional compacts will achieve, countries can address deficiencies in communica-tions, transportation, and energy net-works. MCC’s bilateral compacts have increased access to reliable power, built highway corridors, and improved business climates, thereby promoting economic growth and cross-border en-gagement within MCC partner coun-tries. 
Regional investments can have an 
even greater rate of return. In Central America, for example, MCC’s work on road infrastructure could have had an even greater impact if the roads con-nected across borders. And in Africa, neighboring countries could collabo-rate on a regional power pool, connect land-locked countries to transpor-tation infrastructure, or address other policy, institutional, and logistical challenges that hamper economic growth and development. 
MCC has, by mandate, always focused 
on economic analysis and rigorous data; and its approach to regional in-vestments has been no exception. MCC’s extensive analysis has concluded that a regional approach to poverty re-duction, under the right cir-cumstances, can present opportunities to take advantage of higher rates of re-turn on investment and larger scale re-ductions in poverty. 
In short, MCC regional investments 
have the potential to greatly enhance economic growth in well-governed re-gions of the developing world. I urge my Senate colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense legisla-tion. REMEMBERING LINDA NORRIS 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor the life of Linda Norris, a beloved former member of both my State and Washington, DC, staff who passed away recently. Linda was the very first member of Team Crapo and has left a lasting legacy in my office as well as in her adopted State of Idaho. 
Linda retired from the Senate nearly 
7 years ago after providing 18 years of service to Idahoans. Linda was the first staff member to join my congressional campaign as a member of my first House campaign staff. She was promi-nent and pivotal in my campaign and quickly became one of the most reli-able and intuitive staff members. Linda then became my first regional director in Twin Falls, ID, serving throughout my service in the U.S. House of Representatives and into my service in the U.S. Senate. As State Di-rector of Constituent Services, she es-tablished high constituent service standards, ones that are still used in my office, and she advocated strongly for military families and veterans. Her friendly nature, southern charm, and quick intellect helped defuse potential conflicts, and she represented the House and Senate offices with the ut-most professionalism. 
Whether she was working in Idaho or 
Washington, DC, her priority was to serve the people of Idaho, which she carried out with the utmost care and diligence. Her lasting legacy will be her influence over domestic violence awareness and prevention. More than 20 years ago, she arranged for me to visit a local shelter for abused chil-dren. The visit inspired an immovable commitment to increase awareness of domestic violence and to advocate for solutions and assistance for victims in every possible circumstance. Her inter-est and advocacy in this matter also spurred her into action when she recog-nized the need for training public serv-ants who worked on public lands in how to handle domestic violence situa-tions that arise when people are on public lands, not in their homes. With my strong support, she worked with the appropriate individuals within the U.S. Forest Service to initiate pro-grams to train employees on domestic violence prevention. This remarkable achievement might be enough to most people, but Linda was a force that con-tinued to search for ways to improve the lives of others. 
She touched the lives of many Idaho 
military families and youth. As an Army wife herself, Linda had a per-sonal understanding of military fami-lies. This experience gave her empathy to advocate effectively and attentively on behalf of Idaho military members, veterans, and their families. Linda also instituted and guided my military academy nomination process, helping countless Idaho youth on their path to success. 
She was observant, inspired, tactful, 
and hard-working. Linda helped high-light the unrecognized good deeds of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.055 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4837 July 8, 2015 
fellow Idahoans by suggesting I create 
two awards: the Spirit of Idaho for vol-unteers, and the Spirit of Freedom for veterans and those who work with vet-erans. These awards recognize the ex-traordinary efforts of Idahoans and the service of veterans and volunteers serv-ing veterans. She also helped achieve hard-sought land access and conserva-tion policies. Linda was a nurse by training and profession, which is con-sistent with her gift for helping and caring for people, a behavior she dem-onstrated repeatedly. The legacy that she left upon her retirement remains today in the Crapo office. 
Since news of her unexpected passing 
has reached my staff and former staff members, remembrances of Linda have poured in. I would like to share a few with you: 
‘‘Linda was a singular individual who 
set the pace for constituent services in Idaho. She cared for individuals and families, not ‘cases’. Her approach in-fluenced me and how I set up suc-ceeding constituent services oper-ations. Her zealous care for people has been emulated and has resulted in thousands of Idahoans getting the help they deserve from their government.’’ 
‘‘Linda was truly an amazing, gen-
erous, and gracious lady. She truly was beautiful both inside and out. Linda made me feel so welcome on my first trip to Idaho. She joked with people that she introduced me to that I was from way, way Southern Idaho. We de-cided that Lava Hot Springs would be my adopted hometown. Really being from Louisiana, I loved that Linda and I shared strong Southern roots, and great wacky stories.’’ 
‘‘She has that southern mixture of 
sweetness and sass with an underlying spirit and determination that was al-ways apparent.’’ 
Beyond her professional accomplish-
ments, Linda was a great friend. Not only did she pay attention to my pro-fessional needs, but she also recognized when some personal time was needed. Many times when I was working in her region, she built in time in the sched-ule for a much needed clothes shopping trip, a visit to the eye doctor, or just some down time with my family. My wife, family, and I have all been blessed with her friendship. Linda will be missed beyond measure, and I ex-tend deep condolences to family and friends. Thank you for your service, Linda. Rest in peace, dear friend. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CANDLE-LITE COM-
PANY ON ITS 175TH ANNIVER-SARY 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to honor Candle-lite Company— the oldest continually operating candle company in the United States—as it celebrates its 175th anniversary. 
Candle-lite Company was founded in 
1840 by Thomas Emery, who traveled door-to-door selling candles in Cin-cinnati, OH. His venture continued to grow and eventually his son, Thomas Jr, joined the business. Candle-lite’s 
products were manufactured in various locations in the Cincinnati area before manufacturing was moved to its cur-rent location in Leesburg, OH, in 1952. 
Today, Candle-lite’s 1 million-square- 
foot manufacturing and distribution fa-cility in Leesburg employs over 600 Ohioans annually and the corporate headquarters in Blue Ash employs 70. 
I congratulate Candle-lite and its 
employees in making its first 175 years a success and extend my best wishes for the next 175 years. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO RUTH GRIFFIN 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor one of New Hampshire’s most revered and accomplished leaders, Ruth Lewin Griffin, as she celebrates her 90th birthday. 
Born in Fall River, MA, Ruth moved 
to Portsmouth, NH, at a young age and continues to reside there today. Most notably, she served as executive coun-cilor for the third district of New Hampshire for 20 years. As a testament to her continued commitment to the Granite State, Ruth currently serves as chairman of the Portsmouth Hous-ing Authority. 
But Ruth’s career of service began 
long before her time on the executive council. After graduating from Ports-mouth High School, Ruth went on to pursue a degree from Wentworth Hos-pital School of Nursing. Using the skills she learned as a registered nurse, she dove headfirst into a career as a public servant, holding office as a State senator and State representative and serving on the Portsmouth Police Commission and board of education. She also served as a delegate to two Constitutional Conventions and as a Republican national committeewoman. Ruth has earned well-deserved praise for her service to our State, including being named one of New Hampshire’s Ten Most Powerful Women for 6 years in a row, and most recently, she re-ceived the 2015 Granite State Legacy Award, which honors dedication to the State, its people, and way of life. 
In addition to her tremendous service 
to New Hampshire, Ruth has been blessed with a wonderful family, in-cluding the late John Griffin, five chil-dren, five grandchildren, and two great-grandsons. Four generations of the Griffin family have lived on their family farm, raising sheep, chickens, and other livestock. As the matriarch of the family, Ruth strives to teach her family members the values she learned on the farm—hard work, humility, and perseverance. She will often tell you, invoking her family motto, that she lives her life ‘‘by courage, not by cun-ning.’’ 
Ruth embodies the spirit of a true 
New Hampshire leader. Her life is marked by her dedicated service and her devotion to making New Hamp-shire a better place to live and work. I 
had the privilege of serving alongside Ruth in the Governor’s office and the attorney general’s office and will be forever grateful for her wisdom, guid-ance, and mentorship. I am very proud to recognize and celebrate Ruth’s birthday and her extraordinary con-tributions to the State. I wish Ruth and her family the best on this very special day and for many more years of health and happiness. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING LAURA MYERS 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, 
we honor the life and legacy of Laura Myers, whose passing signifies a great loss to Nevada. I send my condolences and prayers to her family and friends during this time of hardship. Laura was an incredible person, committed to bringing joy to those around her through humanitarian service and fair- and-balanced news to residents across Nevada. She truly represented the best of journalistic excellence. She will be sorely missed by the entire Nevada family. 
Laura was born on August 26, 1961, in 
Las Vegas. She spent the majority of her childhood in northern Nevada, where she received her education and graduated from the University of Ne-vada, Reno. She began her journalism career with the Reno Gazette-Journal in 1984 and took her first step in polit-ical coverage, reporting the Nevada Legislature, in 1987. She was then hired in 1988 by the Associated Press to cover news in Carson City and later in the San Francisco and San Jose, CA, areas. 
Over the next 20 years, Laura pursued 
both her humanitarian and journalistic passion, leaving and returning to the AP several times and working with Habitat for Humanity in Uganda, Mon-golia, and New York, alongside her day job throughout the 1990s and 2000s. Laura’s first departure from the AP was in 1992 after she joined the Peace Corps, where she spent time working to help a remote village in Togo, West Af-rica. In 1995, Laura worked with the American Refugee Committee, man-aging logistics at a refugee camp in the Congo. Immediately after, she accepted another job offer from the AP with a position covering politics, foreign af-fairs, the military, and national secu-rity in Washington, DC. 
In 2003, Laura left the AP and ful-
filled her passion for movies, studying at the New York Film Academy. After-wards, in 2006, Laura spent 10 months in North Africa and the Middle East as a management consultant for Arabic- and French-language newspapers. After filling another position with the AP in 2007, Laura worked for Food for All of Washington. From 1988 to 2008, her ex-traordinary hard work and good char-acter maintained a good relationship with the AP, continuously preserving an opportunity to return. In 2009, after committing time to teaching English to adults in Egypt, Laura returned to Nevada and was hired as the Las Vegas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.020 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4838 July 8, 2015 
Review-Journal’s political reporter in 
2010. Her finals years were spent bring-ing unforgettable political coverage to the Las Vegas community. 
Throughout her 30 years in Nevada 
journalism, Laura strived to travel the world and achieve a greater under-standing of her surroundings. She sought to transcribe and bring an accu-rate picture of her findings to her read-ers. Her insatiable appetite to uncover important news stories and bring Ne-vadans pertinent political information made her the incredible journalist that she was. She embodied the Battle Born spirit of determination, fearlessness, confidence, and resilience. She was a fierce competitor, bringing out the ab-solute best of Nevada journalism. I worked with Laura for many years and have seen firsthand her unwavering dedication to her trade. Our relation-ship operated under an open-door pol-icy, and I am grateful for everything she has done. 
I extend my deepest sympathies to 
her family. We will always remember Laura for her invaluable contribution to the local community and for her compassion that touched so many lives around the globe. Her legacy of kind-ness, dedication, and true drive will echo on for years to come in Nevada journalism. 
Laura fought to bring Nevada only 
the most accurate journalism. Even in her final weeks, her dedication to those around her never faltered. I am hon-ored to commend her for her hard work and invaluable contribution to the Sil-ver State. Today, I join the Las Vegas community and citizens of the Silver State to celebrate the life of an up-standing Nevadan and friend, Laura Myers. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID SAMRICK 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Mr. David Samrick on the occasion of his recognition as the 2014 Service Center Executive of the Year by Metal Center News. Mr. Samrick has worked at Mill Steel since 1965, and was named president in 1976 after his father stepped back from day-to-day management of the family’s company. Under his leadership, Mill Steel has grown from a single-location in Grand Rapids, MI into the 23rd largest service center organization selling flat-rolled steel from Canada to the gulf coast. I appreciate the opportunity to recog-nize Mr. Samrick’s success as a busi-ness leader, as well as the contribu-tions he has made to communities throughout western Michigan. 
Mr. Samrick is the heart and soul of 
Mill Steel, the company founded by his parents in 1959. Its success is a testa-ment to Mr. Samrick’s team-building skills and his confidence in the com-pany’s leadership. Each member of the six-person leadership team has equity in the company, and all share the re-sponsibility of directing its operations. The team reflects a diversity which is unique in the steel industry, a reflec-tion of Mr. Samrick’s belief in attract-
ing the best talent available regardless of age or gender. An example of the breadth and diversity of experience at Mill Steel is the fact that—when you include Mr. Samrick—the company’s leadership team includes individuals born in the 1940s, 50s, 60s, 70s and 80s. 
The success of Mr. Samrick’s ap-
proach to management is evident in Mill Steel’s track record, especially during the past 5 years. The company’s revenue first crossed the $100 million mark in the early 2000s. In 2010, Mill Steel expanded outside the Midwest with the purchase of the former Coated Steel facility in Birmingham, AL. Last year, it added a facility at the Port of Indiana to its holdings. This has al-lowed Mill Steel to become a promi-nent player in the flat-roll steel mar-ket from Toronto to Texas. It antici-pates 700,000 tons of flat-rolled steel will pass through the doors of Mill Steel next year, with revenue expected to exceed $600 million in 2015. 
Mill Steel’s success is due in no small 
part to the company’s hard work and the loyalty displayed between it and its clients. Mr. Samrick’s patient and trusting leadership has helped Mill Steel remain flexible during economic downturns. This flexibility is also illus-trated in the company’s commitment to technology and service. In par-ticular, the company’s Rapid Response program allows it to regularly prepare and ship an order within 4 hours of being received. Mr. Samrick’s trust in his team allows Mill Steel to address the dynamic needs of its customers, en-couraging loyalty and trust across the board. 
Mr. Samrick’s successful approach to 
leadership is not only rooted in his confidence in the leadership and staff of Steel Mill; it reflects his love for his family and a desire to lead a balanced lifestyle. Mr. Samrick is devoted to his wife, two children and five grand-children. He also embraces a culture of philanthropy, demonstrated by his role as a national leader on the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, and his longtime commitment to Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Western Michigan and its parent organization, D.A. Blodgett St. John’s of Michigan. 
For almost 20 years, Mill Steel has 
led the fundraising efforts of Big Brother and Big Sisters of Western Michigan. The company took leader-ship of the organization’s annual golf outing in 1996. Since that time, the event has raised nearly $1.7 million, helping match 11,000 children with mentors. The annual golf outing cul-minates in a dinner where the Harry Samrick Scholarship, named in honor of Mr. Samrick’s father, is awarded. It is one of the many ways Mr. Samrick and Mill Steel supports children, in-cluding services projects at group homes and visits to children hospitals. 
Again, I would like to congratulate 
Mr. David Samrick on being recognized as the 2014 Service Center Executive of the Year by Metal Center News. I ap-plaud Mr. Samrick’s success, as well as 
his dedication to his family and com-munity. I am confident his leadership will continue to shape the future of Steel Mill and communities through-out western Michigan. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HASPEL 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses can often influence Amer-ican culture and provide rich traditions that we celebrate for decades to come. Born out of the unique features of their hometowns, these businesses have be-come an important part of our history. The ‘‘Throwback Thursday’’ Small Business of the Week, Haspel of New Orleans, LA has created an all-Amer-ican brand of clothing that has sup-ported domestic enterprise and manu-facturing. 
In 1909, Joseph Haspel Sr. created his 
namesake seersucker brand to help Louisianians cope with the Mighty Mississippi’s heat and humidity. Haspel recognized the need for versatile, light-weight clothing that could be worn during both the summer days and eve-nings. He based the puckered cloth off of a similar design used by workers in India, where the fabric was originally used to make overalls and laboring clothes. Haspel soon realized that a wide variety of folks could benefit from the innovative design—not simply just the day laborers for which the design was initially intended. From here, the seersucker business suit was born and quickly became a popular icon of the southern gentleman, worn at jazz con-certs and cocktail parties alike. The style spread farther north and eventu-ally solidified its place as an emblem of sophistication, having outfitted nearly every President since Calvin Coolidge. Haspel is now in its fourth generation as a family-owned business and con-tinues to provide lightweight and styl-ish clothing across the country. 
Joseph Haspel centered his brand on 
the unique culture of New Orleans and southern Louisiana. In addition to pro-viding a cloth that would help people stay cool throughout the summer, he was committed to crafting clothes that were enjoyable to wear. To dem-onstrate his wash-and-wear fabric, Haspel supposedly jumped into the At-lantic Ocean in his suit, hung it up to dry, and wore it to an event later that evening. His commitment to durable, comfortable clothing has attracted loyal customers for over 100 years. This wash-and-wear material is used today for everything from suits to shorts. 
Congratulations again to Haspel for 
being selected as the ‘‘Throwback Thursday’’ Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your continued embodi-ment of Louisiana culture and dedica-tion to 100 percent made-in-America quality clothing. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.048 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4839 July 8, 2015 
the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-
retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on June 26, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) has signed 
the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 893. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1295. An act to extend the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act, the General-ized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on June 26, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:39 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate. 
H.R. 907. An act to improve defense co-
operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
H.R. 1531. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain vet-erans. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:36 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 91. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 907. An act to improve defense co-
operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
H.R. 1531. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2576. An act to modernize the Toxic 
Substances Control Act, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2124. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Prohexadione calcium; Pesticide Tol-erances’’ (FRL No. 9927–25) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2125. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cuprous oxide; Exemption From the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9929– 51) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2126. A communication from the Pro-
gram Manager of the BioPreferred Program, Office of Procurement and Property Manage-ment, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Guidelines for Designating Biobased Products for Federal Procurement’’ (RIN0599–AA23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 24, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2127. A communication from the Coun-
sel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defin-ing Larger Participants of the Automobile Financing Market and Defining Certain Automobile Leasing Activity as a Financial Product or Service’’ (RIN3170–AA46) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2128. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2129. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 25, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2130. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Greenland Turbot in the Aleu-tian Islands Subarea of the of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD920) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 24, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2131. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–114); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2132. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the implementation of the Age Discrimina-tion Act of 1975 for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2133. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of As-sets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Pay-ing Benefits’’ (29 CFR Parts 4022 and 4044) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 25, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2134. A communication from the Board 
of Trustees, National Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2015 annual report on the financial status of the railroad unemployment insurance sys-tem; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2135. A communication from the Rail-
road Retirement Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Twenty-Sixth Actuarial Valuation of the Assets and Liabil-ities Under the Railroad Retirement Acts as of December 31, 2013’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2136. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revising Underground Storage Tank Regulations—Revisions to Existing Require-ments and New Requirements for Secondary Containment and Operator Training’’ ((RIN2050–AG46) (FRL No. 9913–64–OSWER)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2137. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Performance Specification 18—Per-formance Specifications and Test Procedures for Hydrogen Chloride Continuous Emission Monitoring Systems and Stationary Sources’’ ((RIN2060–AR81) (FRL No. 9929–25– OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2138. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.013 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4840 July 8, 2015 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Alabama’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gaso-line Volatility Standard for Birmingham, 
Alabama’’ ((RIN2060–AS58) (FRL No. 9929–91– OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2139. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Alabama’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gaso-line Volatility Standard for Birmingham, Alabama’’ ((RIN2060–AS58) (FRL No. 9929–90– OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2140. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Amendments to the Haz-ardous and Solid Waste Management Sys-tem; Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals from Electric Utilities—Correction of the Ef-fective Date’’ ((RIN2050–AE81) (FRL No. 9928– 44–OSWER)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works . 
EC–2141. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; Sheboygan County, Wisconsin 8- Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area; Reason-able Further Progress Plan’’ (FRL No. 9929– 73–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2142. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Revision to Control Organic Compound Emissions From Storage Tanks and Transport Vessels’’ (FRL No. 9929–69–Region 6) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2143. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Mississippi; Memphis TN– MS-AR Emissions Inventory for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9929–84–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2144. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; Prevention of Significant Deterioration; Greenhouse Gas Plantwide Applicability Limit Permitting Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9929–81–Region 6) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–2145. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-
titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Minor New Source Review Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9930–08–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–2146. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Modification of Significant New Uses of Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070– AB27) (FRL No. 9928–93)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2147. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Plan for Expanding Data in the Annual Comprehen-sive Error Rate Testing (CERT) Report’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2148. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Effective Date for Temporary Pilot Program Setting the Time and Place for a Hearing Before an Adminis-trative Law Judge’’ (RIN0960–AH75) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2149. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 24, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2150. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Elder Justice Coordinating Council 2012–2014 Re-port to Congress’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–2151. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s annual report on Federal agencies’ use of the Physi-cians’ Comparability Allowance (PCA) pro-gram; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2152. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Review of District of Columbia’s Compliance with the Recommendations of the Task Force on Emergency Medical Services (The Rosen-baum Task Force)’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2153. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘ANC 8D Fi-nancial Operations Were Not Fully Compli-ant with Law’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2154. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report to Congress concerning intercepted wire, oral, or electronic commu-nications; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
EC–2155. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, three (3) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the Department of Jus-tice, received during adjournment of the 
Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–2156. A communication from the Staff 
Director of the United States Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the United States Com-mission on Civil Rights renewing the charter of its federal advisory committee; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–2157. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Report of Statis-tics Required by the Bankruptcy Abuse Pre-vention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on 
Appropriations: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised 
Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals from the Concurrent resolution for Fis-cal Year 2016’’ (Rept. No. 114–78). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
KING): 
S. 1715. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the 400th anniversary of arrival of the Pilgrims; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1716. A bill to provide access to higher 
education for the students of the United States; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. C OTTON ): 
S. 1717. A bill to amend title 46, United 
States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual struc-tural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire-retardant materials; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. ROBERTS: 
S. 1718. A bill to provide for the repeal of 
certain provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that have the effect of rationing health care; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B ENNET , 
and Ms. M IKULSKI ): 
S. 1719. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 1720. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to redesign $10 Federal reserve notes so as to include a likeness of Harriet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.018 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4841 July 8, 2015 
Tubman, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. M
CCAIN): 
S. 1721. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to establish a joint uniform formulary with respect to systemic pain and psycho-tropic drugs that are critical for the transi-tion of an individual from receiving health care services furnished by the Secretary of Defense to health care services furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ROUNDS: 
S. 1722. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to repeal certain additional disclo-sure requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. G RAHAM ): 
S. Res. 217. A resolution designating Octo-
ber 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KING, Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
CASEY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
TESTER , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. Res. 218. A resolution congratulating the 
United States Women’s National Team for winning the 2015 FIFA World Cup; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 149, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 198, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 280 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 280, a bill to improve the efficiency, management, and inter-agency coordination of the Federal per-mitting process through reforms over-seen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from West Vir-
ginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ), the Senator from 
Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. B OXER ), the 
Senator from California (Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ), the Senator 
from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator 
from North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ) and 
the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 311, a bill to amend the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 358 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
358, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure that women members of the Armed Forces and their families have access to the con-traception they need in order to pro-mote the health and readiness of all members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes. 
S. 436 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 436, a bill to promote youth ath-letic safety and for other purposes. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 598, a bill to improve the under-standing of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 677 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 677, a bill to prohibit the ap-plication of certain restrictive eligi-bility requirements to foreign non-governmental organizations with re-spect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
683, a bill to extend the principle of fed-eralism to State drug policy, provide access to medical marijuana, and en-able research into the medicinal prop-erties of marijuana. 
S. 757 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 757, a bill to modify the prohi-bition on recognition by United States courts of certain rights relating to cer-tain marks, trade names, or commer-cial names. 
S. 766 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 766, a bill to limit the re-trieval of data from vehicle event data recorders, and for other purposes. 
S. 786 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 786, a bill to provide paid and family medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 812, a bill to enhance the abil-ity of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small busi-nesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 861 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 861, a bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
S. 878 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 878, a bill to establish a State resi-dential building energy efficiency up-grades loan pilot program. 
S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure the continued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.022 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4842 July 8, 2015 
HIRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency po-sitions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Illinois 
(Mr. D URBIN ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1246 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1246, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-vise the definition of municipal solid waste for purposes of the renewable electricity production credit. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1300, a bill to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to provide relief for adop-tive families from immigrant visa feeds in certain situations. 
S. 1324 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1324, a bill to require the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to fulfill certain re-quirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, and for other purposes. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1383, a bill to amend the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection to the regular ap-propriations process, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1428, a bill to amend the USEC Privat-ization Act to require the Secretary of Energy to issue a long-term Federal ex-cess uranium inventory management plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1458 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. 
HELLER ), the Senator from Arkansas 
(Mr. C OTTON ) and the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1458, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977 to ensure sci-entific transparency in the develop-ment of environmental regulations and for other purposes. S. 1519 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1519, a bill to amend the Labor Manage-ment Relations Act, 1947 to address slowdowns, strikes, and lock-outs oc-curring at ports in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1526 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1526, a bill to amend title 10 and title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for construction and design services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements, to amend title 31 and 41, United States Code, to improve the payment protec-tions available to construction con-tractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for work performed, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1554 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1554, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study with respect to stormwater runoff from oil and gas op-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ), the Sen-
ator from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) and 
the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alco-holic beverages. 
S. 1567 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1567, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a review of the characterization or terms of discharge from the Armed Forces of individuals with mental health dis-orders alleged to affect terms of dis-charge. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAK-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1598, a bill to prevent discriminatory treatment of any person on the basis of views held with respect to marriage. 
S. 1603 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1603, a bill to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military serv-ice to serve as Customs and Border 
Protection Officers. 
S. 1632 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1632, a bill to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
S. 1660 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1660, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus depreciation. 
S. 1682 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1682, a bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 and to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the use by Iran of funds made available through sanctions relief. 
S. 1704 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1704, a bill to amend the Indian Tribal Justice Act to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 211 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 211, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding Srebrenica. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1744 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1744 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2096 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2096 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2109 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID), the Senator from Massachusetts 
(Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from Wash-
ington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) and the Senator 
from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2109 proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2110 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. G ARDNER ) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 2110 intended to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.023 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4843 July 8, 2015 
be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill 
to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2119 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Ari-
zona (Mr. F LAKE ) and the Senator from 
Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 2119 in-tended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B EN-
NET, and Ms. M IKULSKI ): 
S. 1719. A bill to provide for the es-
tablishment and maintenance of a Na-tional Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce legislation with my colleague from Wisconsin, Senator B
ALDWIN , to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to develop a national strategy to recognize and support the more than 40 million fam-ily caregivers in the United States. 
The U.S. population is aging. Accord-
ing to Census Bureau projections, 21 percent of our population will be 65 and older by 2040, up from just under 14 per-cent in 2012. 
Every day, 10,000 baby boomers turn 
65 years old, and as many as 90 percent of them have one or more chronic health conditions. Americans 85 and older—our oldest old—are the fastest growing segment of our population. This is the population that is most at risk of multiple and interacting health problems that can lead to disability and the need for round-the-clock care. 
At the very time that our population 
is aging and the need for care and sup-port is increasing, declining birthrates mean that the population of profes-sional and informal caregivers is shrinking. Today, there are seven po-tential caregivers for each person over 80 and at the highest risk of requiring long-term care. By 2030, there will be four, and by 2050, the number drops to fewer than three. As a consequence, in the future, more people will have to rely on fewer caregivers. 
Families will likely continue to be 
the most important source of support for people with long-term care needs. We must do more to support the 43 mil-lion family caregivers in the United States who, in 2009, provided an esti-mated $450 billion in uncompensated long-term care. This is an increase from $375 billion just 2 years earlier, and more than double the value of all 
paid long-term care. 
Family caregivers provide tremen-
dous value, but they also face many challenges. While the typical family caregiver is a 49-year old woman who takes care of an older relative, 34 per-cent of family caregivers are aged 65 or older. Nearly one in ten is 75 or older. Many of these caregivers are putting their own health at risk, since care-givers experience high levels of stress and have a greater incidence of chronic conditions like heart disease, cancer and depression. 
Most family caregivers are employed 
and struggle to balance their work and caregiving responsibilities. Nearly 
seven in ten caregivers report making sacrifices in the workplace because of their caregiving responsibilities. They face financial hardships if they must reduce their hours, change jobs, or leave the workforce entirely because of caregiving demands. Family caregivers age 50 and older who leave the work-force to care for a parent lose, on aver-age, nearly $304,000 in wages and bene-fits over their lifetime. 
I am therefore introducing legisla-
tion with my colleague from Wisconsin to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a national strategy to recognize and support fam-ily caregivers. Titled the Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage, or RAISE Family Caregivers Act, the legislation is based on a recommenda-tion of the bipartisan Commission on Long Term Care. It is modeled after a law that I co-authored in 2010 with then-Senator Evan Bayh that created a coordinated strategic national plan to combat Alzheimer’s disease. 
The RAISE Family Caregivers Act 
directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a National Family Caregiving Project to develop and sustain a national strategy to sup-port family caregivers. The bill would create a Family Caregiving Advisory Council composed of relevant Federal agencies and non-federal members. It would include representatives of family caregivers, older adults with long-term care needs, individuals with disabil-ities, employers, health and social service providers, advocates for family caregivers, state and local officials, and others with expertise in family caregiving. 
The Advisory Council would be 
charged with making recommendations to the Secretary. The strategy and plan would be updated annually to re-flect new developments. The plan would include an initial inventory and assessment of federally-funded care-giver efforts. It would then identify specific actions that government, com-munities, employers, providers, and others can take to support family care-givers. 
The Project would be funded from ex-
isting funding appropriated for the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. No new funding is authorized. 
Like the National Alzheimer’s Project Act, it would sunset in fifteen years. 
Family caregivers are an invaluable 
resource to our aging society. Chances are that, sooner or later, we will all ei-ther be family caregivers or someone who needs one. The RAISE Family Caregivers Act will launch a coordi-nated, national strategic plan that will help us to leverage our resources, pro-mote innovation and promising prac-tices, and provide our nation’s family caregivers with much-needed recogni-tion and support. Our bipartisan legis-lation has been endorsed by AARP. I urge all of our colleagues to join us as cosponsors. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
AARP, 
Washington, DC, July 8, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. T
AMMY BALDWIN , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATORS COLLINS AND BALDWIN : 
AARP is very pleased to endorse the Recog-nize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage (RAISE) Family Caregivers Act. Thank you for your efforts to work on a bipartisan basis to support family caregivers. Most of us are, have been, or will be a family caregiver or will need help to live independently. This is an ageless and nonpartisan issue. 
Family caregivers are the backbone of 
services and supports in this country. They help make it possible for older adults and people with disabilities to live independently in their homes and communities. There are about 40 million family caregivers currently caring for adults. In 2009, family caregivers provided an estimated $450 billion in unpaid care to adults who needed help with daily ac-tivities such as bathing, dressing, meal prep-aration, and transportation, more than total Medicaid spending that year. Our country re-lies on the contributions family caregivers 
make and should recognize and support them. Family caregivers take on physical, emotional, and financial challenges in their caregiving roles. 
The RAISE Family Caregivers Act would 
require the development of a national strat-egy to support family caregivers. The bill would create an advisory body to bring to-gether relevant federal agencies and others from the private and public sectors to advise and make recommendations. The strategy would identify specific actions that govern-ment, communities, providers, employers, and others can take to recognize and support family caregivers and be updated annually. 
By supporting family caregivers, we can 
help people stay at home where they want to be, helping to delay or prevent more costly nursing home care and unnecessary hos-pitalizations, and saving taxpayer dollars. We appreciate your bipartisan leadership and are committed to working with you to pass the RAISE Family Caregivers Act this year. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me, or have your staff contact Rhonda Richards on our Government Affairs staff at (202) 434–3770 or rrichards@aarp.org. 
Sincerely, 
J
OYCE A. R OGERS , 
Senior Vice President, 
Government Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.024 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4844 July 8, 2015 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 217—DESIG-
NATING OCTOBER 8, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL CELL DAY’’ 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 217 
Whereas hydrogen, which has an atomic 
mass of 1.008, is the most abundant chemical substance in the universe; 
Whereas the United States is a world lead-
er in the development and deployment of fuel cell and hydrogen technologies; 
Whereas hydrogen fuel cells played an in-
strumental role in the United States space program, helping the United States achieve the mission of landing a man on the moon; 
Whereas private industry, Federal and 
State governments, national laboratories, and universities continue to improve fuel cell and hydrogen technologies to address our most pressing energy, environmental, and economic issues; 
Whereas fuel cells utilizing hydrogen and 
hydrogen-rich fuels to generate electricity are clean, efficient, resilient technologies being sold for stationary and backup power, zero-emission light duty motor vehicles and buses, industrial vehicles, and portable power; 
Whereas stationary fuel cells are being 
placed in service for continuous and backup power to provide business and energy con-sumers with reliable power in the event of grid outages; 
Whereas stationary fuel cells can help re-
duce water use compared to traditional power generation technologies; 
Whereas fuel cell electric light duty motor 
vehicles and buses that utilize hydrogen can completely replicate the experience of inter-nal combustion vehicles including com-parable range and refueling times; 
Whereas hydrogen fuel cell industrial vehi-
cles are being deployed at logistical hubs and warehouses across the country and are also being exported to facilities in Europe and Asia; 
Whereas hydrogen is a non-toxic gas that 
can be derived from a variety of domesti-cally-available traditional and renewable re-sources, including solar, wind, biogas and the abundant supply of natural gas in the United States; 
Whereas hydrogen and fuel cells can store 
energy to help enhance the grid and maxi-mize opportunities to deploy renewable en-ergy; 
Whereas the United States currently pro-
duces and uses more than 11,000,000 metric tons of hydrogen per year; and 
Whereas engineers and safety code and 
standard professionals have developed con-sensus-based protocols for safe delivery, han-dling, and use of hydrogen: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate designates Octo-
ber 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 218—CON-
GRATULATING THE UNITED STATES WOMEN’S NATIONAL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2015 FIFA WORLD CUP 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. TOOMEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B ENNET , 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 218 
Whereas on July 5, 2015, in Vancouver, Can-
ada, the United States Women’s National Team won the FIFA Women’s World Cup; 
Whereas during the FIFA World Cup the 
United States Women’s National Team fin-ished first in its group before eliminating teams representing the Republic of Colom-bia, the People’s Republic of China, and the Federal Republic of Germany in the knock-out stages to reach the final; 
Whereas the United States secured a re-
sounding 5 to 2 victory over Japan in the highest scoring Women’s World Cup Final in history, which included the fastest hat trick in World Cup history by Carli Lloyd by the 16th minute of the game; 
Whereas the run of the United States 
Women’s National Team in the 2015 World Cup included a record-tying 540 consecutive minutes without conceding a goal; 
Whereas the United States Women’s Na-
tional Team became the first team to win the FIFA Women’s World Cup 3 times; 
Whereas all 23 players on the roster should 
be congratulated, including captains Christie Rampone and Abby Wambach, Golden Ball winner Carli Lloyd, Golden Glove winner Hope Solo, as well as Shannon Boxx, Morgan Brian, Lori Chalupny, Whitney Engen, Ashlyn Harris, Tobin Heath, Lauren Holiday, Julie Johnston, Meghan Klingenberg, Ali Krieger, Sydney Leroux, Alex Morgan, Alyssa Naeher, Kelley O’Hara, Heather O’Reilly, Christen Press, Megan Rapinoe, Amy Rodriguez, and Becky Sauerbrunn; 
Whereas head coach Jill Ellis displayed ex-
traordinary leadership, adjusting the team’s starting lineup as the FIFA Women’s World Cup progressed in order to promote team-work and capitalize on the talents of each player; and 
Whereas dedicated fans, including a group 
of supporters known as the American Out-laws, and citizens across the United States showed their unmitigated support for the United States Women’s National Team as the team competed in Canada, and can now celebrate because the United States women are world champions again: 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the United States Wom-
en’s National Team for winning the 2015 FIFA Women’s World Cup through teamwork and determination; 
(2) recognizes the achievements of all of 
the players, coaches, and staff who contrib-uted to the FIFA World Cup winning team; and 
(3) celebrates the contributions of the mil-
lions of fans across the Nation who cheered the United States Women’s National Team to victory, and made the players the best supported team in the world. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2122. Ms. STABENOW submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to en-sure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2123. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2124. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and 
Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra. 
SA 2125. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2126. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2127. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. 
RUBIO, and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2128. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
WARNER , and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2129. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2130. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2131. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I SAK-
SON, and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2132. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. C RUZ, 
Mr. L EE, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. V IT-
TER) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2133. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. C RUZ, 
Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2134. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. V ITTER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2135. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2136. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.021 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4845 July 8, 2015 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 2137. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2138. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2139. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra. 
SA 2140. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2141. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2142. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2143. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2144. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2145. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2146. Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. 
SESSIONS , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2147. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2148. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2149. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2150. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
CORNYN , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2151. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2152. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mrs. 
MURRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M UR-PHY, Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. U DALL , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and 
Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2153. Mr. REID (for Mr. K ING(for him-
self and Mrs. C APITO )) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2154. Mr. REID (for Mr. K ING(for him-
self and Mrs. C APITO )) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2155. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2156. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. 
DURBIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2157. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2158. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2159. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2160. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2161. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. R
EED, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2162. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2163. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2164. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2165. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2166. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2167. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2168. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2169. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2170. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2171. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2172. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2173. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2174. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. T ESTER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2175. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2176. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2177. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2122. Ms. STABENOW submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 1020 ll. EARLY PELL PROMISE ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Early Pell Promise Act’’. 
(b) E ARLY FEDERAL PELLGRANT COMMIT -
MENT PROGRAM .—Subpart 1 of part A of title 
IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.030 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4846 July 8, 2015 
U.S.C. 1070a et seq.) is amended by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 401B. EARLY FEDERAL PELL GRANT COM-
MITMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
is authorized to carry out an Early Federal Pell Grant Commitment Program (referred to in this section as the ‘Program’) under which the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) award grants to State educational 
agencies to pay the administrative expenses incurred in participating in the Program; and 
‘‘(2) make a commitment to award Federal 
Pell Grants to eligible students in accord-ance with this section. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—The Pro-
gram shall meet the following requirements: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE STUDENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A student shall be eligi-
ble to receive a commitment from the Sec-retary to receive a Federal Pell Grant early in the student’s academic career if the stu-dent— 
‘‘(i) is in 8th grade; and ‘‘(ii) is eligible for a free or reduced price 
lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PELL GRANT COMMITMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), each eligible student who participates in the Program shall receive a commitment from the Secretary to receive a Federal Pell Grant during the first 2 aca-
demic years that the student is in attend-ance at an institution of higher education as an undergraduate student, if the student— 
‘‘(i) applies for Federal financial aid (via 
the FAFSA) during the student’s senior year of secondary school and during the suc-ceeding academic year; and 
‘‘(ii) enrolls at such institution of higher 
education— 
‘‘(I) not later than 3 years after such stu-
dent receives a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent; or 
‘‘(II) if such student becomes a member of 
the Armed Forces, not later than 3 years after such student is discharged, separated, or released from the Armed Forces. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION TO COMMITMENT .—If an eli-
gible student receives a commitment from the Secretary to receive a Federal Pell Grant during the first 2 academic years that the student is in attendance at an institution of higher education as an undergraduate stu-dent and the student applies for Federal fi-nancial aid (via the FAFSA) during the stu-dent’s senior year of secondary school or during the succeeding academic year, and the expected family contribution of the stu-dent for either of such years is more than 2 times the threshold amount for Federal Pell Grant eligibility for such year, then such student shall not receive a Federal Pell Grant under this section for the succeeding academic year. Such student shall continue to be eligible for any other Federal student financial aid for which the student is other-wise eligible. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL PELL GRANT  
REQUIREMENTS .—The requirements of section 
401 shall apply to Federal Pell Grants award-ed pursuant to this section, except that with respect to each eligible student who partici-pates in the Program and is not subject the exception under paragraph (2)(B), the amount of each such eligible student’s Fed-eral Pell Grant only shall be calculated by deeming such student to have an expected family contribution equal to zero. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring to participate in the Pro-gram shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application shall in-
clude— 
‘‘(A) a description of the proposed targeted 
information campaign for the Program and a copy of the plan described in subsection (e)(2); 
‘‘(B) an assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will fully cooperate with the ongoing evaluation of the Program; and 
‘‘(C) such other information as the Sec-
retary may require. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts appro-
priated under subsection (f) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve not more than $1,000,000 to award a grant or contract to an organization outside the Department for an independent evaluation of the impact of the Program. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE BASIS .—The grant or con-
tract shall be awarded on a competitive basis. 
‘‘(3) M
ATTERS EVALUATED .—The evaluation 
described in this subsection shall consider metrics established by the Secretary that emphasize college access and success, en-couraging low-income students to pursue higher education, and the cost effectiveness of the program. 
‘‘(4) D
ISSEMINATION .—The findings of the 
evaluation shall be widely disseminated to the public by the organization conducting the evaluation as well as by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) T
ARGETED INFORMATION CAMPAIGN .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section shall, in cooperation with the participating local educational agencies within the State and the Secretary, develop a targeted infor-mation campaign for the Program. 
‘‘(2) P
LAN.—Each State educational agency 
receiving a grant under this section shall in-clude in the application submitted under subsection (c) a written plan for their pro-posed targeted information campaign. The plan shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) O
UTREACH .—Outreach to students and 
their families, at a minimum, at the begin-ning and end of each academic year. 
‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION .—How the State edu-
cational agency plans to provide the out-reach described in subparagraph (A) and to provide the information described in sub-paragraph (C). 
‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION .—The annual provision 
by the State educational agency to all stu-dents and families participating in the Pro-gram of information regarding— 
‘‘(i) the estimated statewide average high-
er education institution cost data for each academic year, which cost data shall be disaggregated by— 
‘‘(I) type of institution, including— ‘‘(aa) 2-year public colleges; ‘‘(bb) 4-year public colleges; ‘‘(cc) 4-year private colleges; and ‘‘(dd) private, for-profit colleges; ‘‘(II) component, including— ‘‘(aa) tuition and fees; and ‘‘(bb) room and board; ‘‘(ii) Federal Pell Grants, including— ‘‘(I) the maximum Federal Pell Grant for 
each academic year; 
‘‘(II) when and how to apply for a Federal 
Pell Grant; and 
‘‘(III) what the application process for a 
Federal Pell Grant requires; 
‘‘(iii) State-specific college savings pro-
grams; 
‘‘(iv) State-based financial aid, including 
State-based merit aid; and 
‘‘(v) Federal financial aid available to stu-
dents, including eligibility criteria for the Federal financial aid and an explanation of the Federal financial aid programs. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL INFORMATION .—The informa-
tion described in paragraph (2)(C) shall be provided to eligible students annually for the duration of the students’ participation in the 
Program. 
‘‘(4) R
ESERVATION .—Each State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section shall reserve $200,000 of the grant funds re-ceived each fiscal year to carry out the tar-geted information campaign described in this subsection. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary.’’. 
SA 2123. Mr. UDALL (for himself and 
Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 9102, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . RESERVATIONS FOR BUREAU OF IN-
DIAN EDUCATION. 
Part A of title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9104. RESERVATIONS FOR BUREAU OF IN-
DIAN EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) BIE R ESERVATIONS FOR FORMULA - 
BASED EDUCATION PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that any formula-based education pro-gram provides a reservation, in the amount described in paragraph (2), for the Bureau of Indian Education to be used in accordance with paragraph (3) on behalf of the schools or programs, as applicable, operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF RESERVATION .— 
‘‘(A) I NCREASING BIE RESERVATIONS OF LESS  
THAN 0 .5 PERCENT .—In the case of a formula- 
based education program that requires by law (including any regulation) reservation of program funds for the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation in an amount less than 0.5 percent of the total amount available to carry out the formula-based education program for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall increase the amount of such reservation to 0.5 percent of such total amount for such year. 
‘‘(B) M
AINTAINING BIE RESERVATIONS EQUAL  
TO OR GREATER THAN 0 .5 PERCENT .—In the case 
of a formula-based education program that requires by law (including any regulation) a reservation of program funds for the Bureau of Indian Education in an amount equal to or greater than 0.5 percent of the total amount available to carry out the formula-based education program for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall reserve the amount of funds re-quired by such law for the Bureau for such year. 
‘‘(C) E
STABLISHING BIE RESERVATIONS FOR  
OTHER FORMULA -BASED EDUCATION PRO -
GRAMS .—In the case of a formula-based edu-
cation program for which no funds are pro-vided or reserved by law (including any regu-lation) by the Secretary for the Bureau of In-dian Education or for schools operated or funded by the Bureau, the Secretary shall re-serve 0.5 percent of the total amount avail-able to carry out the formula-based edu-cation program for the Bureau of Indian Education. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF RESERVED FUNDS .—The Bureau 
of Indian Education shall use any funds re-served under a formula-based education pro-gram for the purposes and uses provided under such program. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR COMPETITIVE EDU-
CATION PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—With respect to any com-
petitive education program, the Secretary shall deem the Bureau of Indian Education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.032 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4847 July 8, 2015 
to be a State or State educational agency, as 
applicable, for purposes of applying for and receiving a grant, contract, or other assist-ance under the program, and shall allow the Bureau to use funds provided under the com-petitive education program to carry out the purposes and activities and services provided by the program for the schools or programs, as applicable, operated or funded by the Bu-reau. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—For each com-
petitive education program, the Secretary may reserve not more than 0.5 percent of the total amount appropriated for the program for a fiscal year for technical assistance or capacity-building to assist the Bureau of In-dian Education, and schools or programs op-erated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education, in building the capacity and ex-pertise needed to compete and qualify for as-sistance under the program. 
‘‘(3) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI -
SIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, the Bureau of Indian Education, when applying for or receiving a grant, contract, or assistance under a competitive education program, shall not be subject to any provi-sion of the program that requires grant re-cipients to contribute funds toward the costs of the grant program. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) F ORMULA -BASED EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘formula-based education program’ means any program administered by the Sec-retary under this Act that— 
‘‘(A) awards grants, contracts, or other as-
sistance relating to early childhood, elemen-tary, or secondary education to States or State educational agencies; and 
‘‘(B) allocates the program funds by statu-
tory or regulatory formula. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘competitive education program’ means any program administered by the Sec-retary under this Act that— 
‘‘(A) awards grants, contracts, or other as-
sistance relating to early childhood, elemen-tary, or secondary education to States or State educational agencies on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) does not contain any type of reserva-
tion of funds for the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation or the schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. 
‘‘(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—In the 
event of a conflict between this section and any law regarding a formula-based education program or competitive education program, this section shall control.’’. 
SA 2124. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. 
BALDWIN , and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
On page 82, between lines 23 and 24, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xviii) In the case of each coeducational 
school in the State that receives assistance under this part— 
‘‘(I) a listing of the school’s interscholastic 
sports teams that participated in athletic competition; 
‘‘(II) for each such team— ‘‘(aa) the total number of male and female 
participants, disaggregated by gender and race; 
‘‘(bb) the season in which the team com-
peted, whether the team participated in postseason competition, and the total num-ber of competitive events scheduled; ‘‘(cc) the total expenditures from all 
sources, including expenditures for travel, uniforms, facilities, and publicity for com-petitions; and 
‘‘(dd) the total number of coaches, train-
ers, and medical personnel, and for each such individual an identification of such individ-ual’s employment status, and duties other than providing coaching, training, or med-ical services; and 
‘‘(III) the average annual salary of the 
head coaches of boys’ interscholastic sports teams, across all offered sports, and the av-erage annual salary of the head coaches of girls’ interscholastic sports teams, across all offered sports. 
SA 2125. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, strike lines 16 and 17 and insert 
the following: dents; 
(N) how the State educational agency will 
support multiple postsecondary and career pathways aligned with workforce and eco-nomic needs of the State; and 
(O) any other information on how the 
SA 2126. Mr. COONS (for himself and 
Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
PART C—AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNTS 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Dream Accounts Act’’. 
SEC. 10302. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Only 9.8 out of every 100 individuals 
from low-income families will graduate from an institution of higher education before reaching the age of 24. 
(2) Lack of knowledge about how to apply 
to, and pay for, an institution of higher edu-cation is a barrier for many low-income stu-dents and students who would be in the first generation in their families to attend an in-stitution of higher education. 
(3) According to Public Agenda, most 
young adults give secondary school coun-selors fair or poor ratings for advice about attending an institution of higher education, including advice about how to decide what institution of higher education to attend, how to pay for higher education, what ca-reers to pursue, and how to apply to an insti-tution of higher education. 
(4) More than 1,700,000 students fail to file 
the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), and about one-third of such stu-dents would qualify for a Federal Pell Grant. 
(5) During the last 2 decades, costs of at-
tending institutions of higher education have increased dramatically, but need-based financial aid has not kept pace with such in-creasing costs. 
(6) In the 1990–1991 school year, the max-
imum Federal Pell Grant covered 45 percent of the average cost of attendance at a public 4-year institution of higher education (in-cluding tuition, fees, room, and board), but 
in the 2010–2011 school year, the maximum Federal Pell Grant covered only 34 percent of such cost. 
(7) Parental and youth college savings are 
strong predictors of a youth’s expectations about attendance at an institution of higher education. 
(8) Only 32 percent of parents who earn less 
than $35,000 a year are saving for their child’s education at an institution of higher education. 
(9) According to the Center for Social De-
velopment, ‘‘wilt’’ occurs when a young per-son who expects to graduate from a 4-year institution of higher education has not yet attended such institution by the ages of 19 to 22. 
(10) Children who have savings dedicated 
for attendance at an institution of higher education are 4 times more likely to attend a 4-year institution of higher education and avoid ‘‘wilt’’. 
SEC. 10303. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) A
MERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘American Dream Account’’ means a per-sonal online account for low-income students that monitors higher education readiness and includes a college savings account. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, as well as any other Committee of the Senate or House of Rep-resentatives that the Secretary determines appropriate. 
(3) C
HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘charter 
school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5110 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7221i). 
(4) C
OLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘college savings account’’ means a trust cre-ated or organized exclusively for the purpose of paying the qualified expenses of only an individual who, when the trust is created or organized, has not obtained 18 years of age, if the written governing instrument creating the trust contains the following require-ments: 
(A) The trustee is a Federally insured fi-
nancial institution, or a State insured finan-cial institution if a Federally insured finan-cial institution is not available. 
(B) The assets of the trust will be invested 
in accordance with the direction of the indi-vidual or of a parent or guardian of the indi-vidual, after consultation with the entity providing the initial contribution to the trust or, if applicable, a matching or other 
contribution for the individual. 
(C) The assets of the trust will not be com-
mingled with other property except in a common trust fund or common investment fund. 
(D) Any amount in the trust that is attrib-
utable to an account seed or matched deposit may be paid or distributed from the trust only for the purpose of paying qualified ex-penses of the individual. 
(5) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘dual or concurrent enroll-
ment program’’ means a program of study— 
(A) provided by an institution of higher 
education through which a student who has not graduated from high school with a reg-ular high school diploma (as defined in sec-tion 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as such section was in ef-fect on November 28, 2008) is able to earn postsecondary credit; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.033 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4848 July 8, 2015 
(B) that shall consist of not less than 2 
postsecondary credit-bearing courses and support and academic services that help a student persist and complete such courses. 
(6) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘‘early college high school pro-gram’’ means a formal partnership between at least 1 local educational agency and at least 1 institution of higher education that allows participants, who are primarily low- income students, to simultaneously com-plete requirements toward earning a regular high school diploma (as defined in section 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section was in effect on November 28, 2008) and earn not less than 12 transferable credits as part of an organized course of study toward a postsecondary de-gree or credential. 
(7) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) a State educational agency; (B) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school that operates as its own local educational agency; 
(C) a charter management organization or 
charter school authorizer; 
(D) an institution of higher education or a 
Tribal College or University; 
(E) a nonprofit organization; (F) an entity with demonstrated experi-
ence in educational savings or in assisting low-income students to prepare for, and at-tend, an institution of higher education; 
(G) a consortium of 2 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F); or 
(H) a consortium of 1 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) and a public school, a charter school, a school operated by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, or a tribally controlled school. 
(8) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(9) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(10) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘‘low- 
income student’’ means a student who is eli-gible to receive a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
(11) P
ARENT .—The term ‘‘parent’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(12) Q
UALIFIED EXPENSES .—The term 
‘‘qualified expenses’’ means, with respect to an individual, expenses that— 
(A) are incurred after the individual re-
ceives a secondary school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent; and 
(B) are associated with attending an insti-
tution of higher education, including— 
(i) tuition and fees; (ii) room and board; (iii) textbooks; (iv) supplies and equipment; and (v) Internet access. (13) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(14) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(15) T
RIBAL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY .—The 
term ‘‘Tribal College or University’’ has the meaning given such term in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)). 
(16) T
RIBALLY CONTROLLED SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘‘tribally controlled school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5212 of 
the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511). 
SEC. 10304. GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
is authorized to award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to enable such eligible entities to establish and administer American Dream Accounts for a group of low-income students. 
(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts ap-
propriated each fiscal year to carry out this part, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 5 percent of such amount to carry out the evaluation activities described in section 10307. 
(c) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under this 
part shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. The Secretary may extend such grant for an additional 2-year period if the Sec-retary determines that the eligible entity has demonstrated significant progress, based on the factors described in section 10305(b)(11). 
SEC. 10305. APPLICATIONS; PRIORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—At a minimum, the applica-
tion described in subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the characteristics of a 
group of not less than 30 low-income public school students who— 
(A) are, at the time of the application, at-
tending a grade not higher than grade 9; and 
(B) will, under the grant, receive an Amer-
ican Dream Account. 
(2) A description of how the eligible entity 
will engage, and provide support (such as tu-toring and mentoring for students, and training for teachers and other stakeholders) either online or in person, to— 
(A) the students in the group described in 
paragraph (1); 
(B) the family members and teachers of 
such students; and 
(C) other stakeholders such as school ad-
ministrators and school counselors. 
(3) An identification of partners who will 
assist the eligible entity in establishing and sustaining American Dream Accounts. 
(4) A description of what experience the el-
igible entity or the partners of the eligible entity have in managing college savings ac-counts, preparing low-income students for postsecondary education, managing online systems, and teaching financial literacy. 
(5) A demonstration that the eligible enti-
ty has sufficient resources to provide an ini-tial deposit into the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account. 
(6) A description of how the eligible entity 
will help increase the value of the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account, such as by providing match-ing funds or incentives for academic achieve-ment. 
(7) A description of how the eligible entity 
will notify each participating student in the group described in paragraph (1), on a semi-annual basis, of the current balance and sta-tus of the college savings account portion of the American Dream Account of the student. 
(8) A plan that describes how the eligible 
entity will monitor participating students in the group described in paragraph (1) to en-sure that the American Dream Account of each student will be maintained if a student in such group changes schools before grad-uating from secondary school. 
(9) A plan that describes how the American 
Dream Accounts will be managed for not less than 1 year after a majority of the students in the group described in paragraph (1) grad-uate from secondary school. (10) A description of how the eligible entity 
will encourage students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) who fail to graduate from secondary school to continue their edu-cation. 
(11) A description of how the eligible entity 
will evaluate the grant program, including by collecting, as applicable, the following data about the students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) during the grant pe-riod, or until the time of graduation from a secondary school, whichever comes first, and, if sufficient grant funds are available, after the grant period: 
(A) Attendance rates. (B) Progress reports. (C) Grades and course selections. (D) The student graduation rate, as defined 
as the percentage of students who graduate from secondary school with a regular di-ploma in the standard number of years. 
(E) Rates of student completion of the Free 
Application for Federal Student Aid de-scribed in section 483 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
(F) Rates of enrollment in an institution of 
higher education. 
(G) Rates of completion at an institution 
of higher education. 
(12) A description of what will happen to 
the funds in the college savings account por-tion of the American Dream Accounts that are dedicated to participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) who have not ma-triculated at an institution of higher edu-cation at the time of the conclusion of the period of American Dream Account manage-ment described in paragraph (9), including how the eligible entity will give students this information. 
(13) A description of how the eligible entity 
will ensure that participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) will have access to the Internet. 
(14) A description of how the eligible entity 
will take into consideration how funds in the college savings account portion of American Dream Accounts will affect participating families’ eligibility for public assistance. 
(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part, the Secretary shall give priority to applications from eligible entities that— 
(1) are described in subparagraph (G) or (H) 
of section 10303(7); 
(2) serve the largest number of low-income 
students; 
(3) in the case of an eligible entity de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 10303(7), provide opportunities for partici-pating students described in subsection (b)(1) to participate in a dual or concurrent enroll-ment program or early college high school program at no cost to the student or the stu-dent’s family; or 
(4) as of the time of application, have been 
awarded a grant under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a–21 et seq.) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘GEAR UP pro-gram’’). 
SEC. 10306. AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this part shall use such grant funds to establish an American Dream Account for each participating student de-scribed in section 10305(b)(1), that will be used to— 
(1) open a college savings account for such 
student; 
(2) monitor the progress of such student 
online, which— 
(A) shall include monitoring student data 
relating to— 
(i) grades and course selections; (ii) progress reports; and (iii) attendance and disciplinary records; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.038 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4849 July 8, 2015 
(B) may also include monitoring student 
data relating to a broad range of informa-tion, provided by teachers and family mem-bers, related to postsecondary education readiness, access, and completion; 
(3) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about fi-nancial literacy, including by— 
(A) assisting such students in financial 
planning for enrollment in an institution of higher education; 
(B) assisting such students in identifying 
and applying for financial aid (such as loans, grants, and scholarships) for an institution of higher education; and 
(C) enhancing student understanding of 
consumer, economic, and personal finance concepts; 
(4) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about preparing for enrollment in an institution of higher education, including by providing in-struction to students about— 
(A) choosing the appropriate courses to 
prepare for postsecondary education; 
(B) applying to an institution of higher 
education; 
(C) building a student portfolio, which may 
be used when applying to an institution of higher education; 
(D) selecting an institution of higher edu-
cation; 
(E) choosing a major for the student’s post-
secondary program of education or a career path; and 
(F) adapting to life at an institution of 
higher education; and 
(5) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to identify skills or interests, including career interests. 
(b) A
CCESS TO AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (3) 
and (4), and in accordance with applicable Federal laws and regulations relating to pri-vacy of information and the privacy of chil-dren, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall allow vested stake-holders, as described in paragraph (2), to have secure access, through an Internet website, to an American Dream Account. 
(2) V
ESTED STAKEHOLDERS .—The vested 
stakeholders that an eligible entity shall permit to access an American Dream Ac-count are individuals (such as the student’s teachers, school counselors, school adminis-trators, or other individuals) that are des-ignated, in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’), by the parent of a participating student in whose name such American Dream Account is held, as having permission to access the account. A student’s parent may withdraw such designation from an individual at any time. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR COLLEGE SAVINGS AC -
COUNT .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not be required to give vested stakeholders, as described in paragraph (2), access to the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
(4) A
DULT STUDENTS .—Notwithstanding 
paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), if a participating student is age 18 or older, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall not provide access to such participating stu-dent’s American Dream Account without the student’s consent, in accordance with sec-tion 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’). 
(5) I
NPUT OF STUDENT INFORMATION .—Stu-
dent data collected pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be entered into an American Dream Account only by a school adminis-
trator or the designee of such administrator. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF STUDENT INFOR -
MATION .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not use any stu-dent-level information or data for the pur-pose of soliciting, advertising, or marketing any financial or non-financial consumer product or service that is offered by such eli-gible entity, or on behalf of any other per-son. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON THE USE OF GRANT  
FUNDS .—An eligible entity shall not use 
grant funds provided under this part to pro-vide any deposits into a college savings ac-count portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
SEC. 10307. REPORTS AND EVALUATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the Secretary has disbursed grants under this part, and annually thereafter until each grant disbursed under this part has ended, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, which shall include an eval-uation of the effectiveness of the grant pro-gram established under this part. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall— 
(1) list the grants that have been awarded 
under section 10304(a); 
(2) include the number of students who 
have an American Dream Account estab-lished through a grant awarded under sec-tion 10304(a); 
(3) provide data (including the interest ac-
crued on college savings accounts that are part of an American Dream Account) in the aggregate, regarding students who have an American Dream Account established through a grant awarded under section 10304(a), as compared to similarly situated students who do not have an American Dream Account; 
(4) identify best practices developed by the 
eligible entities receiving grants under this part; 
(5) identify any issues related to student 
privacy and stakeholder accessibility to American Dream Accounts; 
(6) provide feedback from participating 
students and the parents of such students about the grant program, including— 
(A) the impact of the program; (B) aspects of the program that are suc-
cessful; 
(C) aspects of the program that are not 
successful; and 
(D) any other data required by the Sec-
retary; and 
(7) provide recommendations for expanding 
the American Dream Accounts program. 
SEC. 10308. ELIGIBILITY TO RECEIVE FEDERAL 
STUDENT FINANCIAL AID. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any funds that are in the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account shall not affect such stu-dent’s eligibility to receive Federal student financial aid, including any Federal student financial aid under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), and shall not be considered in determining the amount of any such Federal student aid. 
SEC. 10309. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years. 
SA 2127. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. 
RUBIO, and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-thorize the Elementary and Secondary 
Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
PART C—AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNTS 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Dream Accounts Act’’. 
SEC. 10302. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Only 9.8 out of every 100 individuals 
from low-income families will graduate from an institution of higher education before reaching the age of 24. 
(2) Lack of knowledge about how to apply 
to, and pay for, an institution of higher edu-cation is a barrier for many low-income stu-dents and students who would be in the first generation in their families to attend an in-stitution of higher education. 
(3) According to Public Agenda, most 
young adults give secondary school coun-selors fair or poor ratings for advice about attending an institution of higher education, including advice about how to decide what institution of higher education to attend, how to pay for higher education, what ca-reers to pursue, and how to apply to an insti-tution of higher education. 
(4) More than 1,700,000 students fail to file 
the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), and about one-third of such stu-dents would qualify for a Federal Pell Grant. 
(5) During the last 2 decades, costs of at-
tending institutions of higher education have increased dramatically, but need-based financial aid has not kept pace with such in-creasing costs. 
(6) In the 1990–1991 school year, the max-
imum Federal Pell Grant covered 45 percent of the average cost of attendance at a public 4-year institution of higher education (in-cluding tuition, fees, room, and board), but in the 2010–2011 school year, the maximum Federal Pell Grant covered only 34 percent of such cost. 
(7) Parental and youth college savings are 
strong predictors of a youth’s expectations about attendance at an institution of higher education. 
(8) Only 32 percent of parents who earn less 
than $35,000 a year are saving for their child’s education at an institution of higher education. 
(9) According to the Center for Social De-
velopment, ‘‘wilt’’ occurs when a young per-son who expects to graduate from a 4-year institution of higher education has not yet attended such institution by the ages of 19 to 22. 
(10) Children who have savings dedicated 
for attendance at an institution of higher education are 4 times more likely to attend a 4-year institution of higher education and avoid ‘‘wilt’’. 
SEC. 10303. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) A
MERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘American Dream Account’’ means a per-sonal online account for low-income students that monitors higher education readiness and includes a college savings account. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, as well as any other Committee of the Senate or House of Rep-resentatives that the Secretary determines appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.038 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4850 July 8, 2015 
(3) C HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘charter 
school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5110 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7221i). 
(4) C
OLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘college savings account’’ means a trust cre-ated or organized exclusively for the purpose of paying the qualified expenses of only an individual who, when the trust is created or organized, has not obtained 18 years of age, if the written governing instrument creating the trust contains the following require-ments: 
(A) The trustee is a Federally insured fi-
nancial institution, or a State insured finan-cial institution if a Federally insured finan-cial institution is not available. 
(B) The assets of the trust will be invested 
in accordance with the direction of the indi-vidual or of a parent or guardian of the indi-
vidual, after consultation with the entity providing the initial contribution to the trust or, if applicable, a matching or other contribution for the individual. 
(C) The assets of the trust will not be com-
mingled with other property except in a common trust fund or common investment fund. 
(D) Any amount in the trust that is attrib-
utable to an account seed or matched deposit may be paid or distributed from the trust only for the purpose of paying qualified ex-penses of the individual. 
(5) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘dual or concurrent enroll-
ment program’’ means a program of study— 
(A) provided by an institution of higher 
education through which a student who has not graduated from high school with a reg-ular high school diploma (as defined in sec-tion 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as such section was in ef-fect on November 28, 2008) is able to earn postsecondary credit; and 
(B) that shall consist of not less than 2 
postsecondary credit-bearing courses and support and academic services that help a student persist and complete such courses. 
(6) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘‘early college high school pro-gram’’ means a formal partnership between at least 1 local educational agency and at least 1 institution of higher education that allows participants, who are primarily low- income students, to simultaneously com-plete requirements toward earning a regular high school diploma (as defined in section 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section was in effect on November 28, 2008) and earn not less than 12 transferable credits as part of an organized course of study toward a postsecondary de-gree or credential. 
(7) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) a State educational agency; (B) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school that operates as its own local educational agency; 
(C) a charter management organization or 
charter school authorizer; 
(D) an institution of higher education or a 
Tribal College or University; 
(E) a nonprofit organization; (F) an entity with demonstrated experi-
ence in educational savings or in assisting low-income students to prepare for, and at-tend, an institution of higher education; 
(G) a consortium of 2 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F); or 
(H) a consortium of 1 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) and a public school, a charter school, a school operated by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, or a tribally controlled school. (8) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(9) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(10) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘‘low- 
income student’’ means a student who is eli-gible to receive a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
(11) P
ARENT .—The term ‘‘parent’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(12) Q
UALIFIED EXPENSES .—The term 
‘‘qualified expenses’’ means, with respect to an individual, expenses that— 
(A) are incurred after the individual re-
ceives a secondary school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent; and 
(B) are associated with attending an insti-
tution of higher education, including— 
(i) tuition and fees; (ii) room and board; (iii) textbooks; (iv) supplies and equipment; and (v) Internet access. (13) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(14) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(15) T
RIBAL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY .—The 
term ‘‘Tribal College or University’’ has the meaning given such term in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)). 
(16) T
RIBALLY CONTROLLED SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘‘tribally controlled school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511). 
SEC. 10304. GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
shall establish a pilot program and award 10 grants to eligible entities to enable such eli-gible entities to establish and administer American Dream Accounts for a group of low-income students. 
(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts ap-
propriated each fiscal year to carry out this part, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 5 percent of such amount to carry out the evaluation activities described in section 10307. 
(c) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under this 
part shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. The Secretary may extend such grant for an additional 2-year period if the Sec-retary determines that the eligible entity has demonstrated significant progress, based on the factors described in section 10305(b)(11). 
SEC. 10305. APPLICATIONS; PRIORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—At a minimum, the applica-
tion described in subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the characteristics of a 
group of not less than 30 low-income public school students who— 
(A) are, at the time of the application, at-
tending a grade not higher than grade 9; and 
(B) will, under the grant, receive an Amer-
ican Dream Account. 
(2) A description of how the eligible entity 
will engage, and provide support (such as tu-toring and mentoring for students, and 
training for teachers and other stakeholders) either online or in person, to— 
(A) the students in the group described in 
paragraph (1); 
(B) the family members and teachers of 
such students; and 
(C) other stakeholders such as school ad-
ministrators and school counselors. 
(3) An identification of partners who will 
assist the eligible entity in establishing and sustaining American Dream Accounts. 
(4) A description of what experience the el-
igible entity or the partners of the eligible entity have in managing college savings ac-counts, preparing low-income students for 
postsecondary education, managing online systems, and teaching financial literacy. 
(5) A demonstration that the eligible enti-
ty has sufficient resources to provide an ini-tial deposit into the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account. 
(6) A description of how the eligible entity 
will help increase the value of the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account, such as by providing match-ing funds or incentives for academic achieve-ment. 
(7) A description of how the eligible entity 
will notify each participating student in the group described in paragraph (1), on a semi-annual basis, of the current balance and sta-tus of the college savings account portion of the American Dream Account of the student. 
(8) A plan that describes how the eligible 
entity will monitor participating students in the group described in paragraph (1) to en-sure that the American Dream Account of each student will be maintained if a student in such group changes schools before grad-uating from secondary school. 
(9) A plan that describes how the American 
Dream Accounts will be managed for not less than 1 year after a majority of the students in the group described in paragraph (1) grad-uate from secondary school. 
(10) A description of how the eligible entity 
will encourage students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) who fail to graduate from secondary school to continue their edu-cation. 
(11) A description of how the eligible entity 
will evaluate the grant program, including by collecting, as applicable, the following data about the students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) during the grant pe-riod, or until the time of graduation from a secondary school, whichever comes first, and, if sufficient grant funds are available, after the grant period: 
(A) Attendance rates. (B) Progress reports. (C) Grades and course selections. (D) The student graduation rate, as defined 
as the percentage of students who graduate from secondary school with a regular di-ploma in the standard number of years. 
(E) Rates of student completion of the Free 
Application for Federal Student Aid de-scribed in section 483 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
(F) Rates of enrollment in an institution of 
higher education. 
(G) Rates of completion at an institution 
of higher education. 
(12) A description of what will happen to 
the funds in the college savings account por-tion of the American Dream Accounts that are dedicated to participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) who have not ma-triculated at an institution of higher edu-cation at the time of the conclusion of the period of American Dream Account manage-ment described in paragraph (9), including how the eligible entity will give students this information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.034 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4851 July 8, 2015 
(13) A description of how the eligible entity 
will ensure that participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) will have access to the Internet. 
(14) A description of how the eligible entity 
will take into consideration how funds in the college savings account portion of American Dream Accounts will affect participating families’ eligibility for public assistance. 
(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part, the Secretary shall give priority to applications from eligible entities that— 
(1) are described in subparagraph (G) or (H) 
of section 10303(7); 
(2) serve the largest number of low-income 
students; 
(3) in the case of an eligible entity de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 10303(7), provide opportunities for partici-pating students described in subsection (b)(1) to participate in a dual or concurrent enroll-ment program or early college high school program at no cost to the student or the stu-dent’s family; or 
(4) as of the time of application, have been 
awarded a grant under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a–21 et seq.) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘GEAR UP pro-gram’’). 
SEC. 10306. AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this part shall use such grant funds to establish an American Dream Account for each participating student de-scribed in section 10305(b)(1), that will be used to— 
(1) open a college savings account for such 
student; 
(2) monitor the progress of such student 
online, which— 
(A) shall include monitoring student data 
relating to— 
(i) grades and course selections; (ii) progress reports; and (iii) attendance and disciplinary records; 
and 
(B) may also include monitoring student 
data relating to a broad range of informa-tion, provided by teachers and family mem-bers, related to postsecondary education readiness, access, and completion; 
(3) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about fi-nancial literacy, including by— 
(A) assisting such students in financial 
planning for enrollment in an institution of higher education; 
(B) assisting such students in identifying 
and applying for financial aid (such as loans, grants, and scholarships) for an institution of higher education; and 
(C) enhancing student understanding of 
consumer, economic, and personal finance concepts; 
(4) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about preparing for enrollment in an institution of higher education, including by providing in-struction to students about— 
(A) choosing the appropriate courses to 
prepare for postsecondary education; 
(B) applying to an institution of higher 
education; 
(C) building a student portfolio, which may 
be used when applying to an institution of higher education; 
(D) selecting an institution of higher edu-
cation; 
(E) choosing a major for the student’s post-
secondary program of education or a career path; and 
(F) adapting to life at an institution of 
higher education; and 
(5) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to identify skills or interests, including career interests. (b) A
CCESS TO AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (3) 
and (4), and in accordance with applicable Federal laws and regulations relating to pri-vacy of information and the privacy of chil-dren, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall allow vested stake-holders, as described in paragraph (2), to have secure access, through an Internet website, to an American Dream Account. 
(2) V
ESTED STAKEHOLDERS .—The vested 
stakeholders that an eligible entity shall permit to access an American Dream Ac-count are individuals (such as the student’s teachers, school counselors, school adminis-trators, or other individuals) that are des-ignated, in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’), by the parent of a participating student in whose name such American Dream Account is held, as having permission to access the account. A student’s parent may withdraw such designation from an individual at any time. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR COLLEGE SAVINGS AC -
COUNT .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not be required to give vested stakeholders, as described in paragraph (2), access to the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
(4) A
DULT STUDENTS .—Notwithstanding 
paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), if a participating student is age 18 or older, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall not provide access to such participating stu-dent’s American Dream Account without the student’s consent, in accordance with sec-tion 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’). 
(5) I
NPUT OF STUDENT INFORMATION .—Stu-
dent data collected pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be entered into an American Dream Account only by a school adminis-trator or the designee of such administrator. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF STUDENT INFOR -
MATION .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not use any stu-dent-level information or data for the pur-pose of soliciting, advertising, or marketing any financial or non-financial consumer product or service that is offered by such eli-gible entity, or on behalf of any other per-son. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON THE USE OF GRANT  
FUNDS .—An eligible entity shall not use 
grant funds provided under this part to pro-vide any initial deposits into a college sav-ings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
SEC. 10307. REPORTS AND EVALUATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the Secretary has disbursed grants under this part, and annually thereafter until each grant disbursed under this part has ended, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, which shall include an eval-uation of the effectiveness of the grant pro-gram established under this part. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall— 
(1) list the grants that have been awarded 
under section 10304(a); 
(2) include the number of students who 
have an American Dream Account estab-lished through a grant awarded under sec-tion 10304(a); 
(3) provide data (including the interest ac-
crued on college savings accounts that are part of an American Dream Account) in the aggregate, regarding students who have an American Dream Account established through a grant awarded under section 
10304(a), as compared to similarly situated students who do not have an American Dream Account; 
(4) identify best practices developed by the 
eligible entities receiving grants under this part; 
(5) identify any issues related to student 
privacy and stakeholder accessibility to American Dream Accounts; 
(6) provide feedback from participating 
students and the parents of such students about the grant program, including— 
(A) the impact of the program; (B) aspects of the program that are suc-
cessful; 
(C) aspects of the program that are not 
successful; and 
(D) any other data required by the Sec-
retary; and 
(7) provide recommendations for expanding 
the American Dream Accounts program. 
SEC. 10308. ELIGIBILITY TO RECEIVE FEDERAL 
STUDENT FINANCIAL AID. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any funds that are in the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account shall not affect such stu-dent’s eligibility to receive Federal student financial aid, including any Federal student financial aid under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), and shall not be considered in determining the amount of any such Federal student aid. 
SEC. 10309. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years. 
SA 2128. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. W ARNER , and Mrs. B OXER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 5010, insert the following: 
SEC. 5011. MIDDLE SCHOOL TECHNICAL EDU-
CATION PROGRAM. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part I, as added by section 5010, the following: 
‘‘PART J—MIDDLE SCHOOL TECHNICAL 
EDUCATION PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 5951. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this part is 
to support the development of middle school career exploration programs linked to career and technical education programs of study. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C AREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION EX -
PLORATION PROGRAM .—The term ‘career and 
technical education exploration program’ means a program that is developed through an organized, systemic framework and is de-signed to aid students in making informed plans and decisions about future education and career opportunities and enrollment in career and technical education programs of study. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘eli-
gible partnership’ means an entity that— 
‘‘(A) shall include— ‘‘(i) not less than 1 local educational agen-
cy that receives funding under section 131 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2351), or an area career and technical education school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.034 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4852 July 8, 2015 
or educational service agency described in 
such section; 
‘‘(ii) not less than 1 eligible institution 
that receives funding under section 132 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2352); and 
‘‘(iii) not less than 1 representative of ei-
ther a local or regional business, industry, nonprofit organization, or apprenticeship program; and 
‘‘(B) may include other representatives of 
the community, including representatives of parents’ organizations, labor organizations, nonprofit organizations, employers, and rep-resentatives of local workforce development boards (established under subtitle A of title I of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act). 
‘‘SEC. 5952. CAREER EXPLORATION PROGRAM DE-
VELOPMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall 
create a pilot program to support the estab-lishment of career and technical education exploration programs. In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall award grants to eligible partnerships to enable the eligible partnerships to develop middle school career and technical education explo-ration programs that are aligned with career and technical education programs of study described in section 122(c)(1)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2342(c)(1)(A)). 
‘‘(b) G
RANT DURATION .—Grants awarded 
under this part shall be for a period of not more than 4 years. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible partnership 
seeking a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. Each application shall in-clude— 
‘‘(1) a description of the partner entities 
comprising the eligible partnership, the roles and responsibilities of each partner, and a demonstration of each partner’s capacity to support the program; 
‘‘(2) a description of how the eligible part-
nership will use grant funds to carry out each of the activities described under sub-section (e); 
‘‘(3) a description of how the middle school 
career and technical education exploration program aligns to regional economies and local emerging workforce needs; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the new middle 
school career and technical education explo-ration program is linked to— 
‘‘(A) 1 or more career and technical edu-
cation programs of study offered by the agency or school described in section 5951(b)(2)(A)(i); and 
‘‘(B) 1 or more career and technical edu-
cation programs of study offered by the post-secondary institution described in section 5951(b)(2)(A)(ii); 
‘‘(5) a description of the students that will 
be served by the middle school career and technical education exploration program; 
‘‘(6) a description of how the middle school 
career and technical education exploration program funded by the grant will be replicable; 
‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible part-
nership will disseminate information about best practices resulting from the middle school career and technical education explo-ration program to similar career and tech-nical education programs of study, including such programs in urban and rural areas; 
‘‘(8) a description of how the middle school 
career and technical education exploration program will be implemented; 
‘‘(9) a description of how the middle school 
career and technical education exploration program will provide accessibility to stu-dents, especially economically disadvan-taged, low-performing, and urban and rural 
students; and 
‘‘(10) a description of how the eligible part-
nership will carry out the evaluation re-quired under subsection (f). 
‘‘(d) S
ELECTION OF GRANTEES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
termine, based on the peer review process de-scribed in paragraph (3) and subject to the requirement in paragraph (4), which eligible partnership applicants shall receive funding under this part, and the amount of the grant funding under this part that each selected el-igible partnership will receive. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT AMOUNTS .—In determining the 
amount of each grant awarded under this part, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that all grants are of sufficient 
size, scope, and quality to be effective; and 
‘‘(B) take into account the total amount of 
funds available for all grants under this part and the types of activities proposed to be carried out by the eligible partnership. 
‘‘(3) P
EER REVIEW PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT OF PEER REVIEW COM -
MITTEE .—The Secretary shall convene a peer 
review committee to review applications for grants under this part and to make rec-ommendations to the Secretary regarding the selection of grantees. 
‘‘(B) M
EMBERS OF THE PEER REVIEW COM -
MITTEE .—The peer review committee shall 
include the following members: 
‘‘(i) Educators who have experience imple-
menting career and technical education pro-grams and career exploration programs. 
‘‘(ii) Experts in the field of career and tech-
nical education. 
‘‘(4) R
URAL OR SMALL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—The Secretary shall set aside not 
less than 5 percent of the funds made avail-able to award grants under this part to award grants to eligible partnerships that in-clude rural or small local educational agen-cies, as defined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible partner-
ship receiving a grant under this section shall use grant funds to develop and imple-ment a middle school career and technical education exploration program that— 
‘‘(1) shall— ‘‘(A) include introductory courses or expe-
riential activities, such as student appren-ticeships or other work-based learning meth-ods and project-based learning experiences; 
‘‘(B) include the implementation of a plan 
that demonstrates the transition from the middle school career and technical education exploration program to a career and tech-nical education program of study that is of-fered by the entity described in section 5951(b)(2)(A)(i); 
‘‘(C) include programs and activities re-
lated to the development of individualized graduation and career plans for students; and 
‘‘(D) offer career guidance and academic 
counseling that— 
‘‘(i) provides information about postsec-
ondary education and career options; and 
‘‘(ii) provides participating students with 
readily available career and labor market in-formation, such as information about em-ployment sectors, educational requirements, information on workforce supply and de-mand, and other information on careers that are aligned to State or local economic prior-ities; and 
‘‘(2) may include expanded learning time 
activities that— 
‘‘(A) focus on career exploration, including 
apprenticeships and internships; 
‘‘(B) are available to all students in a mid-
dle school; and 
‘‘(C) take place during a time that is out-
side of the standard hours of enrollment for students that are served by the local edu-cational agency. ‘‘(f) E
VALUATIONS AND REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) E VALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible partner-
ship that receives a grant under this part shall collect appropriate data or otherwise document through records (in a manner that complies with section 444 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g), com-monly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’, and other applicable Federal and State privacy laws) the information necessary to conduct an evaluation of grant activities, including an evaluation of— 
‘‘(i) the extent of student participation in 
the middle school career and technical edu-cation exploration program carried out under this part; 
‘‘(ii) the impact of the middle school career 
and technical education exploration program carried out under this part on the students’ transition to, or planned participation in, ca-reer and technical programs of study (as de-scribed in section 122(c)(1)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2342(c)(1)(A)); and 
‘‘(iii) any other measurable outcomes spec-
ified by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) R
ESOURCES OF THE ELIGIBLE PARTNER -
SHIP.—The evaluation described in this para-
graph shall reflect the resources and capac-ity of the local educational agency, area ca-reer and technical education school, or edu-cational service agency that is part of the el-igible partnership in a manner determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—The eligible partnership 
shall prepare and submit to the Secretary a report containing the results of the evalua-tion described in paragraph (1).’’. 
SA 2129. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 38, beginning on line 15, strike ‘‘be 
administered—’’ and all that follows through line 19, and insert ‘‘be administered not less than one time, during—’’ 
‘‘(aa) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(bb) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(cc) grades 10 through 12; and’’. 
SA 2130. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(N) if applicable, whether the State con-
ducts periodic assessments of the condition of elementary school and secondary school facilities in the State, which may include an assessment of the age of the facility and the state of repair of the facility; 
SA 2131. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
ISAKSON , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.035 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4853 July 8, 2015 
every child achieves; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 39 line 15, insert ‘‘, such as inter-
operability with and ability to use assistive technology,’’ after ‘‘accommodations’’. 
SA 2132. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. L EE, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ASSE, 
and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 1010, insert the following: 
SEC. 1011. FUNDS TO FOLLOW THE LOW-INCOME 
CHILD STATE OPTION. 
Subpart 2 of part A of title I is amended by 
inserting after section 1122 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1123. FUNDS TO FOLLOW THE LOW-INCOME 
CHILD STATE OPTION. 
‘‘(a) F UNDS FOLLOW THE LOW-INCOME  
CHILD.—Notwithstanding any other provi-
sions in this title requiring a State to re-serve or distribute funds, a State may, in ac-cordance with and as permitted by State law, distribute funds under this subpart among the local educational agencies in the State based on the number of eligible chil-dren enrolled in the public schools operated by each local educational agency and the number of eligible children within each local educational agency’s geographical area whose parents elect to send their child to a private school, for the purposes of ensuring that funding under this subpart follows low- income children to the public school they at-tend and that payments will be made to the parents of eligible children who choose to en-roll their eligible children in private schools. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE CHILD.— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘eligible child’ means a child aged 5 to 17, in-clusive from a family with an income below the poverty level on the basis of the most re-cent satisfactory data published by the De-partment of Commerce. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA OF POVERTY .—In determining 
the families with incomes below the poverty level for the purposes of this section, a State educational agency shall use the criteria of poverty used by the Census Bureau in com-piling the most recent decennial census, as the criteria have been updated by increases in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
‘‘(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE CHILDREN ; 
ALLOCATION AND DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE CHIL -
DREN .—On an annual basis, on a date to be 
determined by the State educational agency, each local educational agency shall inform the State educational agency of the number of eligible children enrolled in public schools served by the local educational agency and the number of eligible children within each local educational agency’s geographical area whose parents elect to send their child to a private school. 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the amount of payment for each eligible child described in this section shall be equal to— 
‘‘(i) the total amount allotted to the State 
under this subpart; divided by 
‘‘(ii) the total number of eligible children 
in the State identified under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—In the case of a payment 
made to the parents of an eligible child who elects to attend a private school, the amount of the payment described in subparagraph 
(A) for each eligible child shall not exceed the cost for tuition, fees, and transportation for the eligible child to attend the private school. 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Based on the identification of eli-
gible children in paragraph (1), the State educational agency shall provide to a local educational agency an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount available for each eligible 
child in the State, as determined in para-graph (2); multiplied by 
‘‘(B) the number of eligible children identi-
fied by the local educational agency under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION TO SCHOOLS .—From 
amounts allocated under paragraph (3) and notwithstanding any provisions in this title requiring a local educational agency to re-serve funds, each local educational agency that receives funds under such paragraph shall distribute a portion of such funds to the public schools served by the local edu-cational agency, which amount shall— 
‘‘(A) be based on the number of eligible 
children enrolled in such schools and in-cluded in the count submitted under para-graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) be distributed in a manner that 
would, in the absence of such Federal funds, supplement the funds made available from non-Federal resources for the education of pupils participating in programs under this part, and not to supplant such funds (in ac-cordance with the method of determination described in section 1117). 
‘‘(5) D
ISTRIBUTION TO PARENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts allo-
cated under paragraph (3) and notwith-standing any provisions in this title requir-ing a local educational agency to reserve funds, each local educational agency that re-ceives funds under such paragraph shall dis-tribute a portion of such funds, in an amount equal to the amount described in paragraph (2), to the parents of each eligible child with-in the local educational agency’s geo-graphical area who elect to send their child to a private school and whose child is in-cluded in the count of such eligible children under paragraph (1), which amount shall be distributed in a manner so as to ensure that such payments will be used for the payment of tuition, fees, and transportation expenses (if any). 
‘‘(B) R
ESERVATION .—A local educational 
agency described in this paragraph may re-serve not more than 1 percent of the funds available for distribution under subpara-graph (A) to pay administrative costs associ-ated with carrying out the activities de-scribed in such subparagraph. 
‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall provide technical assist-ance to the State educational agencies that choose to allocate grant funds in accordance with subsection (a), for the purpose of assist-ing local educational agencies and schools in such States to determine an accurate meth-odology to identify the number of eligible children under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Payments to 
parents under this subsection (c)(5) shall be considered assistance to the eligible child and shall not be considered assistance to the school that enrolls the eligible child. The amount of any payment under this section shall not be treated as income of the child or 
his or her parents for purposes of Federal tax laws or for determining eligibility for any other Federal program. 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PARTICIPATING PRI-
VATE SCHOOLS .—A private school that enrolls 
eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be accredited, licensed, or other-
wise operating in accordance with State law; 
‘‘(2) shall ensure that the amount of any 
tuition or fees charged by the school to an eligible child whose parents receive funds from a local educational agency through a distribution under this section does not ex-ceed the amount of tuition or fees that the school charges to students whose parents do not receive such funds; 
‘‘(3) shall be academically accountable to 
the parent for meeting the educational needs of the student; and 
‘‘(4) shall not discriminate against eligible 
children on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex, except that— 
‘‘(A) the prohibition of sex discrimination 
shall not apply to a participating school that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to a religious organization to the extent that the application of such pro-hibition is inconsistent with the religious te-nets or beliefs of the school; and 
‘‘(B) notwithstanding this paragraph or 
any other provision of law, a parent may choose, and a school may offer, a single-sex school, class, or activity. 
‘‘(g) P
ROHIBITIONS ON CONTROL OF PARTICI -
PATING PRIVATE SCHOOLS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, a private school that enrolls eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section— 
‘‘(1) may be a school that is operated by, 
supervised by, controlled by, or connected to, a religious organization to exercise its right in matters of employment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), including the exemp-tions in that title; and 
‘‘(2) consistent with the First Amendment 
of the Constitution of the United States, shall not— 
‘‘(A) be required to make any change in the 
school’s teaching mission; 
‘‘(B) be required to remove religious art, 
icons, scriptures, or other symbols; or 
‘‘(C) be precluded from retaining religious 
terms in its name, selecting its board mem-bers on a religious basis, or including reli-gious references in its mission statements and other chartering or governing docu-ments. 
‘‘(h) E
VALUATION .—Every 2 years, the Sec-
retary shall conduct an evaluation of eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section, which shall include an evalua-tion of— 
‘‘(1) 4-year adjusted cohort graduation 
rates; and 
‘‘(2) parental satisfaction regarding the rel-
evant activities carried out under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) R
EQUESTS FOR DATA AND INFORMA -
TION.—Each school that enrolls eligible chil-
dren whose parents receive funds under this section shall comply with all requests for data and information regarding evaluations conducted under subsection (h). 
‘‘(j) R
ULES OF CONDUCT AND OTHER SCHOOL  
POLICIES .—A school that enrolls eligible chil-
dren whose parents receive funds under this section may require such children to abide by any rules of conduct and other require-ments applicable to all other students at the school. 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT TO PARENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each school that enrolls 
eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section shall report, at least once during the school year, to such parents on— 
‘‘(A) their child’s academic achievement, 
as measured by a comparison with— 
‘‘(i) the aggregate academic achievement 
of other students at the school who are eligi-ble children whose parents receive funds under this section and who are in the same grade or level, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(ii) the aggregate academic achievement 
of the student’s peers at the school who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.036 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4854 July 8, 2015 
in the same grade or level, as appropriate; 
and 
‘‘(B) the safety of the school, including the 
incidence of school violence, student suspen-sions, and student expulsions. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCLOSURE OF PER -
SONAL INFORMATION .—No report under this 
subsection may contain any personally iden-tifiable information, except that a student’s parent may receive a report containing per-sonally identifiable information relating to their own child.’’. 
SA 2133. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. V ITTER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After part A of title X, insert the fol-
lowing: 
PART B—EDUCATION PORTABILITY FOR 
INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES 
SEC. 10201. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this part is to provide op-
tions to States to innovate and improve the education of children with disabilities by ex-panding the choices for students and parents under the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
SEC. 10202. AMENDMENTS TO THE INDIVIDUALS 
WITH DISABILITIES EDUCATION ACT. 
(a) C HILDREN ENROLLED IN PRIVATE  
SCHOOLS BY THEIR PARENTS .—Section 
612(a)(10)(A) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(10)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(viii) P
ARENT OPTION PROGRAM .—If a State 
has established a program that meets the re-quirements of section 663(c)(11) (whether statewide or in limited areas of the State) and that allows a parent of a child described in section 663(c)(11)(A) to use public funds, or private funds in accordance with 633(c)(11)(B)(ii), to pay some or all of the costs of attendance at a private school— 
‘‘(I) funds allocated to the State under sec-
tion 611 may be used by the State to supple-ment such public or private funds, if the Fed-eral funds are distributed to parents who make a genuine independent choice as to the appropriate school for their child, except that in no case shall the amount of Federal funds provided under this subclause to a par-ent of a child with a disability for a year ex-ceed the total amount of tuition, fees, and transportation costs for the child for the year; 
‘‘(II) the authorization of a parent to exer-
cise this option fulfills the State’s obligation under paragraph (1) with respect to the child during the period in which the child is en-rolled in the selected school; and 
‘‘(III) a selected school accepting such 
funds shall not be required to carry out any of the requirements of this title with respect to such child.’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH AND INNOVATION TOIMPROVE  
SERVICES AND RESULTS FOR CHILDREN WITH 
DISABILITIES .—Section 663(c) of the Individ-
uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1463(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (10), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) supporting the post-award planning 
and design, and the initial implementation (which may include costs for informing the community, acquiring necessary equipment 
and supplies, and other initial operational costs), during a period of not more than 3 years, of State programs that allow the par-ent of a child with a disability to make a genuine independent choice of the appro-priate public or private school for their child, if the program— 
‘‘(A) requires that the child be a child who 
has received an initial evaluation described in section 614(a) and has been identified as a child with a disability, in accordance with part B; 
‘‘(B)(i) permits the parent to receive from 
the State funds to be used to pay some or all of the costs of attendance at the selected school (which may include tuition, fees, and transportation costs); or 
‘‘(ii) permits persons to receive a State tax 
credit for donations to an entity that pro-vides funds to parents of eligible students de-scribed in subparagraph (A), to be used by the parents to pay some or all of the costs of attendance at the selected school (which may include tuition, fees, and transportation costs); 
‘‘(C) prohibits any school that agrees to 
participate in the program from discrimi-nating against eligible students on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex, except that— 
‘‘(i) the prohibition of sex discrimination 
shall not apply to a participating school that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to a religious organization to the extent that the application of such pro-hibition is inconsistent with the religious te-nets or beliefs of the school; and 
‘‘(ii) notwithstanding this subparagraph or 
any other provision of law, a parent may choose, and a school may offer, a single-sex school, class, or activity; 
‘‘(D) notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, allows any school participating in the program that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to, a religious or-ganization to exercise its right in matters of employment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), including the exemptions in that title; 
‘‘(E) allows a school to participate in the 
program without, consistent with the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States— 
‘‘(i) necessitating any change in the par-
ticipating school’s teaching mission; 
‘‘(ii) requiring any private participating 
school to remove religious art, icons, scrip-tures, or other symbols; or 
‘‘(iii) precluding any private participating 
school from retaining religious terms in its name, selecting its board members on a reli-gious basis, or including religious references in its mission statements and other char-tering or governing documents; and 
‘‘(F) requires a participating school se-
lected for a child with a disability to be— 
‘‘(i) accredited, licensed, or otherwise oper-
ating in accordance with State law; and 
‘‘(ii) academically accountable to the par-
ent for meeting the educational needs of the student.’’. 
SA 2134. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. 
VITTER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE XI—CHOICE ACT 
SECTION 11001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Creating 
Hope and Opportunity for Individuals and Communities through Education Act’’ or the 
‘‘CHOICE Act’’. 
PART A—IMPROVING THE SCHOLARSHIPS 
FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS ACT 
SEC. 11101. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this part is to amend the 
Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (Public Law 112–10, 125 Stat. 199) in order to improve provisions concerning oppor-tunity scholarships available for low-income students in the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 11102. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE SCHOLAR-
SHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RE-SULTS ACT. 
(a) C ARRYOVER AMOUNTS .—Section 3014 of 
division C of the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10, 125 Stat. 212) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) C
ARRYOVER AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated 
under this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF CARRYOVER AMOUNTS .—Of the 
funds appropriated under this section that are unobligated, are not expended in the fis-cal year for which such funds are appro-priated, and are not necessary for the con-tinuation of the scholarships already award-ed, the Secretary shall, for the subsequent fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) use 2 percent of such funds to carry 
out outreach and parental education and as-sistance activities described in section 3007(c) that are in addition to any such ac-tivities carried out by an eligible entity under such section; and 
‘‘(B) use the remaining amount of such 
funds to provide opportunity scholarships to eligible students who have not previously re-ceived such a scholarship.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION IN STUDENT ELIGI-
BILITY .—Section 3013(3) of division C of the 
Department of Defense and Full-Year Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10, 125 Stat. 211) is amended, in the mat-ter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, is enrolled, or will be enrolled for the next school year, in a public or private elemen-tary school or secondary school,’’ after ‘‘Dis-trict of Columbia’’. 
PART B—EDUCATION PORTABILITY FOR 
INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES 
SEC. 11201. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this part is to provide op-
tions to States to innovate and improve the education of children with disabilities by ex-panding the choices for students and parents under the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
SEC. 11202. AMENDMENTS TO THE INDIVIDUALS 
WITH DISABILITIES EDUCATION ACT. 
(a) C HILDREN ENROLLED IN PRIVATE  
SCHOOLS BY THEIR PARENTS .—Section 
612(a)(10)(A) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(10)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(viii) P
ARENT OPTION PROGRAM .—If a State 
has established a program that meets the re-quirements of section 663(c)(11) (whether statewide or in limited areas of the State) and that allows a parent of a child described in section 663(c)(11)(A) to use public funds, or private funds in accordance with 633(c)(11)(B)(ii), to pay some or all of the costs of attendance at a private school— 
‘‘(I) funds allocated to the State under sec-
tion 611 may be used by the State to supple-ment such public or private funds, if the Fed-eral funds are distributed to parents who make a genuine independent choice as to the appropriate school for their child, except that in no case shall the amount of Federal funds provided under this subclause to a par-ent of a child with a disability for a year ex-ceed the total amount of tuition, fees, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.039 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4855 July 8, 2015 
transportation costs for the child for the 
year; 
‘‘(II) the authorization of a parent to exer-
cise this option fulfills the State’s obligation under paragraph (1) with respect to the child during the period in which the child is en-rolled in the selected school; and 
‘‘(III) a selected school accepting such 
funds shall not be required to carry out any of the requirements of this title with respect to such child.’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH AND INNOVATION TOIMPROVE  
SERVICES AND RESULTS FOR CHILDREN WITH 
DISABILITIES .—Section 663(c) of the Individ-
uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1463(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (10), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) supporting the post-award planning 
and design, and the initial implementation (which may include costs for informing the community, acquiring necessary equipment and supplies, and other initial operational costs), during a period of not more than 3 years, of State programs that allow the par-ent of a child with a disability to make a genuine independent choice of the appro-priate public or private school for their child, if the program— 
‘‘(A) requires that the child be a child who 
has received an initial evaluation described in section 614(a) and has been identified as a child with a disability, in accordance with part B; 
‘‘(B)(i) permits the parent to receive from 
the State funds to be used to pay some or all of the costs of attendance at the selected school (which may include tuition, fees, and transportation costs); or 
‘‘(ii) permits persons to receive a State tax 
credit for donations to an entity that pro-vides funds to parents of eligible students de-scribed in subparagraph (A), to be used by the parents to pay some or all of the costs of attendance at the selected school (which may include tuition, fees, and transportation costs); 
‘‘(C) prohibits any school that agrees to 
participate in the program from discrimi-nating against eligible students on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex, except that— 
‘‘(i) the prohibition of sex discrimination 
shall not apply to a participating school that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to a religious organization to the extent that the application of such pro-hibition is inconsistent with the religious te-nets or beliefs of the school; and 
‘‘(ii) notwithstanding this subparagraph or 
any other provision of law, a parent may choose, and a school may offer, a single-sex school, class, or activity; 
‘‘(D) notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, allows any school participating in the program that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to, a religious or-ganization to exercise its right in matters of employment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), including the exemptions in that title; 
‘‘(E) allows a school to participate in the 
program without, consistent with the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States— 
‘‘(i) necessitating any change in the par-
ticipating school’s teaching mission; 
‘‘(ii) requiring any private participating 
school to remove religious art, icons, scrip-tures, or other symbols; or 
‘‘(iii) precluding any private participating 
school from retaining religious terms in its name, selecting its board members on a reli-gious basis, or including religious references in its mission statements and other char-
tering or governing documents; and 
‘‘(F) requires a participating school se-
lected for a child with a disability to be— 
‘‘(i) accredited, licensed, or otherwise oper-
ating in accordance with State law; and 
‘‘(ii) academically accountable to the par-
ent for meeting the educational needs of the student.’’. 
PART C—MILITARY SCHOLARSHIPS 
SEC. 11301. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this part is to ensure high- 
quality education for children of military personnel who live on military installations 
and thus have less freedom to exercise school choice for their children, in order to improve the ability of the Armed Forces to retain such military personnel. 
SEC. 11302. MILITARY SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) ESEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘child’’, 
‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, and ‘‘local educational agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE MILITARY STUDENT .—The term 
‘‘eligible military student’’ means a child who— 
(A) is a military dependent student; (B) lives on a military installation selected 
to participate in the program under sub-section (b)(2); and 
(C) chooses to attend a participating 
school, rather than a school otherwise as-signed to the child. 
(3) M
ILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENT .—The 
term ‘‘military dependent student’’ has the meaning given the term in section 572(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (20 U.S.C. 7703b(e)). 
(4) P
ARTICIPATING SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘par-
ticipating school’’ means a public or private elementary school or secondary school that— 
(A) accepts scholarship funds provided 
under this section on behalf of an eligible military student for the costs of tuition, fees, or transportation of the eligible mili-tary student; and 
(B) is accredited, licensed, or otherwise op-
erating in accordance with State law. 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Defense. 
(b) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available under subsection (g) and beginning for the first full school year following the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall carry out a 5-year pilot program to award scholarships to enable eligible mili-tary students to attend the public or private elementary schools or secondary schools se-lected by the eligible military students’ par-ents. 
(2) S
COPE OF PROGRAM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall se-
lect not less than 5 military installations to participate in the pilot program described in paragraph (1). In making such selection, the Secretary shall choose military installations where eligible military students would most benefit from expanded educational options. 
(B) I
NELIGIBILITY .—A military installation 
that provides, on its premises, education for all elementary school and secondary school grade levels through one or more Depart-ment of Defense dependents’ schools shall not be eligible for participation in the pro-gram. 
(3) A
MOUNT OF SCHOLARSHIPS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The annual amount of 
each scholarship awarded to an eligible mili-tary student under this section shall not ex-ceed the lesser of— 
(i) the cost of tuition, fees, and transpor-
tation associated with attending the partici-pating school selected by the parents of the 
student; or 
(ii)(I) in the case of an eligible military 
student attending elementary school— 
(aa) $8,000 for the first full school year fol-
lowing the date of enactment of this part; or 
(bb) the amount determined under subpara-
graph (B) for each school year following such first full school year; or 
(II) in the case of an eligible military stu-
dent attending secondary school— 
(aa) $12,000 for the first full school year fol-
lowing the date of enactment of this part; or 
(bb) the amount determined under subpara-
graph (B) for each school year following such first full school year. 
(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—For each 
school year after the first full school year following the date of enactment of this part, the amounts specified in subclauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted to reflect changes for the 12-month period ending the preceding June in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor. 
(4) P
AYMENTS TO PARENTS .—The Secretary 
shall make scholarship payments under this section to the parent of the eligible military student in a manner that ensures such pay-ments will be used for the payment of tui-tion, fees, and transportation expenses (if any) in accordance with this section. 
(c) S
ELECTION OF SCHOLARSHIPS RECIPI -
ENTS .— 
(1) R ANDOM SELECTION .—If more eligible 
military students apply for scholarships under the program under this section than the Secretary can accommodate, the Sec-retary shall select the scholarship recipients through a random selection process from students who submitted applications by the application deadline specified by the Sec-retary. 
(2) C
ONTINUED ELIGIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An individual who is se-
lected to receive a scholarship under the pro-gram under this section shall continue to re-ceive a scholarship for each year of the pro-gram until the individual— 
(i) graduates from secondary school or 
elects to no longer participate in the pro-gram; 
(ii) exceeds the maximum age for which 
the State in which the student lives provides a free public education; or 
(iii) is no longer an eligible military stu-
dent. 
(B) C
ONTINUED PARTICIPATION FOR MILITARY  
TRANSFERS .— 
(i) T RANSFER TO PRIVATE NON -MILITARY  
HOUSING .—Notwithstanding subparagraph 
(A)(iii), an individual receiving a scholarship under this section for a school year who meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (a)(2) and whose family, during such school year, moves into private non-military housing that is not considered to be part of the military installation, shall continue to receive the scholarship for use at the participating school for the remaining portion of the school year. 
(ii) T
RANSFER TO A DIFFERENT MILITARY IN -
STALLATION .—Notwithstanding subparagraph 
(A)(iii), an individual receiving a scholarship under this section for a school year whose family is transferred to a different military installation shall no longer be eligible to re-ceive such scholarship beginning on the date of the transfer. Such individual may apply to participate in any program offered under this section for the new military installation for a subsequent school year, if such indi-vidual qualifies as an eligible military stu-dent for such school year. 
(d) N
ONDISCRIMINATION AND OTHER PROVI-
SIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.041 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4856 July 8, 2015 
(1) N ON-DISCRIMINATION .—A participating 
school shall not discriminate against pro-gram participants or applicants on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY AND SINGLE -SEX SCHOOLS , 
CLASSES , OR ACTIVITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the prohibition of sex discrimination in paragraph (1) shall not apply to a participating school that is oper-ated by, supervised by, controlled by, or con-nected to a religious organization to the ex-tent that the application of paragraph (1) is inconsistent with the religious tenets or be-liefs of the school. 
(B) S
INGLE -SEX SCHOOLS , CLASSES , OR AC -
TIVITIES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1) or 
any other provision of law, a parent may choose, and a participating school may offer, a single-sex school, class, or activity. 
(3) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES .—Nothing 
in this section may be construed to alter or modify the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
(4) R
ULES OF CONDUCT AND OTHER SCHOOL  
POLICIES .—A participating school, including 
the schools described in subsection (e), may require eligible students to abide by any rules of conduct and other requirements ap-plicable to all other students at the school. 
(e) R
ELIGIOUSLY AFFILIATED SCHOOLS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a participating school that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to, a religious organization may exercise its right in matters of employ-ment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), in-cluding the exemptions in that title. 
(2) M
AINTENANCE OF PURPOSE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, funds made available under this title to eligible military students that are received by a par-ticipating school, as a result of their par-ents’ choice, shall not, consistent with the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States— 
(A) necessitate any change in the partici-
pating school’s teaching mission; 
(B) require any private participating 
school to remove religious art, icons, scrip-tures, or other symbols; or 
(C) preclude any private participating 
school from retaining religious terms in its name, selecting its board members on a reli-gious basis, or including religious references in its mission statements and other char-tering or governing documents. 
(f) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) A NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than July 
30 of the year following the year of the date of enactment of this part, and each subse-quent year through the year in which the final report is submitted under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall prepare and submit to Congress an interim report on the scholar-ships awarded under the pilot program under this section that includes the content de-scribed in paragraph (3) for the applicable school year of the report. 
(2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the end of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall prepare and sub-mit to Congress a report on the scholarships awarded under the program that includes the content described in paragraph (3) for each school year of the program. 
(3) C
ONTENT .—Each annual report under 
paragraph (1) and the final report under paragraph (2) shall contain— 
(A) the number of applicants for scholar-
ships under this section; 
(B) the number, and the average dollar 
amount, of scholarships awarded; 
(C) the number of participating schools; (D) the number of elementary school stu-
dents receiving scholarships under this sec-tion and the number of secondary school stu-
dents receiving such scholarships; and 
(E) the results of a survey, conducted by 
the Secretary, regarding parental satisfac-tion with the scholarship program under this 
section. 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
(h) O
FFSET IN DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
SALARIES .—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years, the Secretary of Education shall return to the Treasury $10,000,000 of the amounts made available to the Secretary for salaries and expenses of the Department of Education for such year. 
SA 2135. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-
self and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 270, strike line 18 and 
all that follows through line 16 on page 273 and insert the following: 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) H OLD HARMLESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph 
(2), from the funds appropriated under sec-tion 2003(a) for a fiscal year that remain after the Secretary makes the reservations under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State an amount equal to the total amount that such State received for fiscal year 2001 under— 
‘‘(i) section 2202(b) of this Act (as in effect 
on the day before the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001); and 
‘‘(ii) section 306 of the Department of Edu-
cation Appropriations Act, 2001 (as enacted into law by section 1(a)(1) of Public Law 106- 554). 
‘‘(B) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If the funds de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all States are eligible to receive under subparagraph (A) for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall rat-ably reduce those amounts for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENT OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), for any fiscal year for which the funds appropriated under section 2003(a) and not reserved under subsection (a) exceed the total amount required to make allotments under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall allot to each State the sum of— 
‘‘(i) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 20 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 80 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—No State receiving an al-
lotment under subparagraph (A) may receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total excess amount allotted under such subpara-graph for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) R
EALLOTMENT .—If any State does not 
apply for an allotment under this subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall 
reallot the amount of the allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
SA 2136. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 5011. PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part I, as added by section 5010, the following: 
‘‘PART J—PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS 
‘‘SEC. 5910. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Promise 
Neighborhoods Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5911. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to signifi-
cantly improve the academic and develop-mental outcomes of children living in our Nation’s most distressed communities from birth through college and career entry, in-cluding ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and college and career readiness for such children, through the use of data-driven decisionmaking and access to a community-based continuum of high-qual-ity services, beginning at birth. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) C
HILD.—The term ‘child’ means an in-
dividual from birth through age 21. 
‘‘(2) C OLLEGE AND CAREER READINESS .—The 
term ‘college and career readiness’ means the level of preparation a student needs in order to meet the challenging State aca-demic standards under section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(3) C
OMMUNITY OF PRACTICE .—The term 
‘community of practice’ means a group of en-tities that interact regularly to share best practices to address 1 or more persistent problems, or improve practice with respect to such problems, in 1 or more neighbor-hoods. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPREHENSIVE SCHOOL READINESS AS -
SESSMENT .—The term ‘comprehensive school 
readiness assessment’ means an objective tool that— 
‘‘(A) screens for school readiness across do-
mains, including language, cognitive, phys-ical, motor, sensory, and social-emotional domains, and through a developmental screening; and 
‘‘(B) may also include other sources of in-
formation, such as child observations by par-ents and others, verbal and written reports, child work samples (for children aged 3 to 5), and health and developmental histories. 
‘‘(5) D
EVELOPMENTAL SCREENING .—The term 
‘developmental screening’ means the use of a standardized tool to identify a child who may be at risk of a developmental delay or disorder. 
‘‘(6) E
XPANDED LEARNING TIME .—The term 
‘expanded learning time’ means the activi-ties and programs described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of section 4201(b)(1). 
‘‘(7) F
AMILY AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT .— 
The term ‘family and community engage-ment’ means the process of engaging family and community members in education mean-ingfully and at all stages of the planning, implementation, and school and neighbor-hood improvement process, including, at a minimum— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.041 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4857 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(A) disseminating a clear definition of the 
neighborhood to the members of the neigh-borhood; 
‘‘(B) ensuring representative participation 
by the members of such neighborhood in the planning and implementation of the activi-ties of each grant awarded under this part; 
‘‘(C) regular engagement by the eligible en-
tity and the partners of the eligible entity with family members and community part-ners; 
‘‘(D) the provision of strategies and prac-
tices to assist family and community mem-bers in actively supporting student achieve-ment and child development; and 
‘‘(E) collaboration with institutions of 
higher education, workforce development centers, and employers to align expectations and programming with college and career readiness. 
‘‘(8) F
AMILY AND STUDENT SUPPORTS .—The 
term ‘family and student supports’ in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) health programs (including both men-
tal health and physical health services); 
‘‘(B) school, public, and child-safety pro-
grams; 
‘‘(C) programs that improve family sta-
bility; 
‘‘(D) workforce development programs (in-
cluding those that meet local business needs, such as internships and externships); 
‘‘(E) social service programs; ‘‘(F) legal aid programs; ‘‘(G) financial literacy education pro-
grams; 
‘‘(H) adult education and family literacy 
programs; 
‘‘(I) parent, family, and community en-
gagement programs; and 
‘‘(J) programs that increase access to 
learning technology and enhance the digital literacy skills of students. 
‘‘(9) F
AMILY MEMBER .—The term ‘family 
member’ means a parent, relative, or other adult who is responsible for the education, care, and well-being of a child. 
‘‘(10) I
NTEGRATED STUDENT SUPPORTS .—The 
term ‘integrated student supports’ means wraparound services, supports, and commu-nity resources, which shall be offered through a site coordinator for at-risk stu-dents, that have been shown by evidence- based research— 
‘‘(A) to increase academic achievement and 
engagement; 
‘‘(B) to support positive child development; 
and 
‘‘(C) to increase student preparedness for 
success in college and the workforce. 
‘‘(11) N
EIGHBORHOOD .—The term ‘neighbor-
hood’ means a defined geographical area in which there are multiple signs of distress, demonstrated by indicators of need, includ-ing poverty, childhood obesity rates, aca-demic failure, and rates of juvenile delin-quency, adjudication, or incarceration. 
‘‘(12) P
IPELINE SERVICES .—The term ‘pipe-
line services’ means a continuum of supports and services for children from birth through college entry, college success, and career at-tainment, including, at a minimum, strate-gies to address through services or programs (including integrated student supports) the following: 
‘‘(A) Prenatal education and support for 
expectant parents. 
‘‘(B) High-quality early learning opportu-
nities. 
‘‘(C) High-quality schools and out-of- 
school-time programs and strategies. 
‘‘(D) Support for a child’s transition to ele-
mentary school, including the administra-tion of a comprehensive school readiness as-sessment. 
‘‘(E) Support for a child’s transition from 
elementary school to middle school, from middle school to high school, and from high school into and through college and into the 
workforce. 
‘‘(F) Family and community engagement. ‘‘(G) Family and student supports. ‘‘(H) Activities that support college and ca-
reer readiness, including coordination be-tween such activities, such as— 
‘‘(i) assistance with college admissions, fi-
nancial aid, and scholarship applications, es-pecially for low-income and low-achieving students; and 
‘‘(ii) career preparation services and sup-
ports. 
‘‘(I) Neighborhood-based support for col-
lege-age students who have attended the schools in the pipeline, or students who are members of the community, facilitating their continued connection to the commu-nity and success in college and the work-
force. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From amounts 
appropriated to carry out this part, the Sec-retary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to implement a comprehensive, evidence-based continuum of coordinated services and supports that en-gages community partners to improve aca-demic achievement, student development, and college and career readiness, measured by common outcomes, by carrying out the activities described in section 5916 in neigh-borhoods with high concentrations of low-in-come individuals and persistently low- achieving schools or schools with an achieve-ment gap. 
‘‘(2) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each 
grant awarded under this part shall be of suf-ficient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under 
this part shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTINUED FUNDING .—Continued fund-
ing of a grant under this part, including a grant renewed under subsection (b)(2), after the third year of the grant period shall be contingent on the eligible entity’s progress toward meeting the performance metrics de-scribed in section 5918(a). 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity re-
ceiving a grant under this part shall con-tribute matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 100 percent of the amount of the grant. Such matching funds shall come from Federal, State, local, and private sources. 
‘‘(2) P
RIVATE SOURCES .—The Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall require that a portion of the 
matching funds come from private sources; and 
‘‘(B) may allow the use of in-kind dona-
tions to satisfy the matching funds require-ment. 
‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENT .—The Secretary may ad-
just the matching funds requirement for ap-plicants that demonstrate high need, includ-ing applicants from rural areas or applicant that wish to provide services on tribal lands. 
‘‘(e) F
INANCIAL HARDSHIP WAIVER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may 
waive or reduce, on a case-by-case basis, the matching requirement described in sub-section (d), for a period of 1 year at a time, if the eligible entity demonstrates signifi-cant financial hardship. 
‘‘(2) P
RIVATE SOURCES WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary may waive or reduce, on a case-by- case basis, the requirement described in sub-section (d) that a portion of matching funds come from private sources if the eligible en-tity demonstrates an inability to access such funds in the State. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘eligible entity’ 
means— ‘‘(1) an institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965; 
‘‘(2) an Indian tribe or tribal organization, 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b); or 
‘‘(3) not less than 1 nonprofit entity work-
ing in coordination with not less than 1 of the following entities: 
‘‘(A) A high-need local educational agency. ‘‘(B) A charter school funded by the Bureau 
of Indian Education that is not a local edu-cational agency, except that such school shall not be the fiscal agent for the eligible entity partnership. 
‘‘(C) An institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965. 
‘‘(D) The office of a chief elected official of 
a unit of local government. 
‘‘(E) An Indian tribe or tribal organization, 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
‘‘SEC. 5915. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—At a min-
imum, an application described in subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A plan to significantly improve the 
academic outcomes of children living in a neighborhood that is served by the eligible entity, by providing pipeline services that address the needs of children in the neigh-borhood, as identified by the needs analysis described in paragraph (4) and supported by evidence-based practices. 
‘‘(2) A description of the neighborhood that 
the eligible entity will serve. 
‘‘(3) Measurable annual goals for the out-
comes of the grant, including— 
‘‘(A) performance goals, in accordance with 
the metrics described in section 5918(a), for each year of the grant; and 
‘‘(B) projected participation rates and any 
plans to expand the number of children served or the neighborhood proposed to be served by the grant program. 
‘‘(4) An analysis of the needs and assets of 
the neighborhood identified in paragraph (2), including— 
‘‘(A) a description of the process through 
which the needs analysis was produced, in-cluding a description of how parents, family, and community members were engaged in such analysis; 
‘‘(B) an analysis of community assets, in-
cluding programs already provided from Fed-eral and non-Federal sources, within, or ac-cessible to, the neighborhood, including, at a minimum— 
‘‘(i) early learning programs, including 
high-quality child care, Early Head Start programs, Head Start programs, and pre-kindergarten programs; 
‘‘(ii) the availability of healthy food op-
tions and opportunities for physical activity; 
‘‘(iii) existing family and student supports; ‘‘(iv) locally owned businesses and employ-
ers; and 
‘‘(v) institutions of higher education; ‘‘(C) evidence of successful collaboration 
within the neighborhood; 
‘‘(D) the steps that the eligible entity is 
taking, at the time of the application, to ad-dress the needs identified in the needs anal-ysis; and 
‘‘(E) any barriers the eligible entity, public 
agencies, and other community-based orga-nizations have faced in meeting such needs. 
‘‘(5) A description of the data used to iden-
tify the pipeline services to be provided, in-cluding data regarding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.043 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4858 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(A) school readiness; 
‘‘(B) academic achievement and college 
and career readiness; 
‘‘(C) graduation rates; ‘‘(D) health indicators; ‘‘(E) rates of enrollment, remediation, per-
sistence, and completion at institutions of higher education, as available; and 
‘‘(F) conditions for learning, including 
school climate surveys, discipline rates, and student attendance and incident data. 
‘‘(6) A description of the process used to de-
velop the application, including the involve-ment of family and community members. 
‘‘(7) An estimate of— ‘‘(A) the number of children, by age, who 
will be served by each pipeline service; and 
‘‘(B) for each age group, the percentage of 
children (of such age group), within the neighborhood, who the eligible entity pro-poses to serve, disaggregated by each service, and the goals for increasing such percentage over time. 
‘‘(8) A description of how the pipeline serv-
ices will facilitate the coordination of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Providing high-quality early learning 
opportunities for children, beginning pre-natally and extending through grade 3, by— 
‘‘(i) supporting high-quality early learning 
opportunities that provide children with ac-cess to programs that support the cognitive and developmental skills, including social and emotional skills, needed for success in elementary school; 
‘‘(ii) providing for opportunities, through 
parenting classes, baby academies, home vis-its, family and community engagement, or other evidence-based strategies, for families and expectant parents to— 
‘‘(I) acquire the skills to promote early 
learning, development, and health and safe-ty, including learning about child develop-ment and positive discipline strategies (such as through the use of technology and public media programming); 
‘‘(II) learn about the role of families and 
expectant parents in their child’s education; and 
‘‘(III) become informed about educational 
opportunities for their children, including differences in quality among early learning opportunities; 
‘‘(iii) ensuring successful transitions be-
tween early learning programs and elemen-tary school, including through the establish-ment of memoranda of understanding be-tween early learning providers and local edu-cational agencies serving young children and families; 
‘‘(iv) ensuring appropriate screening, diag-
nostic assessments, and referrals for children with disabilities, developmental delays, or other special needs, consistent with the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), where applicable; 
‘‘(v) improving the early learning work-
force in the community, including through— 
‘‘(I) investments in the recruitment, reten-
tion, distribution, and support of high-qual-ity professionals, especially those with cer-tification and experience in child develop-ment; 
‘‘(II) the provision of high-quality teacher 
preparation and professional development; or 
‘‘(III) the use of joint professional develop-
ment for early learning providers and ele-mentary school teachers and administrators; and 
‘‘(vi) enhancing data systems and data 
sharing among the eligible entity, partners, early learning providers, schools, and local educational agencies operating in the neigh-borhood. 
‘‘(B) Supporting, enhancing, operating, or 
expanding rigorous and comprehensive edu-cation reforms designed to significantly im-prove educational outcomes for children in early learning programs through grade 12, 
which may include— 
‘‘(i) operating schools or working in close 
collaboration with local schools to provide high-quality academic programs, curricula, and integrated student supports; 
‘‘(ii) providing expanded learning time, 
which may include the integration and use of arts education in such learning time; and 
‘‘(iii) providing programs and activities 
that ensure that students— 
‘‘(I) are prepared for the college admis-
sions, scholarship, and financial aid applica-tion processes; and 
‘‘(II) graduate college and career ready. ‘‘(C) Supporting access to a healthy life-
style, which may include— 
‘‘(i) the provision of high-quality and nu-
tritious meals; 
‘‘(ii) access to programs that promote 
physical activity, physical education, and 
fitness; and 
‘‘(iii) education to promote a healthy life-
style and positive body image. 
‘‘(D) Providing social, health, and mental 
health services and supports, including refer-rals for essential care and preventative screenings, for children, family, and commu-nity members, which may include— 
‘‘(i) dental services; ‘‘(ii) vision care; and ‘‘(iii) speech, language, and auditory 
screenings and referrals. 
‘‘(E) Supporting students and family mem-
bers as the students transition from early learning programs into elementary school, from elementary school to middle school, from middle school to high school, from high school into and through college and into the workforce, including through evidence-based strategies to address challenges that stu-dents may face as they transition, such as the following: 
‘‘(i) Early college high schools. ‘‘(ii) Dual enrollment programs. ‘‘(iii) Career academies. ‘‘(iv) Counseling and support services. ‘‘(v) Dropout prevention and recovery 
strategies. 
‘‘(vi) Collaboration with the juvenile jus-
tice system and reentry counseling for adju-dicated youth. 
‘‘(vii) Advanced Placement or Inter-
national Baccalaureate courses. 
‘‘(viii) Teen parent classrooms. ‘‘(ix) Graduation and career coaches. ‘‘(9) A description of the strategies that 
will be used to provide pipeline services (in-cluding a description of the process used to identify such strategies and the outcomes expected and a description of which pro-grams and services will be provided to chil-dren, family members, community members, and children not attending schools or pro-grams operated by the eligible entity or its partner providers) to support the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(10) An explanation of the process the eli-
gible entity will use to establish and main-tain family and community engagement. 
‘‘(11) An explanation of how the eligible en-
tity will continuously evaluate and improve the continuum of high-quality pipeline serv-ices, including— 
‘‘(A) a description of the metrics, con-
sistent with section 5918(a), that will be used to inform each component of the pipeline; and 
‘‘(B) the processes for using data to im-
prove instruction, optimize integrated stu-dent supports, provide for continuous pro-gram improvement, and hold staff and part-ner organizations accountable. 
‘‘(12) An identification of the fiscal agent, 
which may be any entity described in section 5914 (not including paragraph (2) of such sec-tion). ‘‘(13) A list of the non-Federal sources of 
funding that the eligible entity will secure to comply with the matching funds require-ment described in section 5913(d), in addition to other programs from which the eligible entity has already secured funding, including programs funded by the Department or pro-grams of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Department of Justice, or the Department of Labor. 
‘‘(c) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—An 
eligible entity, as part of the application de-scribed in this section, shall submit a pre-liminary memorandum of understanding, signed by each partner entity or agency. The preliminary memorandum of understanding shall describe, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) each partner’s financial and pro-
grammatic commitment with respect to the strategies described in the application, in-cluding an identification of the fiscal agent; 
‘‘(2) each partner’s long-term commitment 
to providing pipeline services that, at a min-imum, accounts for the cost of supporting the continuum of supports and services (in-cluding a plan for how to support services and activities after grant funds are no longer available) and potential changes in local government; 
‘‘(3) each partner’s mission and the plan 
that will govern the work that the partners 
do together; 
‘‘(4) each partner’s long-term commitment 
to supporting the continuum of supports and services through data collection, moni-toring, reporting, and sharing; and 
‘‘(5) each partner’s commitment to ensure 
sound fiscal management and controls, in-cluding evidence of a system of supports and personnel. 
‘‘SEC. 5916. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this part shall use the grant funds to— 
‘‘(1) support planning activities to develop 
and implement pipeline services; 
‘‘(2) implement the pipeline services, as de-
scribed in the application under section 5915; and 
‘‘(3) continuously evaluate the success of 
the program and improve the program based on data and outcomes. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(1) F UNDS FOR PIPELINE SERVICES .—Each 
eligible entity that receives a grant under this part, for the first and second year of the grant, shall use not less than 50 percent of the grant funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Each eligi-
ble entity that operates a school in a neigh-borhood served by a grant program under this part shall provide such school with the operational flexibility, including autonomy over staff, time, and budget, needed to effec-tively carry out the activities described in the application under section 5915. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Funds 
under this part that are used to improve early childhood education programs shall not be used to carry out any of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Assessments that provide rewards or 
sanctions for individual children or teachers. 
‘‘(B) A single assessment that is used as 
the primary or sole method for assessing pro-gram effectiveness. 
‘‘(C) Evaluating children, other than for 
the purposes of improving instruction, class-room environment, professional develop-ment, or parent and family engagement, or program improvement. 
‘‘SEC. 5917. REPORT AND PUBLICLY AVAILABLE 
DATA. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT .—Each eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this part shall prepare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.043 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4859 July 8, 2015 
and submit an annual report to the Sec-
retary, which shall include— 
‘‘(1) information about the number and 
percentage of children in the neighborhood who are served by the grant program, includ-ing a description of the number and percent-age of children accessing each support or service offered as part of the pipeline serv-ices; 
‘‘(2) information relating to the perform-
ance metrics described in section 5918(a); and 
‘‘(3) other indicators that may be required 
by the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences. 
‘‘(b) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE DATA.—Each eli-
gible entity that receives a grant under this part shall make publicly available, including through electronic means, the information described in subsection (a). To the extent practicable, such information shall be pro-vided in a form and language accessible to parents and families in the neighborhood, and such information shall be a part of state-wide longitudinal data systems. 
‘‘SEC. 5918. PERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY 
AND EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) P ERFORMANCE METRICS .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this part shall collect data on performance indicators of pipeline services and family and student supports and report the results to the Sec-retary, who shall use the results as a consid-eration in continuing grants after the third year and in awarding grant renewals. The in-dicators shall, at a minimum, include the following: 
‘‘(1) Evidence of increasing qualifications 
for staff in early care and education pro-grams attended by children in the neighbor-hood. 
‘‘(2) With respect to the children served by 
the grant— 
‘‘(A) the percentage of children who are 
ready for kindergarten, as measured by a comprehensive developmental screening in-strument; 
‘‘(B) the percentage of school-age children 
proficient in core academic subjects; 
‘‘(C) evidence of narrowing student 
achievement gaps among the categories de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); 
‘‘(D) the percentage of children who are 
reading at grade level by the end of grade 3; 
‘‘(E) the percentage of children who suc-
cessfully transition from grade 8 to grade 9; 
‘‘(F) for each school year during the grant 
period, the percentage of students in pre-kindergarten, elementary school, and sec-ondary school who miss more than 10 percent of school days for any reason, excused or un-excused, and the number and percentage of students who are suspended or expelled for any reason, starting in prekindergarten; 
‘‘(G) the percentage of children who grad-
uate with a high school diploma; 
‘‘(H) the percentage of children who enter 
postsecondary education and remain after 1 year; 
‘‘(I) the percentage of children who are 
healthy, as measured by a child-health index that includes cognitive, nutritional, phys-ical, social, mental-health, and emotional domains; 
‘‘(J) the percentage of children who feel 
safe, as measured by a school climate survey; 
‘‘(K) rates of student mobility and home-
lessness; 
‘‘(L) opportunities for family members of 
children to receive education and job train-ing; and 
‘‘(M) the percentage of children who have 
digital literacy skills and access to broadband internet and a connected com-puting device at home and at school. 
‘‘(b) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate the implementation and impact of the activities funded under this part, in ac-
cordance with section 9601. 
‘‘SEC. 5919. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From the amounts appropriated to carry 
out this part for a fiscal year, in addition to the amounts that may be reserved in accord-ance with section 9601, the Secretary may re-serve not more than 8 percent for national activities, which may include— 
‘‘(1) research on the activities carried out 
under this part; 
‘‘(2) identification and dissemination of 
best practices, including through support for a community of practice; 
‘‘(3) technical assistance, including assist-
ance relating to family and community en-gagement and outreach to potential partner organizations; 
‘‘(4) professional development, including 
development of materials related to profes-sional development; and 
‘‘(5) other activities consistent with the 
purpose of this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5920. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2137. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(N) how the State educational agency will 
demonstrate a coordinated plan to seamlessly transition students from sec-ondary school into postsecondary education or careers without remediation, including a description of the specific transition activi-ties that the State educational agency will carry out, such as providing students with access to early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities; 
On page 106, line 3, insert ‘‘early college 
high school or’’ after ‘‘access to’’. 
On page 314, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(C) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with professional devel-opment activities that enhance or enable the provision of postsecondary coursework through dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high school settings across a local educational agency. 
SA 2138. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-
self and Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 370, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(3) STEM- FOCUSED SPECIALTY SCHOOL .— 
The term ‘STEM-focused specialty school’ means a school, or a dedicated program with-in a school, that engages students in rig-orous, relevant, and integrated learning ex-periences focused on science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics, which include authentic school-wide research. 
On page 382, line 12, strike the period and 
insert the following: ‘‘; and ‘‘(viii) support the creation and enhance-
ment of STEM-focused specialty schools that improve student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including computer science, and pre-pare more students to be ready for postsec-ondary education and careers in such sub-jects. 
Beginning on page 384, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through line 23 on page 384 and insert the following: 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION AND MANAGEMENT .—The 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) acting through the Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences, and in con-sultation with the Director of the National Science Foundation— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the implementation and im-
pact of the activities supported under this part, including progress measured by the metrics established under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) identify best practices to improve in-
struction in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subjects; 
‘‘(2) disseminate, in consultation with the 
National Science Foundation, research on best practices to improve instruction in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects; 
‘‘(3) ensure that the Department is taking 
appropriate action to— 
‘‘(A) identify all activities being supported 
under this part; and 
‘‘(B) avoid unnecessary duplication of ef-
forts between the activities being supported under this part and other programmatic ac-tivities supported by the Department or by other Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(4) develop a rigorous system to— ‘‘(A) identify the science, technology, engi-
neering, and mathematics education-specific needs of States and stakeholders receiving funds through subgrants under this part; 
‘‘(B) make public and widely disseminate 
programmatic activities relating to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that are supported by the Department or by other Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(C) develop plans for aligning the pro-
grammatic activities supported by the De-partment and other Federal agencies with the State and stakeholder needs. 
SA 2139. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
On page 185, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 1011A. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR KIDS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 
6301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subpart 3—Scholarships for Kids Program 
‘‘SEC. 1131. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this subpart is to improve 
the academic achievement of the disadvan-taged by encouraging State efforts to expand the educational choices available to low-in-come students. 
‘‘SEC. 1132. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR KIDS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE CHILD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible child’ 
means a child residing in a participating State who— 
‘‘(i) is not older than 21; ‘‘(ii) is entitled to a free public education 
through grade 12; and 
‘‘(iii)(I) is from a family with an income 
below the poverty level; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.043 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4860 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(II) is a child described in subparagraph 
(B). 
‘‘(B) E XCEPTION FOR CONTINUING ELIGI -
BILITY .—A participating State may elect to 
serve a child as an eligible child under an ap-proved program under this section if— 
‘‘(i) such child was an eligible child de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) during the pre-vious fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) such child is from a family with an in-
come that is not greater than 200 percent of the poverty level on the basis of the most re-cent satisfactory data published by the De-partment of Commerce for the preceding year; and 
‘‘(iii) the State educational agency has de-
termined that the child qualifies for con-tinuing eligibility, as defined by the partici-pating State in its declaration of intent under subsection (d). 
‘‘(C) C
RITERIA OF POVERTY .—In determining 
if a family has an income below the poverty level for purposes of this section, a State shall use the poverty threshold, for the most recently completed calendar year, most re-cently published by the Bureau of the Cen-sus. 
‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPATING STATE .—The term ‘par-
ticipating State’ means a State whose dec-laration of intent to exercise the State op-tion for a Scholarships for Kids program is approved by the Secretary as described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(4) S
UPPLEMENTAL EDUCATIONAL SERVICES  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘supplemental edu-
cational services program’ means a program providing tutoring and other supplemental academic enrichment services that are— 
‘‘(A) in addition to instruction provided 
during the school day; and 
‘‘(B) are of high-quality, evidence-based, 
and specifically designed to increase the aca-demic achievement of eligible children, as determined by the State. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOLARSHIPS FOR KIDSPROGRAM AU-
THORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law and to the extent per-mitted under State law, a participating State may use the funds made available under subpart 2 to carry out a Scholarships for Kids program in accordance with sub-section (c). 
‘‘(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, a participating State carrying out a Scholarships for Kids program that meets the requirements of this section, and the local educational agencies in such State, shall not be required to meet any other re-quirements under this Act or any other law, except as provided in paragraph (3), in order to receive funds under subpart 2. 
‘‘(3) A
CADEMIC STANDARDS , ACADEMIC AS -
SESSMENTS , AND REPORTING ON PERFORMANCE  
DISAGGREGATED BY STUDENT SUBGROUP .—A 
participating State carrying out a Scholar-ships for Kids program that meets the re-quirements of this section, and the local edu-cational agencies in such State, shall comply with paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b), and subsection (d), of section 1111, and with the requirements of subpart 2 of part F of title IX (except for section 9521). 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) S TUDENT GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each participating 
State shall use the funds made available under section 1122 and not reserved under paragraph (2) or (3) to carry out a Scholar-ships for Kids program, under which the State shall— 
‘‘(i) establish a per-pupil amount for the 
grants under this section, based on the num-ber of eligible children in the State, as de-
scribed in subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) make a grant available on behalf of 
each eligible child, in the amount deter-mined under such subparagraph, that the parents of the eligible child may use for any of the following purposes, as allowed by State law: 
‘‘(I) To supplement the budget of any pub-
lic school the eligible child is able to attend without fees. 
‘‘(II) To pay for all, or a portion, of any 
fees required to attend another public school in the participating State. 
‘‘(III) To pay for all, or a portion, of the 
tuition and fees required to attend an ac-credited or otherwise State-approved private school. 
‘‘(IV) To pay for all, or a portion, of the 
fees required to participate in a State-ap-proved supplemental educational services program. 
‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION OF GRANT AMOUNTS .— 
Each participating State shall calculate the amount of the grant to be awarded to each eligible child for each fiscal year by dividing the allocation to the participating State under this subpart remaining after the par-ticipating State reserves any funds under paragraph (2) or (3), by the total number of eligible children, as determined by the par-ticipating State. 
‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—A partici-
pating State may reserve not more than 3 percent of its allocation under section 1122 for administrative costs associated with car-rying out the participating State’s duties and functions under this section, including— 
‘‘(A) certifying the eligibility of children 
living in the participating State; 
‘‘(B) disseminating information to parents 
of eligible children about public schools, pri-vate schools, and programs of supplemental educational services that are available to el-igible children in the participating State; 
‘‘(C) paying the costs of administering any 
tests required to be administered to eligible children participating in the program; and 
‘‘(D) providing subgrants to local edu-
cational agencies in the participating State for any of these purposes. 
‘‘(3) T
RANSPORTATION FOR ELIGIBLE CHIL -
DREN .—A participating State may reserve 
not more than 2 percent of its allocation under section 1122 to provide transportation for eligible children to the public school, pri-vate school, or supplemental educational services program the eligible children attend in accordance with paragraph (1)(A)(ii). 
‘‘(d) S
TATE DECLARATION OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to carry out a 
Scholarships for Kids program under this section, a State educational agency shall submit a declaration of intent to exercise the State option for a Scholarships for Kids program to the Secretary that satisfies the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each declaration of intent 
submitted under paragraph (1) shall provide the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the program to be ad-
ministered under this section, including the per-student amount calculated under sub-section (c)(1)(B) that will follow each eligible child to the school or supplemental edu-cational services program the eligible child attends. 
‘‘(B) An assurance that funds made avail-
able under this section will be spent in ac-cordance with the requirements of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(C)(i) An assurance that the State will 
provide a parent of each eligible child within the State who receives or is offered a grant under this section with the option to use grant funds for 1 (or more than 1 if the par-ent so chooses) of any of the following, as al-lowed by State law: ‘‘(I) To supplement the budget of any pub-
lic school the eligible child is able to attend without fees. 
‘‘(II) To pay for all, or a portion, of any 
fees required to attend another public school in the participating State. 
‘‘(III) To pay for all, or a portion, of the 
tuition and fees to attend an accredited or otherwise State-approved private school. 
‘‘(IV) To pay for all, or a portion, of the 
fees required to participate in a supple-mental educational services program. 
‘‘(ii) A description of the procedures the 
State will implement to carry out the re-quirements of clause (i), including any ac-creditation or other method by which the State will approve private schools and pro-viders of supplemental educational services programs to accept grant funds under this section. 
‘‘(D) An assurance that the State will pub-
lish, in a widely read or distributed medium, an annual report that contains— 
‘‘(i) the number of students, schools, and 
providers of programs of supplemental edu-cational services that participated in the program assisted under this section; 
‘‘(ii) information regarding the academic 
progress of students receiving a grant under this section in meeting challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), if the State requires that students receiving a grant participate in the academic assess-ments administered under section 1111(b)(2); and 
‘‘(iii) such other information as the State 
may require. 
‘‘(E) A description of how the State will de-
fine continuing eligibility with respect to children who have participated in the State’s Scholarships for Kids program for the pre-ceding year, in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(B). 
‘‘(F) An assurance that the State will as-
sist each local educational agency, public school, and participating private school af-fected by the State declaration of intent to meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(G) An assurance that the State will use 
Federal funds awarded as grants to eligible children under this section to supplement any funds from non-Federal sources that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available to such students or to the schools or programs of supplemental edu-cational services the students attend, and not to supplant such funds. 
‘‘(H) An assurance that the State will com-
ply with the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b), and subsection (d), of section 1111. 
‘‘(I) An assurance that the State will par-
ticipate in biennial State academic assess-ments in grades 4 and 8 in reading and math-ematics under the National Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under sec-tion 303(b)(3) of the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act if the Secretary pays the costs of admin-istering such assessments. 
‘‘(3) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL BY THE SEC -
RETARY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) establish a process to review the dec-
larations of intent received from States under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) by not later than 30 days after the 
submission of a State declaration of intent, approve the State declaration or, if the Sec-retary clearly demonstrates that the State declaration of intent does not meet the re-quirements of this subsection, carry out the requirements of paragraph (4). 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARD AND NATURE OF REVIEW .— 
The Secretary shall conduct a good faith re-view of State declarations of intent in their totality and in deference to State and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.046 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4861 July 8, 2015 
judgments, with the goal of promoting pa-
rental choice. 
‘‘(4) S TATE DECLARATION OF INTENT DETER -
MINATION , DEMONSTRATION , AND REVISION .—If 
the Secretary determines that a State dec-laration of intent does not meet the require-ments of this subsection, the Secretary shall, prior to disapproving the declaration of intent— 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the State of the 
determination; 
‘‘(B) provide to the State a detailed de-
scription of the specific requirements of this subsection that the Secretary determined were not met in the declaration of intent; 
‘‘(C) offer the State an opportunity to re-
vise and resubmit its declaration of intent within 30 days of the determination; 
‘‘(D) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the State, in order to assist the State in meeting the requirements of this subsection; and 
‘‘(E) provide an opportunity for a public 
hearing not later than 30 days after receiving from the State a revised declaration of in-tent, with public notice provided not less than 15 days before the hearing. 
‘‘(5) S
TATE DECLARATION OF INTENT DIS -
APPROVAL .—The Secretary shall have the au-
thority to disapprove a State declaration of intent if— 
‘‘(A) the State has been notified and of-
fered an opportunity to revise and resubmit the declaration of intent with technical as-sistance, in accordance with paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(B)(i) the State does not submit a revised 
declaration of intent; or 
‘‘(ii) the State submits a revised declara-
tion of intent that the Secretary determines, after an opportunity for a hearing conducted in accordance with paragraph (4)(E), does not meet the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(6) R
ECOGNITION BY OPERATION OF LAW .—If 
the Secretary fails to take action on a dec-laration of intent submitted by a State with-in the time specified in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), the declaration of intent, as submitted, shall be deemed to be approved. 
‘‘(7) L
IMITATIONS .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State declara-tion of intent under this subsection, to— 
‘‘(A) submit any standards for academic 
content or student academic achievement for review or approval; 
‘‘(B) enter into a voluntary partnership 
with another State to develop and imple-ment academic assessments, challenging State academic standards, and account-ability systems; 
‘‘(C) include in, or delete from, such a dec-
laration of intent any criterion that speci-fies, describes, or prescribes any standard or measure that the State uses to establish, im-plement, or improve— 
‘‘(i) the challenging State academic stand-
ards; 
‘‘(ii) assessments; ‘‘(iii) State accountability systems; ‘‘(iv) systems that measure student 
growth; 
‘‘(v) measures of other academic indica-
tors; or 
‘‘(vi) teacher and principal evaluation sys-
tems; or 
‘‘(D) require the collection, publication, or 
transmission to the Department of indi-vidual student data that is not expressly re-quired to be collected under this Act. 
‘‘(e) A
CCOUNTABILITY FOR ACADEMIC  
PROGRESS .—A participating State may re-
quire each eligible child receiving a grant under this section to take academic assess-ments implemented by the State educational agency under section 1111(b)(2) or an alter-native assessment approved by the State educational agency of the participating State, if the participating State pays any 
costs associated with administering the as-sessment. 
‘‘(f) N
ONDISCRIMINATION AND OTHER RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR SCHOOLS AND PROVIDERS OF  
SUPPLEMENTAL EDUCATIONAL SERVICES PRO-
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) N ONDISCRIMINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), a school or provider of a supplemental educational services program that participates in a program under this section by accepting grant funds under this section on behalf of an eligible child under this section shall agree to not discriminate against program participants or applicants on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the prohibition of sex discrimination in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a participating school that is oper-ated by, supervised by, controlled by, or con-nected to a religious organization to the ex-tent that the application of subparagraph (A) is inconsistent with the religious tenets or beliefs of the school. 
‘‘(ii) S
INGLE -SEX SCHOOL , CLASS , OR ACTIV -
ITY.—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A) or 
any other provision of law, a parent may choose, and a school may offer, a single-sex school, class, or activity. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 909 of the 
Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1688) shall apply to this section as if such section 909 were part of this section. 
‘‘(2) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to alter or modify the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act. 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF CONDUCT AND OTHER SCHOOL  
POLICIES .—A participating school or provider 
of supplemental educational services may re-quire eligible children attending the school or receiving the services, respectively, to abide by any rules of conduct or other re-quirements applicable to all other students served by the school or the provider of sup-plemental educational services. 
‘‘(4) R
ELIGIOUSLY AFFILIATED SCHOOLS AND  
PROVIDERS OF SUPPLEMENTAL EDUCATIONAL  
SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a school or provider of supplemental educational services partici-pating in a program under this section that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to, a religious organization may exercise its right in matters of employ-ment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–1 et seq.), including the exemptions in such title. 
‘‘(B) M
AINTENANCE OF PURPOSE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, funds made available under this section to eligible students that are received by a participating school or supplemental educational services provider, as a result of their parents’ choice, shall not, consistent with the first amend-ment of the Constitution of the United States— 
‘‘(i) necessitate any change in the partici-
pating school’s teaching mission; 
‘‘(ii) require any participating school to re-
move religious art, icons, scriptures, or other symbols; or 
‘‘(iii) preclude any participating school 
from retaining religious terms in its name, selecting its board members on a religious basis, or including religious references in its mission statements and other chartering or governing documents. 
‘‘(g) N
ATIONAL PROGRAM ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall carry out a national assessment of activities carried out with 
Federal funds under this section in order— 
‘‘(A) to determine the effectiveness of this 
section in achieving the purposes of this sec-tion; and 
‘‘(B) to provide timely information to the 
President, Congress, the States, local edu-cational agencies, and the public on how to implement this section more effectively, in-cluding recommendations for legislative and administrative action that can achieve the purposes of this section more effectively. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE OF ASSESSMENT .—The national 
assessment shall assess activities supported under this section, including— 
‘‘(A) the implementation of programs as-
sisted under this section by participating States and the impact of such programs on improving the academic achievement of low- income children to meet the challenging State academic standards adopted by the 
participating States under section 1111(b)(1), based on the State academic assessments adopted under section 1111(b)(2), to the ex-tent applicable; 
‘‘(B) the types of programs and services in 
participating States that have demonstrated the greatest effectiveness in helping low-in-come students reach the challenging State academic standards developed by the partici-pating States; and 
‘‘(C) the effectiveness of States, local edu-
cational agencies, schools, and other recipi-ents of assistance under this section in achieving the purposes of this section, by— 
‘‘(i) improving the academic achievement 
of low-income children and their perform-ance on State assessments, where applicable, as compared with other children; and 
‘‘(ii) improving the participation of par-
ents of low-income children in the education of their children. 
‘‘(3) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION AND DATA  
COLLECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In conducting the as-
sessment under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(i) analyze existing data from States re-
quired for reports under this Act and the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act, and summarize major findings from such re-ports; and 
‘‘(ii) analyze data from the National As-
sessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(2) of the National As-sessment of Educational Progress Authoriza-tion Act. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The information and 
data used to prepare the assessment, as de-scribed in subparagraph (A), shall be derived from existing State and local reporting re-quirements and data sources. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as authorizing, requiring, or allowing any additional report-ing requirements, data elements, or informa-tion to be reported to the Secretary not oth-erwise explicitly authorized by any other Federal law. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the Sec-retary shall transmit to the President, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, an interim report on the national assessment conducted under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to the President, the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, a final report on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.046 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4862 July 8, 2015 
national assessment conducted under this 
subsection. 
‘‘(h) P ROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL MAN-
DATES , DIRECTION , ORCONTROL .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to author-ize the Secretary or any other officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government to man-date, direct, control, or exercise any direc-tion or supervision over the instructional content or materials, curriculum, program of instruction, challenging State academic standards, or academic assessments of a State, local educational agency, elementary school or secondary school, or provider of supplemental educational services.’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 1002 (20 U.S.C. 6302), as amended by section 1002 of this Act, is further amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘For the purpose of carrying out part A, 
there are authorized to be appropriated $23,837,351,000 for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years.’’. 
(c) P
ROGRAM CONSOLIDATION .— 
(1) C ONSOLIDATION OF CERTAIN FEDERAL  
EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—The following provi-
sions are repealed: 
(A) Section 1003 and parts B, C, D, and E of 
title I of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
(B) Titles II, III, IV, V, VI, and VII of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq., 6801 et seq., 7101 et seq., 7301 et seq., 7401 et seq.). 
(C) Clauses (iii) and (iv) of section 
105(f)(1)(B) of the Compact of Free Associa-tion Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(iii) and (iv)). 
(D) The Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
(E) Subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney- 
Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.). 
(F) The Educational Technical Assistance 
Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). 
(G) Part A of title II of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022 et seq.). 
(H) Sections 402B and 402C of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a–12, 1070a–13). 
(I) Section 410 of the Agricultural Re-
search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7630). 
(J) Section 1417(j) of the National Agricul-
tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3152(j)). 
(K) Section 4101 of the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 280h–4 note). 
(L) Section 9 of the National Science Foun-
dation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n). 
(M) Section 399Z–1 of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280h–5). 
(N) Sections 14005, 14006, and 14007 of the 
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5; 123 Stat. 282). 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Paragraph (1) shall 
take effect on October 1, 2016. 
(3) A DDITIONAL CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—After consultation with 
the appropriate committees of Congress and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, each applicable Secretary shall prepare recommended legislation containing technical and conforming amendments to re-flect the changes made by this section. 
(B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, each applicable Secretary shall submit the recommended legislation referred to under subparagraph (A) to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
(C) D
EFINITION OF APPLICABLE SECRETARY .— 
For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘appli-cable Secretary’’ means a Secretary with au-
thority over a program or provision of law described in paragraph (1). 
SA 2140. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10234. REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE INSPEC-
TION AND GRADING PROGRAM. 
(a) F OOD, CONSERVATION , AND ENERGY ACT 
OF2008.—Effective June 18, 2008, section 11016 
of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Effective 
February 7, 2014, section 12106 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 981) is repealed. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) shall be applied and adminis-tered as if the provisions of law struck by this section had not been enacted. 
SA 2141. Mr. BENNET (for himself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 622, line 18, insert ‘‘such as 
through entities administering shared serv-ices,’’ after ‘‘strategies,’’. 
On page 624, line 9, insert ‘‘which may in-
clude the use of shared services models’’ after ‘‘time in program’’. 
SA 2142. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself, Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 267, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(2) S OCIAL AND EMOTIONAL LEARNING .—The 
term ‘social and emotional learning’ means the process through which children and adults acquire the knowledge, attitudes, and skills associated with the core areas of social and emotional competency, including— 
‘‘(A) self-awareness and self-management 
to achieve school and life success, such as— 
‘‘(i) identifying and recognizing strengths, 
needs, emotions, values, and self-efficacy; 
‘‘(ii) emotion regulation, including impulse 
control and stress management; 
‘‘(iii) self-motivation and discipline; and ‘‘(iv) goal setting and organizational skills; ‘‘(B) social awareness and interpersonal 
skills to establish and maintain positive re-lationships, such as perspective taking and respect for others, communication, working cooperatively, negotiation, conflict manage-ment, and help-seeking; and 
‘‘(C) decisionmaking skills and responsible 
behaviors in personal, academic, and com-munity contexts, such as situational anal-ysis, problem solving, reflection, and per-
sonal, social, and ethical responsibility. 
‘‘(3) S
OCIAL AND EMOTIONAL LEARNING PRO -
GRAMMING .—The term ‘social and emotional 
learning programming’ refers to evidence- based classroom instruction and schoolwide activities and initiatives that— 
‘‘(A) integrate social and emotional learn-
ing into the school curriculum; 
‘‘(B) provide systematic instruction where-
by social and emotional skills are taught, modeled, practiced, and applied so that stu-dents use the skills as part of the students’ daily behavior; 
‘‘(C) teach students to apply social and 
emotional skills to— 
‘‘(i) prevent specific problem behaviors 
such as substance use, violence, bullying, and school failure; and 
‘‘(ii) promote positive behaviors in class, 
school, and community activities; and 
‘‘(D) establish safe and caring learning en-
vironments that foster student participa-tion, engagement, and connection to learn-ing, the school, and the community.’’. 
On page 281, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(IV) programs that supplement, not sup-
plant training for teachers, principals, other school leaders, or specialized instructional support personnel in practices that have demonstrated effectiveness in improving stu-dent achievement, attainment, behavior, and school climate through addressing the social and emotional development needs of stu-dents, such as through social and emotional learning programming.’’. 
On page 302, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(vi) address the social and emotional de-
velopment needs of students to improve stu-dent achievement, attainment, behavior, and school climate such as through social and emotional learning programming;’’. 
SA 2143. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, insert the following: 
PART C—PROTECTING STUDENT 
ATHLETES FROM CONCUSSIONS 
SECTION 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Student Athletes from Concussions Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 10302. MINIMUM STATE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
that receives funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) and does not meet the re-quirements described in this section, as of the date of enactment of this part, shall, not later than the last day of the fifth full fiscal year after the date of enactment of this part (referred to in this part as the ‘‘compliance deadline’’), enact legislation or issue regula-tions establishing the following minimum requirements: 
(1) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY CONCUSSION  
SAFETY AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—Each local 
educational agency in the State, in consulta-tion with members of the community in which such agency is located, shall develop and implement a standard plan for concus-sion safety and management that— 
(A) educates students, parents, and school 
personnel about concussions, through activi-ties such as— 
(i) training school personnel, including 
coaches, teachers, athletic trainers, related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.046 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4863 July 8, 2015 
services personnel, and school nurses, on 
concussion safety and management, includ-ing training on the prevention, recognition, and academic consequences of concussions and response to concussions; and 
(ii) using, maintaining, and disseminating 
to students and parents— 
(I) release forms and other appropriate 
forms for reporting and record keeping; 
(II) treatment plans; and (III) concussion prevention and post-injury 
observation and monitoring fact sheets; 
(B) encourages supports, where feasible, for 
a student recovering from a concussion (re-gardless of whether or not the concussion oc-curred during school-sponsored activities, during school hours, on school property, or during an athletic activity), such as— 
(i) guiding the student in resuming partici-
pation in athletic activity and academic ac-tivities with the help of a multi-disciplinary concussion management team, which may include— 
(I) a health care professional, the parents 
of such student, a school nurse, relevant re-lated services personnel, and other relevant school personnel; and 
(II) an individual who is assigned by a pub-
lic school to oversee and manage the recov-ery of such student; and 
(ii) providing appropriate academic accom-
modations aimed at progressively reintro-ducing cognitive demands on the student; and 
(C) encourages the use of best practices de-
signed to ensure, with respect to concus-sions, the uniformity of safety standards, treatment, and management, such as— 
(i) disseminating information on concus-
sion safety and management to the public; and 
(ii) applying uniform best practice stand-
ards for concussion safety and management to all students enrolled in public schools. 
(2)P
OSTING OF INFORMATION ON CONCUS -
SIONS .—Each public elementary school and 
each public secondary school shall post on school grounds, in a manner that is visible to students and school personnel, and make publicly available on the school website, in-formation on concussions that— 
(A) is based on peer-reviewed scientific evi-
dence (such as information made available by the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention); 
(B) shall include information on— (i) the risks posed by sustaining a concus-
sion; 
(ii) the actions a student should take in re-
sponse to sustaining a concussion, including the notification of school personnel; and 
(iii) the signs and symptoms of a concus-
sion; and 
(C) may include information on— (i) the definition of a concussion; (ii) the means available to the student to 
reduce the incidence or recurrence of a con-cussion; and 
(iii) the effects of a concussion on aca-
demic learning and performance. 
(3)R
ESPONSE TO CONCUSSION .—If an indi-
vidual designated from among school per-sonnel for purposes of this part, one of whom shall attend every school-sponsored athletic activity, suspects that a student has sus-tained a concussion (regardless of whether or not the concussion occurred during school- sponsored activities, during school hours, on school property, or during an athletic activ-ity)— 
(A) the student shall be— (i) immediately removed from participa-
tion in a school-sponsored athletic activity; and 
(ii) prohibited from returning to partici-
pate in a school-sponsored athletic activity on the day such student is removed from par-ticipation; and (B) the designated individual shall report 
to the parent or guardian of such student— 
(i) any information that the designated 
school employee is aware of regarding the date, time, and type of the injury suffered by such student (regardless of where, when, or how a concussion may have occurred); and 
(ii) any actions taken to treat such stu-
dent. 
(4)R
ETURN TO ATHLETICS .—If a student has 
sustained a concussion (regardless of wheth-er or not the concussion occurred during school-sponsored activities, during school hours, on school property, or during an ath-letic activity), before such student resumes participation in school-sponsored athletic activities, the school shall receive a written release from a health care professional, that— 
(A) states that the student is capable of re-
suming participation in such activities; and 
(B) may require the student to follow a 
plan designed to aid the student in recov-ering and resuming participation in such ac-tivities in a manner that— 
(i) is coordinated, as appropriate, with pe-
riods of cognitive and physical rest while symptoms of a concussion persist; and 
(ii) reintroduces cognitive and physical de-
mands on such student on a progressive basis only as such increases in exertion do not cause the reemergence or worsening of symp-toms of a concussion. 
(b)N
ONCOMPLIANCE .— 
(1)F IRST YEAR .—If a State described in sub-
section (a) fails to comply with subsection (a) by the compliance deadline, the Sec-retary of Education shall reduce by 5 percent the amount of funds the State receives under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) for the first fiscal year following the compliance dead-line. 
(2)S
UCCEEDING YEARS .—If the State fails to 
so comply by the last day of any fiscal year following the compliance deadline, the Sec-retary of Education shall reduce by 10 per-cent the amount of funds the State receives under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) for the following fiscal year. 
(3)N
OTIFICATION OF NONCOMPLIANCE .—Prior 
to reducing any funds that a State receives under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) in accordance with this subsection, the Sec-retary of Education shall provide a written notification of the intended reduction of 
funds to the State and to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 10303. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this part shall be construed to 
affect civil or criminal liability under Fed-eral or State law. 
SEC. 10304. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: 
(1)CONCUSSION .—The term ‘‘concussion’’ 
means a type of mild traumatic brain injury that— 
(A) is caused by a blow, jolt, or motion to 
the head or body that causes the brain to move rapidly in the skull; 
(B) disrupts normal brain functioning and 
alters the mental state of the individual, causing the individual to experience— 
(i) any period of observed or self-reported— (I) transient confusion, disorientation, or 
impaired consciousness; 
(II) dysfunction of memory around the 
time of injury; or 
(III) loss of consciousness lasting less than 
30 minutes; or 
(ii) any 1 of 4 types of symptoms, includ-
ing— 
(I) physical symptoms, such as headache, 
fatigue, or dizziness; 
(II) cognitive symptoms, such as memory 
disturbance or slowed thinking; (III) emotional symptoms, such as irrita-
bility or sadness; or 
(IV) difficulty sleeping; and (C) can occur— (i) with or without the loss of conscious-
ness; and 
(ii) during participation in any organized 
sport or recreational activity. 
(2)H
EALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL .—The term 
‘‘health care professional’’— 
(A) means an individual who has been 
trained in diagnosis and management of traumatic brain injury in a pediatric popu-lation; and 
(B) includes a physician (M.D. or D.O.), cer-
tified athletic trainer, or physical therapist who is registered, licensed, certified, or oth-erwise statutorily recognized by the State to provide such diagnosis and management. 
(3)L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; STATE .—The 
terms ‘‘local educational agency’’ and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(4)R
ELATED SERVICES PERSONNEL .—The 
term ‘‘related services personnel’’ means in-dividuals who provide related services, as de-fined under section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401). 
(5)S
CHOOL -SPONSORED ATHLETIC ACTIVITY .— 
The term ‘‘school-sponsored athletic activ-ity’’ means— 
(A) any physical education class or pro-
gram of a school; 
(B) any athletic activity authorized during 
the school day on school grounds that is not an instructional activity; 
(C) any extra-curricular sports team, club, 
or league organized by a school on or off school grounds; and 
(D) any recess activity. 
SA 2144. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10202. RESOURCES FOR IMPROVED SCIENCE 
EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Environmental Protection Agency and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall provide States and local educational agencies with balanced, objective resources on climate the-ory to promote improved science education for students in kindergarten through grade 12, including materials regarding— 
(1) the natural causes and cycles of climate 
change; 
(2) the uncertainties inherent in climate 
modeling; and 
(3) the myriad factors that influence the 
climate of the Earth. 
(b) R
ESOURCES .—The resources provided 
under subsection (a) shall be— 
(1) in addition to any climate theory re-
sources the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency or the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration are providing to States or local educational agencies on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) made available to promote open class-
room discussion that builds student skills in scientific reasoning, critical thinking, and independent thought. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.044 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4864 July 8, 2015 
SA 2145. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 430, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(ix) designing and implementing evi-
dence-based mental health awareness train-ing programs for the purposes of— 
‘‘(I) recognizing the signs and symptoms of 
mental illness; 
‘‘(II) providing education to school per-
sonnel regarding resources available in the community for students with mental ill-nesses and other relevant resources relating to mental health; or 
‘‘(III) providing education to school per-
sonal regarding the safe de-escalation of cri-sis situations involving a student with a mental illness; and 
SA 2146. Mr. COTTON (for himself, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10204. SANCTUARY CITIES. 
(a) S ANCTUARY CITYDEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘sanctuary city’’ means a State or a political subdivision of a State that has in effect a statute, policy, or prac-tice that prohibits law enforcement officers of the State, or of the political subdivision, from assisting or cooperating with Federal immigration law enforcement in the course of carrying out the officers’ routine law en-forcement duties. 
(b) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR FUNDS AND GRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A sanctuary city shall not 
be eligible to receive, for a minimum period of at least 1 year— 
(A) any of the funds that would otherwise 
be allocated to the State or political subdivi-sion under section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)) or the ‘Cops on the Beat’ program under part Q of 
title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.); or 
(B) any other law enforcement or Depart-
ment of Homeland Security grant. 
(2) T
ERMINATION OF INELIGIBILITY .—A juris-
diction that is found to be a sanctuary city shall only become eligible to receive funds or grants under paragraph (1) after the Attor-ney General certifies that the jurisdiction is no longer a sanctuary city. 
(c) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION AND REPORT .— 
(1) A NNUAL DETERMINATION .—Not later 
than March 1 of each year, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall determine which States or political subdivisions of a State are sanctuary cities and shall report to Congress such determinations. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—The Attorney General shall 
issue a report concerning the compliance of any particular State or political subdivision of a State at the request of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate or the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(d) R
EALLOCATION .—Any funds that are not 
allocated to a sanctuary city, due to the ju-risdiction’s designation as a sanctuary city, 
shall be reallocated to States and political subdivisions of States that are not sanctuary cities. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to require law enforcement officials from a State or a political subdivi-sion of a State to report or arrest victims or 
witnesses of a criminal offense. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2147. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 422, line 22, insert ‘‘recovery sup-
port services,’’ after ‘‘referral,’’. 
On page 439, line 16, insert ‘‘recovery sup-
port services,’’ after ‘‘mentoring,’’. 
SA 2148. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 70, line 3, strike the period and in-
sert the following: ‘‘; and 
‘‘(iii) use funds under this part to imple-
ment statewide efforts to expand and rep-licate highly performing, low-income charter schools, magnet schools, and traditional pub-lic schools. 
SA 2149. Mr. UDALL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 799, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 9114A. APPLICATION FOR COMPETITIVE 
GRANTS FROM THE BUREAU OF IN-DIAN EDUCATION. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3) and 9114 and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9539. APPLICATION FOR COMPETITIVE 
GRANTS FROM THE BUREAU OF IN-DIAN EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act and subject to subsection (b), the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation may apply for, and carry out, any grant program awarded on a competitive basis under this Act, as appropriate, on be-half of the schools and the Indian children that the Bureau serves, and shall not be sub-ject to any provision of the program that re-quires grant recipients to contribute funds toward the costs of the grant program. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—In the case of any com-
petitive grant program described in sub-section (a) that also provides a reservation of funds to the Bureau of Indian Education, the Bureau shall not, for any fiscal year, receive both a grant and a reservation under the competitive grant program.’’. SA 2150. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for her-
self, Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. G ARDNER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 403, strike line 15 and insert the 
following: 
‘‘(B) intensified instruction, which may in-
clude linguistically responsive materials; and 
‘‘(C) bilingual paraprofessionals, which 
may include interpreters and translators. 
SA 2151. Mr. CARPER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 287, between lines 8 and 9, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(J) A description of actions the State will 
take to improve preparation programs and strengthen support for principals and other school leaders based on the needs of the State, as identified by the State educational agency. 
SA 2152. Mr. CASEY (for himself, 
Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. U DALL , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
PART C—UNIVERSAL PREKINDERGARTEN 
Subpart A—Prekindergarten Access 
SEC. 10300. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Strong 
Start for America’s Children Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 10301. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this subpart are to— (1) establish a Federal-State partnership to 
provide access to high-quality public pre-kindergarten programs for all children from low-income and moderate-income families to ensure that they enter kindergarten pre-pared for success; 
(2) broaden participation in such programs 
to include children from additional middle- class families; 
(3) promote access to high-quality kinder-
garten, and high-quality early childhood education programs and settings for chil-dren; and 
(4) increase access to appropriate supports 
so children with disabilities and other chil-dren who need specialized supports can fully participate in high-quality early education programs. 
SEC. 10302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subpart: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.048 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4865 July 8, 2015 
(1) C HILD WITH A DISABILITY .—The term 
‘‘child with a disability’’ means— 
(A) a child with a disability, as defined in 
section 602 of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401); or 
(B) an infant or toddler with a disability, 
as defined in section 632 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1432). 
(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE EARLY LEARNING AS -
SESSMENT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘comprehen-
sive early learning assessment system’’— 
(A) means a coordinated and comprehen-
sive system of multiple assessments, each of which is valid and reliable for its specified purpose and for the population with which it will be used, that— 
(i) organizes information about the process 
and context of young children’s learning and development to help early childhood edu-cators make informed instructional and pro-grammatic decisions; and 
(ii) conforms to the recommendations of 
the National Research Council reports on early childhood; and 
(B) includes, at a minimum— (i) child screening measures to identify 
children who may need follow-up services to address developmental, learning, or health needs in, at a minimum, areas of physical health, behavioral health, oral health, child development, vision, and hearing; 
(ii) child formative assessments; (iii) measures of environmental quality; 
and 
(iv) measures of the quality of adult-child 
interactions. 
(3) D
UAL LANGUAGE LEARNER .—The term 
‘‘dual language learner’’ means an individual who is limited English proficient. 
(4) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘early childhood education 
program’’ has the meaning given the term under section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
(5) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘ele-
mentary school’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(6) E
LIGIBILITY DETERMINATION DATE .—The 
term ‘‘eligibility determination date’’ means the date used to determine eligibility for public elementary school in the community in which the eligible local entity involved is located. 
(7) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eli-
gible local entity’’ means— 
(A) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school or a charter management or-ganization that acts as a local educational 
agency, or an educational service agency in partnership with a local educational agency; 
(B) an entity (including a Head Start pro-
gram or licensed child care setting) that car-ries out, administers, or supports an early childhood education program; or 
(C) a consortium of entities described in 
subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(8) F
ULL-DAY.—The term ‘‘full-day’’ means 
a day that is— 
(A) equivalent to a full school day at the 
public elementary schools in a State; and 
(B) not less than 5 hours a day. (9) G
OVERNOR .—The term ‘‘Governor’’ 
means the chief executive officer of a State. 
(10) H IGH-QUALITY PREKINDERGARTEN PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘high-quality prekinder-
garten program’’ means a prekindergarten program supported by an eligible local enti-ty that includes, at a minimum, the fol-lowing elements based on nationally recog-nized standards: 
(A) Serves children who— (i) are age 4 or children who are age 3 or 4, 
by the eligibility determination date (includ-ing children who turn age 5 while attending the program); or (ii) have attained the legal age for State- 
funded prekindergarten. 
(B) Requires high qualifications for staff, 
including that teachers meet the require-ments of 1 of the following clauses: 
(i) The teacher has a bachelor’s degree in 
early childhood education or a related field with coursework that demonstrates com-petence in early childhood education. 
(ii) The teacher— (I) has a bachelor’s degree in any field; (II) has demonstrated knowledge of early 
childhood education by passing a State-ap-proved assessment in early childhood edu-cation; 
(III) while employed as a teacher in the 
prekindergarten program, is engaged in on-going professional development in early childhood education for not less than 2 years; and 
(IV) not more than 4 years after starting 
employment as a teacher in the prekinder-garten program, enrolls in and completes a State-approved educator preparation pro-gram in which the teacher receives training and support in early childhood education. 
(iii) The teacher has bachelor’s degree with 
a credential, license, or endorsement that demonstrates competence in early childhood education. 
(C) Maintains an evidence-based maximum 
class size. 
(D) Maintains an evidence-based child to 
instructional staff ratio. 
(E) Offers a full-day program. (F) Provides developmentally appropriate 
learning environments and evidence-based curricula that are aligned with the State’s early learning and development standards described in section 10305(1). 
(G) Offers instructional staff salaries com-
parable to kindergarten through grade 12 teaching staff. 
(H) Provides for ongoing monitoring and 
program evaluation to ensure continuous im-provement. 
(I) Offers accessible comprehensive services 
for children that include, at a minimum— 
(i) screenings for vision, hearing, dental, 
health (including mental health), and devel-opment (including early literacy and math skill development) and referrals, and assist-ance obtaining services, when appropriate; 
(ii) family engagement opportunities that 
take into account home language, such as parent conferences (including parent input about their child’s development) and support services, such as parent education, home vis-iting, and family literacy services; 
(iii) nutrition services, including nutri-
tious meals and snack options aligned with 
requirements set by the most recent Child and Adult Care Food Program guidelines promulgated by the Department of Agri-culture as well as regular, age-appropriate, nutrition education for children and their families; 
(iv) programs in coordination with local 
educational agencies and entities providing services and supports authorized under part B and part C of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.; 1431 et seq.) to ensure the full participation of children with disabilities; 
(v) physical activity programs aligned with 
evidence-based guidelines, such as those rec-ommended by the Institute of Medicine, and which take into account and accommodate children with disabilities; 
(vi) additional support services, as appro-
priate, based on the findings of the commu-nity assessment, as described in section 10311(b)(4); and 
(vii) on-site coordination, to the maximum 
extent practicable. 
(J) Provides high-quality professional de-
velopment for all staff, including regular in- classroom observation for teachers and teacher assistants by individuals trained in 
such observation and which may include evi-dence-based coaching. 
(K) Meets the education performance 
standards in effect under section 641A(a)(1)(B) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9836a(a)(1)(B)). 
(L) Maintains evidence-based health and 
safety standards. 
(M) Maintains disciplinary policies that do 
not include expulsion or suspension of par-ticipating children, except as a last resort in extraordinary circumstances where— 
(i) there is a determination of a serious 
safety threat; and 
(ii) policies are in place to provide appro-
priate alternative early educational services to expelled or suspended children while they are out of school. 
(11) H
OMELESS CHILD .—The term ‘‘homeless 
child’’ means a child or youth described in 
section 725(2) of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a(2)). 
(12) I
NDIAN TRIBE ; TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .— 
The terms ‘‘Indian tribe’’ and ‘‘tribal organi-zation’’ have the meanings given the terms in 658P of the Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858n). 
(13) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
(14) L
IMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT .—The 
term ‘‘limited English proficient’’ has the meaning given the term in section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832). 
(15) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; STATE  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; EDUCATIONAL SERVICE  
AGENCY .—The terms ‘‘local educational agen-
cy’’, ‘‘State educational agency’’, and ‘‘edu-cational service agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(16) M
IGRATORY CHILD .—The term ‘‘migra-
tory child’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1309 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6399). 
(17) O
UTLYING AREA .—The term ‘‘outlying 
area’’ means each of the United States Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and the Republic of Palau, the Fed-erated States of Micronesia, and the Repub-lic of the Marshall Islands. 
(18) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty 
line’’ means the official poverty line (as de-fined by the Office of Management and Budg-et)— 
(A) adjusted to reflect the percentage 
change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor for the most recent 12-month period or other interval for which the data are available; and 
(B) applicable to a family of the size in-
volved. 
(19) S
ECONDARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘sec-
ondary school’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(20) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(21) S TATE .—Except as otherwise provided 
in this subpart, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas. 
(22) S
TATE ADVISORY COUNCIL ON EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE .—The term 
‘‘State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care’’ means the State Advi-sory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care established under section 642B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4866 July 8, 2015 
SEC. 10303. PROGRAM AUTHORIZATION. 
From amounts made available to carry out 
this subpart, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award grants to States to im-plement high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams, consistent with the purposes of this subpart described in section 10301. For each fiscal year, the funds provided under a grant to a State shall equal the allotment deter-mined for the State under section 10304. 
SEC. 10304. ALLOTMENTS AND RESERVATIONS OF 
FUNDS. 
(a) R ESERVATION .—From the amount made 
available each fiscal year to carry out this subpart, the Secretary shall— 
(1) reserve not less than 1 percent and not 
more than 2 percent for payments to Indian tribes and tribal organizations; 
(2) reserve one-half of 1 percent for the out-
lying areas to be distributed among the out-lying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary in ac-cordance with the purposes of this subpart; 
(3) reserve one-half of 1 percent for eligible 
local entities that serve children in families who are engaged in migrant or seasonal agri-cultural labor; and 
(4) reserve not more than 1 percent or 
$30,000,000, whichever amount is less, for na-tional activities, including administration, technical assistance, and evaluation. 
(b) A
LLOTMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount made 
available each fiscal year to carry out this subpart and not reserved under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make allotments to States in accordance with paragraph (2) that have submitted an approved application. 
(2) A
LLOTMENT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall allot the amount made available under paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year among the States in proportion to the number of children who are age 4 who re-side within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line for the most recent year for which satisfactory data are available, com-pared to the number of such children who re-side in all such States for that fiscal year. 
(B) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENT AMOUNT .—No 
State receiving an allotment under subpara-graph (A) may receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such subparagraph. 
(3) R
EALLOTMENT AND CARRY OVER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If one or more States do 
not receive an allotment under this sub-section for any fiscal year, the Secretary may use the amount of the allotment for that State or States, in such amounts as the Secretary determines appropriate, for either or both of the following: 
(i) To increase the allotments of States 
with approved applications for the fiscal year, consistent with subparagraph (B). 
(ii) To carry over the funds to the next fis-
cal year. 
(B) R
EALLOTMENT .—In increasing allot-
ments under subparagraph (A)(i), the Sec-retary shall allot to each State with an ap-proved application an amount that bears the same relationship to the total amount to be allotted under subparagraph (A)(i), as the amount the State received under paragraph (2) for that fiscal year bears to the amount that all States received under paragraph (2) for that fiscal year. 
(4) S
TATE .—For purposes of this subsection, 
the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
(c) F
LEXIBILITY .—The Secretary may make 
minimal adjustments to allotments under subsection (b), which shall neither lead to a significant increase or decrease in a State’s allotment determined under subsection (b), based on a set of factors, such as the level of 
program participation and the estimated cost of the activities specified in the State plan under section 10306(2). 
SEC. 10305. STATE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA. 
A State is eligible to receive a grant under 
this subpart if the State demonstrates to the Secretary that the State— 
(1) has established or will establish early 
learning and development standards that— 
(A) describe what children from birth to 
kindergarten entry should know and be able to do; 
(B) are universally designed and develop-
mentally, culturally, and linguistically ap-propriate; 
(C) are aligned with the State’s chal-
lenging academic content standards and challenging student academic achievement standards, as adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)); and 
(D) cover all of the essential domains of 
school readiness, which address— 
(i) physical well-being and motor develop-
ment; 
(ii) social and emotional development; (iii) approaches to learning, including cre-
ative arts expression; 
(iv) developmentally appropriate oral and 
written language and literacy development; and 
(v) cognition and general knowledge, in-
cluding early mathematics and early sci-entific development; 
(2) has the ability or will develop the abil-
ity to link prekindergarten data with State elementary school and secondary school data for the purpose of collecting longitudinal in-formation for all children participating in the State’s high-quality prekindergarten program and any other federally funded early childhood program that will remain with the child through the child’s public edu-cation through grade 12; 
(3) offers State-funded kindergarten for 
children who are eligible children for that service in the State; and 
(4) has established a State Advisory Coun-
cil on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
SEC. 10306. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
To receive a grant under this subpart, the 
Governor of a State, in consultation with the Indian tribes and tribal organizations in the State, if any, shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. At a min-imum, each such application shall include— 
(1) an assurance that the State— (A) will coordinate with and continue to 
participate in the programs authorized under section 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419; 1431 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711) for the duration of the grant; 
(B) will designate a State-level entity 
(such as an agency or joint interagency of-fice), selected by the Governor, for the ad-ministration of the grant, which shall co-ordinate and consult with the State edu-cational agency if the entity is not the State educational agency; and 
(C) will establish, or certify the existence 
of, program standards for all State pre-kindergarten programs consistent with the definition of a high-quality prekindergarten program under section 10302; 
(2) a description of the State’s plan to— (A) use funds received under this subpart 
and the State’s matching funds to provide high-quality prekindergarten programs, in accordance with section 10307(d), with open enrollment for all children in the State 
who— 
(i) are described insection 10302(10)(A);and (ii) are from families with incomes at or 
below 200 percent of the poverty line; 
(B) develop or enhance a system for moni-
toring eligible local entities that are receiv-ing funds under this subpart for compliance with quality standards developed by the State and to provide program improvement support, which may be accomplished through the use of a State-developed system for qual-ity rating and improvement; 
(C) if applicable, expand participation in 
the State’s high-quality prekindergarten programs to children from families with in-comes above 200 percent of the poverty line; 
(D) carry out the State’s comprehensive 
early learning assessment system, or how the State plans to develop such a system, en-suring that any assessments are culturally, developmentally, and age-appropriate and consistent with the recommendations from the study on Developmental Outcomes and Assessments for Young Children by the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, consistent with section 649(j) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9844); 
(E) develop, implement, and make publicly 
available the performance measures and tar-gets described in section 10309; 
(F) increase the number of teachers with 
bachelor’s degrees in early childhood edu-cation, or with bachelor’s degrees in another closely related field and specialized training and demonstrated competency in early child-hood education, including how institutions of higher education will support increasing the number of teachers with such degrees and training, including through the use of assessments of prior learning, knowledge, and skills to facilitate and expedite attain-ment of such degrees; 
(G) coordinate and integrate the activities 
funded under this subpart with Federal, State, and local services and programs that support early childhood education and care, including programs supported under this subpart, the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the tem-porary assistance for needy families program under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Race to the Top program under section 14006 of divi-sion A of the American Recovery and Rein-
vestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), fed-erally funded early literacy programs, the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), health improvements to child care funded under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), the program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.), the innovation fund program under section 14007 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), programs authorized under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.), the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351), grants for infant and toddler care through Early Head Start-Child Care Partnerships funded under the heading ‘‘
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PRO -
GRAMS ’’ under the heading ADMINISTRATION  
FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES in title II of divi-
sion H of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 377–378), the pre-school development grants program funded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4867 July 8, 2015 
under the heading ‘‘ INNOVATION AND IMPROVE -
MENT ’’ in title III of division G of the Depart-
ment of Education Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2496), and any other Federal, State, or local early child-hood education programs used in the State; 
(H) award subgrants to eligible local enti-
ties, and in awarding such subgrants, facili-tate a delivery system of high-quality pre-kindergarten programs that includes diverse providers, such as providers in community- based, public school, and private settings, and consider the system’s impact on options for families; 
(I) in the case of a State that does not have 
a State-determined funding mechanism for prekindergarten, use objective criteria in awarding subgrants to eligible local entities that will implement high-quality prekinder-garten programs, including actions the State will take to ensure that eligible local enti-ties will coordinate with local educational agencies or other early learning providers, as appropriate, to carry out activities to pro-vide children served under this subpart with a successful transition from preschool into kindergarten, which activities shall in-clude— 
(i) aligning curricular objectives and in-
struction; 
(ii) providing staff professional develop-
ment, including opportunities for joint-pro-fessional development on early learning and kindergarten through grade 3 standards, as-sessments, and curricula; 
(iii) coordinating family engagement and 
support services; and 
(iv) encouraging the shared use of facilities 
and transportation, as appropriate; 
(J) use the State early learning and devel-
opment standards described in section 10305(1) to address the needs of dual language learners, including by incorporating bench-marks related to English language develop-ment; 
(K) identify barriers, and propose solutions 
to overcome such barriers, which may in-clude seeking assistance under section 10316, in the State to effectively use and integrate Federal, State, and local public funds and private funds for early childhood education that are available to the State on the date on which the application is submitted; 
(L) support articulation agreements (as de-
fined in section 486A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1093a)) between public 2-year and public 4-year institutions of high-er education and other credit-bearing profes-sional development in the State for early childhood teacher preparation programs and closely related fields; 
(M) ensure that the higher education pro-
grams in the State have the capacity to pre-pare a workforce to provide high-quality pre-kindergarten programs; 
(N) support workforce development, in-
cluding State and local policies that support prekindergarten instructional staff’s ability to earn a degree, certification, or other spe-cializations or qualifications, including poli-cies on leave, substitutes, and child care services, including non-traditional hour child care; 
(O) hold eligible local entities accountable 
for use of funds; 
(P) ensure that the State’s early learning 
and development standards are integrated into the instructional and programmatic practices of high-quality prekindergarten programs and related programs and services, such as those provided to children under sec-tion 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq.); 
(Q) increase the number of children in the 
State who are enrolled in high-quality kin-dergarten programs and carry out a strategy to implement such a plan; (R) coordinate the State’s activities sup-
ported by grants under this subpart with ac-tivities in State plans required under the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.); 
(S) encourage eligible local entities to co-
ordinate with community-based learning re-sources, such as libraries, arts and arts edu-cation programs, appropriate media pro-grams, family literacy programs, public parks and recreation programs, museums, nutrition education programs, and programs supported by the Corporation for National and Community Service; 
(T) work with eligible local entities, in 
consultation with elementary school prin-cipals, to ensure that high-quality pre-kindergarten programs have sufficient and appropriate facilities to meet the needs of children eligible for prekindergarten; 
(U) support local early childhood coordi-
nating entities, such as local early childhood councils, if applicable, and help such entities to coordinate early childhood education pro-grams with high-quality prekindergarten programs to ensure effective and efficient de-livery of early childhood education program services; 
(V) support shared services administering 
entities, if applicable; 
(W) ensure that the provision of high-qual-
ity prekindergarten programs will not lead to a diminution in the quality or supply of services for infants and toddlers or disrupt the care of infants and toddlers in the geo-graphic area served by the eligible local enti-ty, which may include demonstrating that the State will direct funds to provide high- quality early childhood education and care to infants and toddlers in accordance with section 10307(d); and 
(X) encourage or promote socioeconomic, 
racial, and ethnic diversity in the classrooms of high-quality prekindergarten programs, as applicable; and 
(3) an inventory of the State’s higher edu-
cation programs that prepare individuals for work in a high-quality prekindergarten pro-gram, including— 
(A) certification programs; (B) associate degree programs; (C) baccalaureate degree programs; (D) masters degree programs; and (E) other programs that lead to a speciali-
zation in early childhood education, or a re-lated field. 
SEC. 10307. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
(a) R ESERVATION FOR QUALITY IMPROVE -
MENT ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subpart may reserve, for not more than the first 4 years such State re-ceives such a grant, not more than 20 percent of the grant funds for quality improvement activities that support the elements of high- quality prekindergarten programs. Such quality improvement activities may include supporting teachers, center directors, and principals in a State’s high-quality pre-kindergarten program, licensed or regulated child care, or Head Start programs to enable such teachers, principals, or directors to earn a baccalaureate degree in early child-hood education, or a closely related field, through activities which may include— 
(A) expanding or establishing scholarships, 
counseling, and compensation initiatives to cover the cost of tuition, fees, materials, transportation, and release time for such teachers; 
(B) providing ongoing professional develop-
ment opportunities, including regular in- classroom observation by individuals trained 
in such observation, for such teachers, direc-tors, principals, and teachers assistants to enable such teachers, directors, principals, and teachers assistants to carry out the ele-ments of high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams, which may include activities that ad-dress— 
(i) promoting children’s development 
across all of the essential domains of early learning and development; 
(ii) developmentally appropriate curricula 
and teacher-child interaction; 
(iii) effective family engagement; (iv) providing culturally competent in-
struction; 
(v) working with a diversity of children 
and families, including children with disabil-ities and dual language learners; 
(vi) childhood nutrition and physical edu-
cation programs; 
(vii) supporting the implementation of evi-
dence-based curricula; 
(viii) social and emotional development; 
and 
(ix) incorporating age-appropriate strate-
gies of positive behavioral interventions and supports; and 
(C) providing families with increased op-
portunities to learn how best to support their children’s physical, cognitive, social, and emotional development during the first 5 years of life. 
(2) N
OT SUBJECT TO MATCHING .—The amount 
reserved under paragraph (1) shall not be subject to the matching requirements under section 10310. 
(3) C
OORDINATION .—A State that reserves 
an amount under paragraph (1) shall coordi-nate the use of such amount with activities funded under section 658G of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858e) and the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.). 
(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—A State may not use 
funds reserved under this subsection to meet the requirement described in 10302(10)(G). 
(b) S
UBGRANTS FOR HIGH-QUALITY PRE-
KINDERGARTEN PROGRAMS .—A State that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart shall award subgrants of sufficient size to eligible local entities to enable such eligible local entities to implement high-quality prekindergarten programs for children who— 
(1) are described insection 10302(10)(A); (2) reside within the State; and (3) are from families with incomes at or 
below 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—A State that receives 
a grant under this subpart may reserve not more than 1 percent of the grant funds for administration of the grant, and may use part of that reservation for the maintenance of the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
(d) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE 
PROGRAMS FOR INFANTS AND TODDLERS .— 
(1) U SE OF ALLOTMENT FOR INFANTS AND  
TODDLERS .—An eligible State may apply to 
use, and the appropriate Secretary may grant permission for the State to use, not more than 15 percent of the funds made available through a grant received under this subpart to award subgrants to early child-hood education programs to provide, con-sistent with the State’s early learning and development guidelines for infants and tod-dlers, high-quality early childhood education and care to infants and toddlers who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the pov-erty line. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to use the 
grant funds as described in paragraph (1), the State shall submit an application to the ap-propriate Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. Such application 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4868 July 8, 2015 
shall, at a minimum, include a description of 
how the State will— 
(A) designate a lead agency which shall ad-
minister such funds; 
(B) ensure that such lead agency, in coordi-
nation with the State’s Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care, will collaborate with other agencies in admin-istering programs supported under this sub-section for infants and toddlers in order to obtain input about the appropriate use of such funds and ensure coordination with pro-grams for infants and toddlers funded under the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) (including any Early Learning Quality Partnerships es-tablished in the State under section 645B of the Head Start Act, as added by section 202), the Race to the Top program under section 14006 of division A of the American Recovery 
and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), the maternal, infant, and early child-hood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), and grants for infant and toddler care through Early Head Start-Child Care Part-nerships funded under the heading ‘‘
CHILDREN  
AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS ’’ under the 
heading ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND  
FAMILIES in title II of division H of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 377–378); 
(C) ensure that infants and toddlers who 
benefit from amounts made available under this subsection will transition to and have the opportunity to participate in a high- quality prekindergarten program supported under this subpart; 
(D) in awarding subgrants, give preference 
to early childhood education programs that have a written formal plan with baseline data, benchmarks, and timetables to in-crease access to and full participation in high-quality prekindergarten programs for children who need additional support, includ-ing children with developmental delays or disabilities, children who are dual language learners, homeless children, children who are in foster care, children of migrant families, children eligible for a free or reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), or children in the child welfare system; and 
(E) give priority to activities carried out 
under this subsection that will increase ac-cess to high-quality early childhood edu-cation programs for infants and toddlers in local areas with significant concentrations of low-income families that do not currently benefit from such programs. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE PROVIDERS .—A State may use 
the grant funds as described in paragraph (1) to serve infants and toddlers only by work-ing with early childhood education program providers that— 
(A) offer full-day, full-year care, or other-
wise meet the needs of working families; and 
(B) meet high-quality standards, such as— (i) Early Head Start program performance 
standards under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.); or 
(ii) high-quality, demonstrated, valid, and 
reliable program standards that have been established through a national entity that accredits early childhood education pro-grams. 
(4) F
EDERAL ADMINISTRATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall bear 
responsibility for obligating and disbursing funds to support activities under this sub-section and ensuring compliance with appli-cable laws and administrative requirements, subject to paragraph (3). (B) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Education and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall jointly ad-minister activities supported under this sub-section on such terms as such Secretaries shall set forth in an interagency agreement. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall be responsible for any final approval of a State’s application under this subsection that addresses the use of funds designated for services to infants and toddlers. 
(C) A
PPROPRIATE SECRETARY .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘appropriate Secretary’’ used with respect to a function, means the Secretary designated for that function under the interagency agreement. 
SEC. 10308. ADDITIONAL PREKINDERGARTEN 
SERVICES. 
(a) P REKINDERGARTEN FOR 3-YEAR-OLDS.— 
Each State that certifies to the Secretary that the State provides universally avail-able, voluntary, high-quality prekinder-garten programs for 4-year-old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line may use the State’s allocation under section 10304(b) to provide high-quality prekindergarten programs for 3-year-old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(b) S
UBGRANTS .—In each State that has a 
city, county, or local educational agency that provides universally available high- quality prekindergarten programs for 4-year- old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line the State may use amounts from the State’s allocation under section 10304(b) to award subgrants to eligible local entities to enable such eligible local entities to provide high-quality pre-kindergarten programs for 3-year-old chil-dren who are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line and who reside in such city, county, or local edu-cational agency. 
SEC. 10309. PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND TAR-
GETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subpart shall develop, im-plement, and make publicly available the performance measures and targets for the ac-tivities carried out with grant funds. Such measures shall, at a minimum, track the State’s progress in— 
(1) increasing school readiness across all 
domains for all categories of children, as de-scribed in section 10313(b)(7), including chil-dren with disabilities and dual language learners; 
(2) narrowing school readiness gaps be-
tween minority and nonminority children, and low-income children and more advan-taged children, in preparation for kinder-garten entry; 
(3) decreasing the number of years that 
children receive special education and re-lated services as described in part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.); 
(4) increasing the number of programs 
meeting the criteria for high-quality pre-kindergarten programs across all types of local eligible entities, as defined by the State and in accordance with section 10302; 
(5) decreasing the need for grade-to-grade 
retention in elementary school; 
(6) if applicable, ensuring that high-quality 
prekindergarten programs do not experience instances of chronic absence among the chil-dren who participate in such programs; 
(7) increasing the number and percentage 
of low-income children in high-quality early childhood education programs that receive financial support through funds provided under this subpart; and (8) providing high-quality nutrition serv-
ices, nutrition education, physical activity, and obesity prevention programs. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION OF MISDIAGNOSIS PRAC-
TICES .—A State shall not, in order to meet 
the performance measures and targets de-scribed in subsection (a), engage in practices or policies that will lead to the misdiagnosis or under-diagnosis of disabilities or develop-mental delays among children who are served through programs supported under this subpart. 
SEC. 10310. MATCHING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M ATCHING FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a State that receives a grant under this subpart shall provide matching funds from non-Federal sources, as described in subsection (c), in an amount equal to— 
(A) 10 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the first year of grant administration; 
(B) 10 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
(C) 20 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the third year of grant ad-ministration; 
(D) 30 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the fourth year of grant administration; and 
(E) 40 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant ad-ministration. 
(2) R
EDUCED MATCH RATE .—A State that 
meets the requirements under subsection (b) may provide matching funds from non-Fed-eral sources at a reduced rate. The full re-duced matching funds rate shall be in an amount equal to— 
(A) 5 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the first year of grant ad-ministration; 
(B) 5 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
(C) 10 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the third year of grant ad-ministration; 
(D) 20 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the fourth year of grant administration; and 
(E) 30 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant ad-ministration. 
(b) R
EDUCED MATCH RATE ELIGIBILITY .—A 
State that receives a grant under this sub-part may provide matching funds from non- Federal sources at the full reduced rate under subsection (a)(2) if the State, across all publicly funded programs (including lo-cally funded programs)— 
(1)(A) offers enrollment in high-quality 
prekindergarten programs to not less than half of children in the State who are— 
(i) age 4 on the eligibility determination 
date; and 
(ii) from families with incomes at or below 
200 percent of the poverty line; and 
(B) has a plan for continuing to expand ac-
cess to high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams for such children in the State; and 
(2) has a plan to expand access to high- 
quality prekindergarten programs to chil-dren from moderate income families whose income exceeds 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(c) N
ON-FEDERAL RESOURCES .— 
(1) I N CASH .—A State shall provide the 
matching funds under this section in cash with non-Federal resources which may in-clude State funding, local funding, or con-tributions from philanthropy or other pri-vate sources, or a combination thereof. 
(2) F
UNDS TO BE CONSIDERED AS MATCHING  
FUNDS .—A State may include, as part of the 
State’s matching funds under this section, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4869 July 8, 2015 
not more than 10 percent of the amount of 
State or local funds designated for State or local prekindergarten programs or to supple-ment Head Start programs under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) as of the date of enactment of this Act, but may not include any funds that are attributed as matching funds, as part of a non-Federal share, or as a maintenance of effort require-ment, for any other Federal program. 
(d) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If a State reduces its com-
bined fiscal effort per student or the aggre-gate expenditures within the State to sup-port early childhood education programs for any fiscal year that a State receives a grant authorized under this subpart relative to the previous fiscal year, the Secretary shall re-duce support for such State under this sub-part by the same amount as the decline in State effort for such fiscal year. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
requirements of paragraph (1) if— 
(A) the Secretary determines that a waiver 
would be appropriate due to a precipitous de-cline in the financial resources of a State as a result of unforeseen economic hardship or a natural disaster that has necessitated across-the-board reductions in State serv-ices, including early childhood education programs; or 
(B) due to the circumstances of a State re-
quiring reductions in specific programs, in-cluding early childhood education, if the State presents to the Secretary a justifica-tion and demonstration why other programs could not be reduced and how early child-hood programs in the State will not be dis-proportionately harmed by such State ac-tion. 
(e) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds received under this subpart shall be used to supplement and not supplant other Federal, State, and local public funds ex-pended on public prekindergarten programs in the State. 
SEC. 10311. ELIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITY APPLICA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible local entity 
desiring to receive a subgrant under section 10307(b) shall submit an application to the State, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State may reasonably require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) P
ARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT .—A 
description of how the eligible local entity plans to engage the parents and families of the children such entity serves and ensure that parents and families of eligible chil-dren, as described in clauses (i) and (ii) of section 10306(2)(A), are aware of the services provided by the eligible local entity, which shall include a plan to— 
(A) carry out meaningful parent and fam-
ily engagement, through the implementation and replication of evidence-based or prom-ising practices and strategies, which shall be coordinated with parent and family engage-ment strategies supported under the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), part A of title I and title V of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.; 7201 et seq.), and strategies in the Head Start Parent, Family, and Community Engage-ment Framework, if applicable, to— 
(i) provide parents and family members 
with the skills and opportunities necessary to become engaged and effective partners in their children’s education, particularly the families of dual language learners and chil-dren with disabilities, which may include ac-cess to family literacy services; 
(ii) improve child development; and (iii) strengthen relationships among pre-
kindergarten staff and parents and family members; and 
(B) participate in community outreach to 
encourage families with eligible children to participate in the eligible local entity’s high-quality prekindergarten program, in-cluding— 
(i) homeless children; (ii) dual language learners; (iii) children in foster care; (iv) children with disabilities; and (v) migrant children. (2) C
OORDINATION AND ALIGNMENT .—A de-
scription of how the eligible local entity will— 
(A) coordinate, if applicable, the eligible 
local entity’s activities with— 
(i) Head Start agencies (consistent with 
section 642(e)(5) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837(e)(5))), if the local entity is not a Head Start agency; 
(ii) local educational agencies, if the eligi-
ble local entity is not a local educational agency; 
(iii) providers of services under part C of 
the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.); 
(iv) programs carried out under section 619 
of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1419); and 
(v) if feasible, other entities carrying out 
early childhood education programs and services within the area served by the local educational agency; 
(B) develop a process to promote con-
tinuity of developmentally appropriate in-structional programs and shared expecta-tions with local elementary schools for chil-dren’s learning and development as children transition to kindergarten; 
(C) organize, if feasible, and participate in 
joint training, when available, including transition-related training for school staff and early childhood education program staff; 
(D) establish comprehensive transition 
policies and procedures, with applicable ele-mentary schools and principals, for the chil-dren served by the eligible local entity that support the school readiness of children transitioning to kindergarten, including the transfer of early childhood education pro-gram records, with parental consent; 
(E) conduct outreach to parents, families, 
and elementary school teachers and prin-cipals to discuss the educational, develop-mental, and other needs of children entering kindergarten; 
(F) help parents, including parents of chil-
dren who are dual language learners, under-stand and engage with the instructional and 
other services provided by the kindergarten in which such child will enroll after partici-pation in a high-quality prekindergarten program; and 
(G) develop and implement a system to in-
crease program participation of underserved populations of eligible children, especially homeless children, children eligible for a free or reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), parents of children who are dual language learners, and parents of children with disabilities. 
(3) F
ULL PARTICIPATION OF ALL CHILDREN .— 
A description of how the eligible local entity will meet the diverse needs of children in the community to be served, including children with disabilities, dual language learners, children who need additional support, chil-dren in the State foster care system, and homeless children. Such description shall demonstrate, at a minimum, how the entity plans to— 
(A) ensure the eligible local entity’s high- 
quality prekindergarten program is acces-sible and appropriate for children with dis-abilities and dual language learners; (B) establish effective procedures for en-
suring use of evidence-based practices in as-sessment and instruction, including use of data for progress monitoring of child per-formance and provision of technical assist-ance support for staff to ensure fidelity with evidence-based practices; 
(C) establish effective procedures for time-
ly referral of children with disabilities to en-tities authorized under part B and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.; 1431 et seq.); 
(D) ensure that the eligible local entity’s 
high-quality prekindergarten program works with appropriate entities to address the elimination of barriers to immediate and continuous enrollment for homeless chil-dren; and 
(E) ensure access to and continuity of en-
rollment in high-quality prekindergarten programs for migratory children, if applica-
ble, and homeless children, including through policies and procedures that re-quire— 
(i) outreach to identify migratory children 
and homeless children; 
(ii) immediate enrollment, including en-
rollment during the period of time when doc-uments typically required for enrollment, in-cluding health and immunization records, proof of eligibility, and other documents, are obtained; 
(iii) continuous enrollment and participa-
tion in the same high-quality prekinder-garten program for a child, even if the child moves out of the program’s service area, if that enrollment and participation are in the child’s best interest, including by providing transportation when necessary; 
(iv) professional development for high- 
quality prekindergarten program staff re-garding migratory children and homeless-ness among families with young children; and 
(v) in serving homeless children, collabora-
tion with local educational agency liaisons designated under section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(1)(J)(ii)), and local homeless service providers. 
(4) A
CCESSIBLE COMPREHENSIVE SERVICES .— 
A description of how the eligible local entity plans to provide accessible comprehensive services, described in section 10302(10)(I), to the children the eligible local entity serves. Such description shall provide information on how the entity will— 
(A) conduct a data-driven community as-
sessment in coordination with members of the community, including parents and com-munity organizations, or use a recently con-ducted data-driven assessment, which— 
(i) may involve an external partner with 
expertise in conducting such needs analysis, to determine the most appropriate social or other support services to offer through the eligible local entity’s on-site comprehensive services to children who participate in high- quality prekindergarten programs; and 
(ii) shall consider the resources available 
at the school, local educational agency, and community levels to address the needs of the community and improve child outcomes; and 
(B) have a coordinated system to facilitate 
the screening, referral, and provision of serv-ices related to health, nutrition, mental health, disability, and family support for children served by the eligible local entity. 
(5) W
ORKFORCE .—A description of how the 
eligible local entity plans to support the in-structional staff of such entity’s high-qual-ity prekindergarten program, which shall, at a minimum, include a plan to provide high- quality professional development, or facili-tate the provision of high-quality profes-sional development through an external partner with expertise and a demonstrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4870 July 8, 2015 
track record of success, based on scientif-
ically valid research, that will improve the knowledge and skills of high-quality pre-kindergarten teachers and staff through ac-tivities, which may include— 
(A) acquiring content knowledge and learn-
ing teaching strategies needed to provide ef-fective instruction that addresses the State’s early learning and development standards described under section 10305(1), including professional training to support the social and emotional development of children; 
(B) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to pursue specialized training in early childhood development; 
(C) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appro-priate language and support services to in-crease the English language skills of dual language learners; 
(D) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide developmentally appro-priate instruction for children with disabil-ities; 
(E) promoting classroom management; (F) providing high-quality induction and 
support for incoming high-quality prekinder-garten teachers and staff in high-quality pre-kindergarten programs, including through the use of mentoring programs and coaching that have a demonstrated track record of 
success; 
(G) promoting the acquisition of relevant 
credentials, including in ways that support career advancement through career ladders; and 
(H) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide culturally competent instruction for children from diverse back-grounds. 
SEC. 10312. REQUIRED SUBGRANT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible local entity 
that receives a subgrant under section 10307(b) shall use subgrant funds to imple-ment the elements of a high-quality pre-kindergarten program for the children de-scribed in section 10307(b). 
(b) C
OORDINATION .— 
(1) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PARTNER -
SHIPS WITH LOCAL EARLY CHILDHOOD EDU -
CATION PROGRAMS .—A local educational agen-
cy that receives a subgrant under this sub-part shall provide an assurance that the local educational agency will enter into strong partnerships with local early child-hood education programs, including pro-grams supported through the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITIES THAT ARE NOT  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—An eligible 
local entity that is not a local educational agency that receives a subgrant under this subpart shall provide an assurance that such entity will enter into strong partnerships with local educational agencies. 
SEC. 10313. REPORT AND EVALUATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State that receives 
a grant under this subpart shall prepare an annual report, in such manner and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—A report prepared under 
subsection (a) shall contain, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of the manner in which 
the State has used the funds made available through the grant and a report of the ex-penditures made with the funds; 
(2) a summary of the State’s progress to-
ward providing access to high-quality pre-kindergarten programs for children eligible for such services, as determined by the State, from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line, includ-ing the percentage of funds spent on children from families with incomes— (A) at or below 100 percent of the poverty 
line; 
(B) at or below between 101 and 150 percent 
of the poverty line; and 
(C) at or below between 151 and 200 percent 
of the poverty line; 
(3) an evaluation of the State’s progress to-
ward achieving the State’s performance tar-gets, described in section 10309; 
(4) data on the number of high-quality pre-
kindergarten program teachers and staff in the State (including teacher turnover rates and teacher compensation levels compared to teachers in elementary schools and sec-ondary schools), according to the setting in which such teachers and staff work (which settings shall include, at a minimum, Head Start programs, public prekindergarten, and child care programs) who received training or education during the period of the grant and remained in the early childhood edu-cation program field; 
(5) data on the kindergarten readiness of 
children in the State; 
(6) a description of the State’s progress in 
effectively using Federal, State, and local public funds and private funds, for early childhood education; 
(7) the number and percentage of children 
in the State participating in high-quality prekindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners; 
(8) data on the availability, affordability, 
and quality of infant and toddler care in the State; 
(9) the number of operational minutes per 
week and per year for each eligible local en-tity that receives a subgrant; 
(10) the local educational agency and zip 
code in which each eligible local entity that receives a subgrant operates; 
(11) information, for each of the local edu-
cational agencies described in paragraph (10), on the percentage of the costs of the public early childhood education programs that is funded from Federal, from State, and from 
local sources, including the percentages from specific funding programs; 
(12) data on the number and percentage of 
children in the State participating in public kindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners, with information on whether such programs are offered— 
(A) for a full day; and (B) at no cost to families; (13) data on the number of individuals in 
the State who are supported with scholar-ships, if applicable, to meet the bachelor’s degree requirement for high-quality pre-kindergarten programs, as defined in section 10302; and 
(14) information on— (A) the rates of expulsion, suspension, and 
similar disciplinary action, of children in the State participating in high-quality pre-kindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, family income, child age, and disability; 
(B) the State’s progress in establishing 
policies on effective behavior management strategies and training that promote posi-tive social and emotional development to eliminate expulsions and suspensions of chil-dren participating in high-quality prekinder-garten programs; and 
(C) the State’s policies on providing early 
learning services to children in the State participating in high-quality prekinder-garten programs who have been suspended. 
(c) S
UBMISSION .—A State shall submit the 
annual report prepared under subsection (a), at the end of each fiscal year, to the Sec-retary, the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, and the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
(d) C
OOPERATION .—An eligible local entity 
that receives a subgrant under this subpart shall cooperate with all Federal and State efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of the program the entity implements with 
subgrant funds. 
(e) N
ATIONAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
compile and summarize the annual State re-ports described under subsection (c) and shall prepare and submit an annual report to Congress that includes a summary of such State reports. 
SEC. 10314. PROHIBITION OF REQUIRED PARTICI-
PATION OR USE OF FUNDS FOR AS-SESSMENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REQUIRED PARTICIPA -
TION.—A State receiving a grant under this 
subpart shall not require any child to par-ticipate in any Federal, State, local, or pri-vate early childhood education program, in-cluding a high-quality prekindergarten pro-gram. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR AS-
SESSMENT .—A State receiving a grant under 
this subpart and an eligible local entity re-ceiving a subgrant under this subpart shall not use any grant or subgrant funds to carry out any of the following activities: 
(1) An assessment that provides rewards or 
sanctions for individual children, teachers, or principals. 
(2) An assessment that is used as the pri-
mary or sole method for assessing program effectiveness. 
(3) Evaluating children, other than for the 
purposes of— 
(A) improving instruction or the classroom 
environment; 
(B) targeting professional development; (C) determining the need for health, men-
tal health, disability, or family support serv-ices; 
(D) program evaluation for the purposes of 
program improvement and parent informa-tion; and 
(E) improving parent and family engage-
ment. 
SEC. 10315. COORDINATION WITH HEAD START 
PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NCREASED ACCESS FOR YOUNGER CHIL-
DREN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall develop a process— 
(1) for use in the event that Head Start 
programs funded under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) operate in States or regions that have achieved sustained uni-versal, voluntary access to 4-year-old chil-dren who reside within the State and who are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line to high-quality prekindergarten programs; and 
(2) for how such Head Start programs will 
begin converting slots for children who are age 4 on the eligibility determination date to children who are age 3 on the eligibility de-termination date, or, when appropriate, con-verting Head Start programs into Early Head Start programs to serve infants and toddlers. 
(b) C
OMMUNITY NEED AND RESOURCES .—The 
process described in subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be carried out on a case-by-case basis 
and shall ensure that sufficient resources and time are allocated for the development of such a process so that no child or cohort is excluded from currently available serv-ices; and 
(2) ensure that any conversion shall be 
based on community need and not on the ag-gregate number of children served in a State or region that has achieved sustained, uni-versal, voluntary access to high-quality pre-kindergarten programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4871 July 8, 2015 
(c) P UBLIC COMMENT AND NOTICE .—Not 
fewer than 90 days after the development of the proposed process described in subsection (a), the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall publish a notice describing such proposed process for conversion in the Federal Register providing at least 90 days for public comment. The Sec-retaries shall review and consider public comments prior to finalizing the process for conversion of Head Start slots and programs. 
(d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Concurrently 
with publishing a notice in the Federal Reg-ister as described in subsection (c), the Sec-retaries shall provide a report to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate that provides a de-tailed description of the proposed process de-scribed in subsection (a), including a descrip-tion of the degree to which Head Start pro-grams are providing State-funded high-qual-ity prekindergarten programs as a result of the grant opportunity provided under this subpart in States where Head Start pro-grams are eligible for conversion described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 10316. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE IN PRO-
GRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
In providing technical assistance to carry 
out activities under this subpart, the Sec-retary shall coordinate that technical assist-ance, in appropriate cases, with technical as-sistance provided by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out the pro-grams authorized under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant and early childhood home visiting programs assisted under section 511 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 711). 
SEC. 10317. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
To carry out this subpart, there are au-
thorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated— 
(1) $1,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $3,250,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $5,780,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $7,580,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (5) $8,960,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
Subpart B—Prekindergarten Development 
Grants 
SEC. 10321. PREKINDERGARTEN DEVELOPMENT 
GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award competitive grants to States that wish to in-crease their capacity and build the infra-structure within the State to offer high- quality prekindergarten programs. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY OF STATES .—A State that is 
not receiving funds under subpart A may compete for grant funds under this section if the State provides an assurance that the State will, through the support of grant funds awarded under this section, meet the eligibility requirements of section 10305 not later than 3 years after the date the State first receives grant funds under this section. 
(c) G
RANT DURATION .—The Secretary shall 
award grants under this section for a period of not more than 3 years. Such grants shall not be renewed. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A Governor, or chief exec-
utive officer of a State that desires to re-ceive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner, and accom-panied by such information as the Secretary of Education may reasonably require, includ-ing, if applicable, a description of how the State plans to become eligible for grants under section 10305 by not later than 3 years 
after the date the State first receives grant funds under this section. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF STATE APPLICATION .— 
In developing an application for a grant under this section, a State shall consult with the State Advisory Council on Early Child-hood Education and Care and incorporate the Council’s recommendations, where applica-ble. 
(e) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under this section, a State shall con-tribute for the activities for which the grant was awarded non-Federal matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 20 percent of the amount of the grant. 
(2) N
ON-FEDERAL FUNDS .—To satisfy the re-
quirement of paragraph (1), a State may use— 
(A) non-Federal resources in the form of 
State funding, local funding, or contribu-tions from philanthropy or other private sources, or a combination of such resources; or 
(B) in-kind contributions. (3) F
INANCIAL HARDSHIP WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary may waive the requirement under paragraph (1) or reduce the amount of matching funds required under that para-graph for a State that has submitted an ap-plication for a grant under this subsection if the State demonstrates, in the application, a need for such a waiver or reduction due to extreme financial hardship, as determined by the Secretary. 
(f) S
UBGRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State awarded a grant 
under this section may use the grant funds to award subgrants to eligible local entities, as defined in section 10302, to carry out the activities under the grant. 
(2) S
UBGRANTEES .—An eligible local entity 
awarded a subgrant under paragraph (1) shall comply with the requirements of this section relating to grantees, as appropriate. 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To 
carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated, and there are appro-priated, $750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
Subpart C—Early Learning Quality 
Partnerships 
SEC. 10331. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this part are to— (1) increase the availability of, and access 
to, high-quality early childhood education and care programming for infants and tod-dlers; 
(2) support a higher quality of, and in-
crease capacity for, such programming in both child care centers and family child care homes; 
(3) encourage the provision of comprehen-
sive, coordinated full-day services and sup-ports for infants and toddlers; and 
(4) increase access to appropriate supports 
so children with disabilities and other chil-dren who need specialized supports can fully participate in high-quality early education programs. 
SEC. 10332. EARLY LEARNING QUALITY PARTNER-
SHIPS. 
The Head Start Act is amended— 
(1) by amending section 645A(e) (42 U.S.C. 
9840a(e)) to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) S ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .—The 
Secretary shall award grants under this sec-tion on a competitive basis to applicants meeting the criteria in subsection (d) (giving priority to entities with a record of pro-viding early, continuous, and comprehensive childhood development and family services and entities that agree to partner with a center-based or family child care provider to carry out the activities described in section 645B).’’; and (2) by inserting after section 645A the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 645B. EARLY LEARNING QUALITY PARTNER-
SHIPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make grants to Early Head Start agencies to enable the Early Head Start agencies to form early learning quality partnerships by partnering with center-based or family child care providers, particularly those that re-ceive support under the Child Care and De-velopment Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), that agree to meet the program per-formance standards described in section 641A(a)(1) and Early Head Start standards described in section 645A that are applicable to the ages of children served with funding and technical assistance from the Early Head Start agency. 
‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary shall award grants under this section in a manner consistent with section 645A(e). 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE PRIORITY .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applicants— 
‘‘(A) that propose to create strong align-
ment of programs with maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs as-sisted under section 511 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 711), State-funded pre-kindergarten programs, programs carried out under the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and other programs supported under this Act, to create a strong continuum of high-quality services for children from birth to school entry; and 
‘‘(B) that seek to work with child care pro-
viders across settings, including center- based and home-based programs. 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(A) R ESERVATION .—From funds appro-
priated to carry out this section, the Sec-retary shall reserve— 
‘‘(i) not less than 3 percent of such funds 
for Indian Head Start programs that serve young children; 
‘‘(ii) not less than 4.5 percent for migrant 
and seasonal Head Start programs that serve young children; and 
‘‘(iii) not less than 0.2 percent for programs 
funded under clause (iv) or (v) of section 640(a)(2)(B). 
‘‘(B) A
LLOCATION AMONG STATES .—The Sec-
retary shall allocate funds appropriated to carry out this section and not reserved under subparagraph (A) among the States propor-tionally based on the number of young chil-dren from families whose income is below the poverty line residing in such States. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY OF CHILDREN .—Partner-
ships formed through assistance provided under this section may serve children through age 3, and the standards applied to children in subsection (a) shall be consistent with those applied to 3-year-old children under this subchapter. 
‘‘(d) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—An Early Head Start 
agency that receives a grant under this sec-tion shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contractual relationship 
with a center-based or family child care pro-vider to raise the quality of such provider’s programs so that the provider meets the pro-gram performance standards described in subsection (a) through activities that may include— 
‘‘(A) expanding the center-based or family 
child care provider’s programs through fi-nancial support; 
‘‘(B) providing training, technical assist-
ance, and support to the provider in order to help the provider meet the program perform-ance standards, which may include sup-porting program and partner staff in earning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4872 July 8, 2015 
a child development associate credential, as-
sociate’s degree, or baccalaureate degree in early childhood education or a closely re-lated field for working with infants and tod-dlers; and 
‘‘(C) blending funds received under the 
Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) and the Early Head Start program carried out under sec-tion 645A in order to provide high-quality child care, for a full day, that meets the pro-gram performance standards; 
‘‘(2) develop and implement a proposal to 
recruit and enter into a contract with a cen-ter-based or family child care provider, par-ticularly a provider that serves children who receive assistance under the Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) create a clear and realizable timeline 
to increase the quality and capacity of a cen-ter-based or family child care provider so that the provider meets the program per-formance standards described in subsection (a); and 
‘‘(4) align activities and services provided 
through funding under this section with the Head Start Child Outcomes Framework. 
‘‘(e) S
TANDARDS .—Prior to awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall estab-lish standards to ensure that the responsi-bility and expectations of the Early Head Start agency and the partner child care pro-viders are clearly defined. 
‘‘(f) D
ESIGNATION RENEWAL .—A partner 
child care provider that receives assistance through a grant provided under this section shall be exempt, for a period of 18 months, from the designation renewal requirements under section 641(c). 
‘‘(g) S
URVEY OF EARLY HEADSTART AGEN-
CIES AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Within one 
year of the effective date of this section, the Secretary shall conduct a survey of Early Head Start agencies to determine the extent of barriers to entering into early learning quality partnership agreements under this section on Early Head Start agencies and on child care providers, and submit this infor-mation, with suggested steps to overcome such barriers, in a report to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, including a detailed description of the degree to which Early Head Start agencies are utilizing the funds provided. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— 
‘‘(1) $1,430,376,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(2) such sums as may be necessary for 
each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
Subpart D—Authorization of Appropriations 
for the Education of Children With Disabil-ities 
SEC. 10341. PRESCHOOL GRANTS. 
Section 619(j) of the Individuals with Dis-
abilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419(j)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $418,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 10342. INFANTS AND TODDLERS WITH DIS-
ABILITIES. 
Section 644 of the Individuals with Disabil-
ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1444) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 644. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘For the purpose of carrying out this part, 
there are authorized to be appropriated $508,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fis-cal year.’’. Subpart E—Maternal, Infant, and Early 
Childhood Home Visiting Program 
SEC. 10351. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) from the prenatal period to the first day 
of kindergarten, children’s development rap-idly progresses at a pace exceeding that of any subsequent stage of life; 
(2) as reported by the National Academy of 
Sciences in 2001, striking disparities exist in what children know and can do that are evi-dent well before they enter kindergarten; 
(3) such differences are strongly associated 
with social and economic circumstances, and they are predictive of subsequent academic performance; 
(4) research has consistently demonstrated 
that investments in high-quality programs that serve infants and toddlers— 
(A) better positions those children for suc-
cess in elementary, secondary, and postsec-ondary education; and 
(B) helps those children develop the crit-
ical physical, emotional, social, and cog-nitive skills that they will need for the rest of their lives; 
(5) in 2011, there were 11,000,000 infants and 
toddlers living in the United States, and 49 percent of these children came from low-in-come families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty guidelines; 
(6) the Maternal, Infant, and Early Child-
hood Home Visiting program (referred to as ‘‘MIECHV’’) was authorized by Congress to facilitate collaboration and partnership at the Federal, State, and community levels to improve health and development outcomes for at-risk children, including those from low-income families, through evidence-based home visiting programs; 
(7) MIECHV is an evidence-based policy 
initiative and the program’s authorizing leg-islation requires that at least 75 percent of funds dedicated to the program must support programs to implement evidence-based home visiting models, which includes the home- based model of Early Head Start; and 
(8) Congress should continue to provide re-
sources to MIECHV to support the work of States to help at-risk families voluntarily receive home visits from nurses and social workers to— 
(A) promote maternal, infant, and child 
health; 
(B) improve school readiness and achieve-
ment; 
(C) prevent potential child abuse or neglect 
and injuries; 
(D) support family economic self-suffi-
ciency; 
(E) reduce crime or domestic violence; and (F) improve coordination or referrals for 
community resources and supports. 
Subpart F—Stop Corporate Inversions 
SEC. 10361. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING 
TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after July 31, 
2015, the direct or indirect acquisition of— ‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, more than 50 
percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on May 8, 2014, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before August 1, 2015,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii) and 
inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after July 31, 2015. 
(d) F
UNDING .—Any increase in revenue at-
tributable to the amendments made by this section shall be allocated to carrying out subparts A and B. 
SA 2153. Mr. REID (for Mr. K ING(for 
himself and Mrs. C APITO )) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.049 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4873 July 8, 2015 
‘‘PART J—DIGITAL LEARNING EQUITY 
DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 5911. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to support the 
development, implementation, and evalua-tion of innovative strategies and methods to improve out-of-school access to digital learn-ing resources for eligible students in order to— 
‘‘(1) increase student participation in the 
classroom, including the ability to complete homework assignments and participate in in-novative digital learning models; 
‘‘(2) improve student access to postsec-
ondary education and workforce opportuni-ties by increasing the ability of students to apply for employment, postsecondary edu-cation, and financial aid opportunities; 
‘‘(3) increase the education technology and 
digital learning resources options available to educators to support student learning by ensuring methods and resources used during the school day remain accessible during out- of-school hours; 
‘‘(4) increase student, educator, and parent 
engagement by facilitating greater commu-nication and connection between school and home; and 
‘‘(5) increase the identification and dis-
semination of strategies to support students lacking out-of-school access to digital learn-ing resources and the Internet, including un-derserved student populations and students in rural and remote geographic areas. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) A
CCESS TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘access 
technology’ means any service or device that provides out-of-school Internet access as its primary function and does not include a computer device. 
‘‘(2) D
IGITAL LEARNING .—The term ‘digital 
learning’ means an educational practice that effectively uses technology to strengthen a student’s learning experience within and outside of the classroom and at home, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) interactive learning resources that 
engage students in academic content; 
‘‘(B) access to online databases and pri-
mary source documents; 
‘‘(C) the use of data, data analytics, and in-
formation to personalize learning and pro-vide targeted supplementary instruction; 
‘‘(D) student collaboration with content 
experts, peers, and educators; 
‘‘(E) digital learning content, video, soft-
ware, or simulations; 
‘‘(F) access to online courses; and ‘‘(G) other resources that may be devel-
oped, as the Secretary may determine. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means any of the following entities that serve a high-need school: 
‘‘(A) A local educational agency. ‘‘(B) A State educational agency. ‘‘(C) An educational service agency. ‘‘(D) A consortium of State educational 
agencies, local educational agencies, or edu-cational service agencies. 
‘‘(E) An Indian tribe or Indian organiza-
tion. 
‘‘(F) A State educational agency, local 
educational agency, educational service agency, Indian tribe, or Indian organization, in partnership with— 
‘‘(i) a nonprofit foundation, corporation, 
institution, or association; 
‘‘(ii) a business; ‘‘(iii) an after-school program or summer 
program; 
‘‘(iv) a library; ‘‘(v) a community learning center; or ‘‘(vi) other community or social services 
organizations, as the Secretary may deter-mine. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE STUDENT .—The term ‘eligible 
student’ means a student who lacks out-of- school Internet access and attends a high- 
need school serviced by an eligible entity. 
‘‘(5) H IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
need school’ means a school served by an eli-gible entity that— 
‘‘(A) has a high percentage of students 
aged 5 through 17 who— 
‘‘(i) are in poverty, as counted in the most 
recent census data approved by the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(ii) are eligible for a free or reduced 
priced lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(iii) are in families receiving assistance 
under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(iv) are eligible to receive medical assist-
ance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) has a high percentage of students who 
lack out-of-school Internet access; 
‘‘(C) is in need of improvement and or is 
among the State’s persistently lowest achieving schools; or 
‘‘(D) has significant gaps in achievement 
among the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(6) O
UT-OF-SCHOOL INTERNET ACCESS .—The 
term ‘out-of-school Internet access’ means a service provided to an eligible student for out-of-school use by wire or radio that pro-vides the capability to transmit data to and receive data from all or substantially all Internet endpoints, including any capabili-ties that are incidental to and enable the op-eration of the communications service, with a speed and capacity sufficient to enable the use of digital learning resources, but exclud-ing— 
‘‘(A) dial-up Internet access service; or ‘‘(B) Internet access service that is re-
stricted by monthly data caps set lower than 1 gigabyte. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. DEMONSTRATION GRANT PROGRAM 
AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
award grants to eligible entities, subject to meeting the application requirements in sub-section (e), to develop, implement, and evaluate innovative strategies to increase out-of-school Internet access for eligible stu-dents. 
‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION PERIOD .—Each eligi-
ble entity, in accordance with the applica-tion requirements in subsection (e), shall propose to the Secretary the period of time over which it desires to exercise demonstra-tion authority, except that such period shall not exceed 2 years. 
‘‘(c) R
URAL AREAS .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5915 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve not less than 35 percent for grants to eligible entities that propose to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (e)(1) in rural areas, as described in section 6211(b)(1)(A)(ii). The Sec-retary shall reduce the amount described in this subsection if the Secretary does not re-ceive a sufficient number of applications that propose to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (e)(1) in rural areas that meet the requirements of subsection (e). 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that is 
a State educational agency or includes a State educational agency, that receives a grant under this section shall provide match-ing funds, from non-Federal sources (which may be provided in cash or in-kind), in an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount of grant funds provided to the eligible entity to carry out the activities supported by the grant. 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the matching requirement under paragraph (1) for an eligible entity that demonstrates 
that such requirement imposes an undue fi-nancial hardship. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—To receive a grant 
under this section, an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may reasonably require and con-taining the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of how the entity will— ‘‘(A) increase student access to digital 
learning opportunities outside of the school day, which may include providing access technology for eligible students; 
‘‘(B) integrate the out-of-school use of the 
access technology into the school’s edu-cational curriculum and objectives; 
‘‘(C) provide eligible students with the nec-
essary training in digital literacy to ensure appropriate and effective use of the digital learning resources and access technology; 
‘‘(D) ensure parents, educators, and stu-
dents are informed of appropriate use of the digital learning resources and access tech-nology; and 
‘‘(E) have in place a policy that meets the 
same requirements as described in para-graphs (1) and (2) of section 9551. 
‘‘(2) A description of the eligible students 
who will be served, disaggregated by— 
‘‘(A) the categories of students, as defined 
in section 1111(b)(3)(A); and 
‘‘(B) homeless students and children or 
youth in foster care. 
‘‘(3) In the case of an eligible entity that 
wishes to award subgrants to local edu-cational agencies or local educational agen-cies in partnership with the entities de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 5912(3)— 
‘‘(A) a description of how the eligible enti-
ty will award such subgrants; and 
‘‘(B) an assurance that the eligible entity 
consulted with appropriate staff of partici-pating local educational agencies and the en-tities described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 5912(3), as applicable, in the de-velopment of the eligible entity’s application under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) A description of the process, activities, 
and measures that the eligible entity will use to evaluate the impact and effectiveness of the grant funds awarded under this part for eligible students, including measures of changes in— 
‘‘(A) the percentage of students who lack 
access to out-of-school Internet access; 
‘‘(B) student participation in the class-
room, including the ability to complete homework and take part in innovative learn-ing models; 
‘‘(C) student engagement, through such 
measures as attendance rates and chronic absenteeism; 
‘‘(D) student access to postsecondary edu-
cation and workforce opportunities, includ-ing the ability to apply for employment, postsecondary education, and student finan-cial aid programs; and 
‘‘(E) any other valid and reliable indicators 
of student, educator, or parent engagement or participation, as determined by the eligi-ble entity. 
‘‘(5) A description of the way in which the 
eligible entity will solicit and collect mean-ingful feedback from participating students, educators, parents, and school administra-tors on the effectiveness of the demonstra-tion program. 
‘‘(6) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will procure the access technology and out-of-school Internet access necessary to carry out the demonstration program, in-cluding whether the entity will utilize bulk purchasing or other strategies that make ef-ficient use of program funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.050 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4874 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(7) If the applicant is a State educational 
agency or includes a State educational agen-cy, an assurance that the applicant will pro-vide matching funds as required under sub-section (d). 
‘‘(f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
receiving a grant under this part shall use the funds awarded to develop, implement, and evaluate strategies and methods used to increase student access to digital learning resources at home through such practices as— 
‘‘(1) providing a targeted distribution of ac-
cess technology to eligible students; 
‘‘(2) educating and training students, par-
ents, and educators about the appropriate use of access technology outside of the class-room; and 
‘‘(3) evaluating the effectiveness of the 
strategies and methods used under this part, through such means as student, educator, and parent surveys. 
‘‘(g) R
ESTRICTION .—Funds awarded under 
this part shall only be used to promote out- of-school access to digital learning resources for eligible students and shall not be used to address the networking needs of an entity that is eligible to receive support under the E-rate program. 
‘‘(h) R
ESERVATION FOR SUPPORT AND EVAL-
UATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this section may re-serve not more than 8 percent of the grant amount for each fiscal year to provide tech-nical support to participating schools and for the purposes of conducting the evaluation described in section 5914. 
‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—Not less than 50 percent 
of any amount reserved under paragraph (1) shall be used for the purposes of conducting the evaluation described in section 5914. 
‘‘(i) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—From the 
amounts appropriated under section 5915, the Secretary may reserve not more than 1 per-cent for national activities to provide tech-nical assistance and support grantees. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with the cri-
teria outlined in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 5913(e), the Secretary shall establish an evaluation template through which an el-igible entity will record and submit the out-comes and participant feedback associated with the program carried out under this part. 
‘‘(b) S
UBMISSION ; D EADLINE .—Not later 
than 90 days after the termination of an eli-gible entity’s demonstration authority under this part, the eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary the results of the evaluation. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prohibit an eligible en-tity from recording and submitting addi-tional data or indicators associated with the success of the program executed under the demonstration authority. 
‘‘SEC. 5915. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2154. Mr. REID (for Mr. K ING(for 
himself and Mrs. C APITO )) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 264, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: SEC. 1018. REPORT ON STUDENT HOME ACCESS 
TO DIGITAL LEARNING RESOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with relevant Fed-eral agencies, shall complete a national study on the educational trends and behav-iors associated with access to digital learn-ing resources outside of the classroom, which shall include analysis of extant data and new surveys about students and teachers that provide— 
(1) a description of the various locations 
from which students access the Internet and digital learning resources outside of the classroom, including through an after-school or summer program, a library, and at home; 
(2) a description of the various devices and 
technology through which students access 
the Internet and digital learning resources outside of the classroom, including through a computer or mobile device; 
(3) data associated with the number of stu-
dents who lack home Internet access, disaggregated by— 
(A) each of the categories of students, as 
defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; 
(B) homeless students and children or 
youth in foster care; and 
(C) students in geographically diverse 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; 
(4) data associated with the barriers to stu-
dents acquiring home Internet access; 
(5) data associated with the proportion of 
educators who assign homework or imple-ment innovative learning models that re-quire or are substantially augmented by a student having home Internet access and the frequency of the need for such access; 
(6) a description of the learning behaviors 
associated with students who lack home Internet access, including— 
(A) student participation in the classroom, 
including the ability to complete homework and participate in innovative learning mod-els; 
(B) student engagement, through such 
measures as attendance rates and chronic absenteeism; and 
(C) a student’s ability to apply for employ-
ment, postsecondary education, and finan-cial aid programs; 
(7) an analysis of the how a student’s lack 
of home Internet access impacts the instruc-tional practice of educators, including— 
(A) the extent to which educators alter in-
structional methods, resources, homework assignments, and curriculum in order to ac-commodate differing levels of home Internet access; and 
(B) strategies employed by educators, 
school leaders, and administrators to address the differing levels of home Internet access among students; and 
(8) a description of the ways in which State 
educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities, including through partnerships, have developed effec-tive means to provide students with Internet access outside of the school day. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study under this section— 
(1) in a timely fashion; (2) in a form that is understandable, easily 
accessible, and publicly available and usable, or adaptable for use in, the improvement of educational practice; 
(3) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences, or the Department of Education; and (4) to all State educational agencies and 
other recipients of funds under part D of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF DIGITAL LEARNING .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘digital learning’’— 
(1) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 5702 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and 
(2) includes an educational practice that 
effectively uses technology to strengthen a student’s learning experience within and outside of the classroom and at home, which may include the use of digital learning con-tent, video, software, and other resources that may be developed, as the Secretary of Education may determine. 
SA 2155. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VII, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 7006. REPORT ON RESPONSES TO INDIAN 
STUDENT SUICIDES. 
(a) P REPARATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation, in coordination with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall prepare a report on ef-forts to address outbreaks of suicides among elementary school and secondary school stu-dents (referred to in this section as ‘‘student suicides’’) that occurred within 1 year prior to the date of enactment of this Act in In-dian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include in-
formation on— 
(A) the Federal response to the occurrence 
of high numbers of student suicides in Indian country (as so defined); 
(B) a list of Federal resources available to 
prevent and respond to outbreaks of student suicides, including the availability and use of tele-behavioral health care; 
(C) any barriers to timely implementation 
of programs or interagency collaboration re-garding student suicides; 
(D) interagency collaboration efforts to 
streamline access to programs regarding stu-dent suicides, including information on how the Department of Education, the Depart-ment of the Interior, and the Department of Health and Human Services work together on administration of such programs; 
(E) recommendations to improve or con-
solidate resources or programs described in subparagraph (B) or (D); and 
(F) feedback from Indian tribes to the Fed-
eral response described in subparagraph (A). 
(b) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit the re-port described in subsection (a) to the appro-priate committees of Congress. 
SA 2156. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself 
and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 82, between lines 23 and 24, insert 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.050 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4875 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(xviii) for each high school in the State, 
and beginning with the report card released in 2017, the cohort rate (in the aggregate, and disaggregated for each category of students defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students is in-sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation or the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-vidual student) at which students who grad-uate from the high school enroll, for the first academic year that begins after the stu-dents’ graduation— 
‘‘(I) in programs of public postsecondary 
education in the State; and 
‘‘(II) if data are available and to the extent 
practicable, in programs of private postsec-ondary education in the State or programs of postsecondary education outside the State; 
‘‘(xix) if available and to the extent prac-
ticable, for each high school in the State and beginning with the report card released in 2018, the remediation rate (in the aggregate, and disaggregated for each category of stu-dents defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), except that such disaggregation shall not be re-quired in a case in which the number of stu-dents is insufficient to yield statistically re-liable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student) for students who graduate from the high school at— 
‘‘(I) programs of postsecondary education 
in the State; and 
‘‘(II) programs of postsecondary education 
outside the State; 
SA 2157. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 615, between lines 22 and 23, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(3) R ESERVATION FOR EVALUATION .—From 
the amounts appropriated under section 5903 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve one-half of 1 percent to conduct, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, an evaluation to determine whether grants under this part are— 
(A) improving efficiency in the use of Fed-
eral funds for early childhood education pro-grams; 
(B) improving coordination across Federal 
early childhood education programs; and 
(C) increasing the availability of, and ac-
cess to, high-quality early childhood edu-cation programs for eligible children. 
SA 2158. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 5007. 
SA 2159. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every 
child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: After section 4005, insert the following: 
SEC. 4006. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION 
PROGRAMS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 4001, 4004, and 4005, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART E—FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN 
EDUCATION PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 4501. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) To provide financial support to organi-
zations to provide technical assistance and training to State and local educational agen-cies in the implementation and enhancement of systemic and effective family engagement policies, programs, and activities that lead to improvements in student development and academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) To assist State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, community-based organizations, schools, and educators in strengthening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the edu-cational needs of children and fostering greater parental engagement. 
‘‘(3) To support State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, edu-cators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between par-ents and their children’s school in order to further the developmental progress of chil-dren. 
‘‘(4) To coordinate activities funded under 
this subpart with parent involvement initia-tives funded under section 1115 and other provisions of this Act. 
‘‘(5) To assist the Secretary, State edu-
cational agencies, and local educational agencies in the coordination and integration of Federal, State, and local services and pro-grams to engage families in education. 
‘‘SEC. 4502. GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) S TATEWIDE FAMILY ENGAGEMENT CEN-
TERS .—From the amount appropriated under 
section 4506, the Secretary is authorized to award grants for each fiscal year to state-wide organizations (or consortia of such or-ganizations), to establish Statewide Family Engagement Centers that provide com-prehensive training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, schools identified by State educational agencies and local educational agencies, organizations that support family- school partnerships, and other organizations that carry out, or carry out directly, parent education and family engagement in edu-cation programs. 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AWARD .—In awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is awarded for a Statewide Family Engagement Center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
‘‘SEC. 4503. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSIONS .—Each statewide organi-
zation, or a consortium of such organiza-tions, that desires a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and including the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the applicant’s ap-
proach to family engagement in education. 
‘‘(2) A description of the support that the 
Statewide Family Engagement Center that will be operated by the applicant will have from the State educational agency and any partner organization outlining the commit-ment to work with the center. 
‘‘(3) A description of the applicant’s plan 
for building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) management and governance; 
‘‘(B) statewide leadership; or ‘‘(C) systemic services for family engage-
ment in education. 
‘‘(4) A description of the applicant’s dem-
onstrated experience in providing training, information, and support to State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, educators, parents, and organi-zations on family engagement in education policies and practices that are effective for parents (including low-income parents) and families, English learners, minorities, par-ents of students with disabilities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and stu-dents, and parents of migratory students, in-
cluding evaluation results, reporting, or other data exhibiting such demonstrated ex-perience. 
‘‘(5) A description of the steps the appli-
cant will take to target services to low-in-come students and parents. 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the applicant will— ‘‘(A) establish a special advisory com-
mittee, the membership of which includes— 
‘‘(i) parents, who shall constitute a major-
ity of the members of the special advisory committee; 
‘‘(ii) representatives of education profes-
sionals with expertise in improving services for disadvantaged children; 
‘‘(iii) representatives of local elementary 
schools and secondary schools, including stu-dents; 
‘‘(iv) representatives of the business com-
munity; and 
‘‘(v) representatives of State educational 
agencies and local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) use not less than 65 percent of the 
funds received under this part in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and community-based organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvan-taged students, including English learners, minorities, parents of students with disabil-ities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and students, and parents of migra-tory students; 
‘‘(C) operate a Statewide Family Engage-
ment Center of sufficient size, scope, and quality to ensure that the Center is adequate to serve the State educational agency, local educational agencies, and community-based organizations; 
‘‘(D) ensure that the Statewide Family En-
gagement Center will retain staff with the requisite training and experience to serve parents in the State; 
‘‘(E) serve urban, suburban, and rural local 
educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(F) work with— ‘‘(i) other Statewide Family Engagement 
Centers assisted under this subpart; and 
‘‘(ii) parent training and information cen-
ters and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(G) use not less than 30 percent of the 
funds received under this part for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assist-ance for evidence-based parent education programs; 
‘‘(H) provide assistance to State edu-
cational agencies and local educational agencies and community-based organizations that support family members in supporting student academic achievement; 
‘‘(I) work with State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, edu-cators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; 
‘‘(J) conduct sufficient outreach to assist 
parents, including parents who the applicant may have a difficult time engaging with a school or local educational agency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.051 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4876 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(K) conduct outreach to low-income stu-
dents and parents, including low-income stu-dents and parents who are not proficient in English. 
‘‘SEC. 4504. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Grantees shall use grant 
funds received under this part, based on the needs determined under section 4503, to pro-vide training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and organizations that support family-school partnerships, and ac-tivities, services, and training for local edu-cational agencies, school leaders, educators, and parents— 
‘‘(1) to assist parents in participating effec-
tively in their children’s education and to help their children meet State standards, such as assisting parents— 
‘‘(A) to engage in activities that will im-
prove student academic achievement, includ-ing understanding how they can support learning in the classroom with activities at home and in afterschool and extracurricular programs; 
‘‘(B) to communicate effectively with their 
children, teachers, school leaders, coun-selors, administrators, and other school per-sonnel; 
‘‘(C) to become active participants in the 
development, implementation, and review of school-parent compacts, family engagement in education policies, and school planning and improvement; 
‘‘(D) to participate in the design and provi-
sion of assistance to students who are not making academic progress; 
‘‘(E) to participate in State and local deci-
sionmaking; 
‘‘(F) to train other parents; and ‘‘(G) to help the parents learn and use 
technology applied in their children’s edu-cation; 
‘‘(2) to develop and implement, in partner-
ship with the State educational agency, statewide family engagement in education policy and systemic initiatives that will pro-vide for a continuum of services to remove barriers for family engagement in education and support school reform efforts; and 
‘‘(3) to develop and implement parental in-
volvement policies under this Act. 
‘‘(b) M
ATCHING FUNDS FOR GRANT RE-
NEWAL .—For each fiscal year after the first 
fiscal year for which an organization or con-sortium receives assistance under this sec-tion, the organization or consortium shall demonstrate in the application that a por-tion of the services provided by the organiza-tion or consortium is supported through non- Federal contributions, which may be in cash or in-kind. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall reserve not more than 2 percent of the funds appropriated under section 4506 to carry out this part to provide technical assistance, by competitive grant or contract, for the establishment, development, and co-ordination of Statewide Family Engagement Centers. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a Statewide Family Engagement Center from— 
‘‘(1) having its employees or agents meet 
with a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or 
‘‘(2) working with another agency that 
serves children. 
‘‘(e) P
ARENTAL RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this section— 
‘‘(1) no person (including a parent who edu-
cates a child at home, a public school parent, or a private school parent) shall be required to participate in any program of parent edu-cation or developmental screening under this section; and ‘‘(2) no program or center assisted under 
this section shall take any action that in-fringes in any manner on the right of parents to direct the education of their children. 
‘‘SEC. 4505. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN INDIAN 
SCHOOLS. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with local tribes, tribal organizations, or Indian nonprofit par-ent organizations to establish and operate Family Engagement Centers. 
‘‘SEC. 4506. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2160. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
PART C—SAFE PLAY 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting 
Athletes, Families and Educators to Protect the Lives of Athletic Youth Act’’ or the ‘‘SAFE PLAY Act’’. 
SEC. 10302. EDUCATION, AWARENESS, AND TRAIN-
ING ABOUT CHILDREN’S CARDIAC CONDITIONS TO INCREASE EARLY DIAGNOSIS AND PREVENT DEATH. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–6. MATERIALS AND EDUCATIONAL RE-
SOURCES TO INCREASE AWARENESS OF CARDIOMYOPATHY AND OTHER HIGHER RISK CHILDHOOD CARDIAC CONDITIONS AMONG SCHOOL AD-MINISTRATORS, EDUCATORS, COACHES, STUDENTS AND FAMILIES. 
‘‘(a) M ATERIALS AND RESOURCES .—Not later 
than 18 months after the date of enactment of the SAFE PLAY Act, the Secretary, act-ing through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (referred to in this section as the ‘Director’) and in con-sultation with national patient advocacy and health professional organizations experts in cardiac health, including all forms of cardio-myopathy, shall develop public education and awareness materials and resources to be disseminated to school administrators, edu-cators, school health professionals, coaches, families, and other appropriate individuals. The materials and resources shall include— 
‘‘(1) information to increase education and 
awareness of high risk cardiac conditions and genetic heart rhythm abnormalities that may cause sudden cardiac arrest in children, adolescents, and young adults, including— 
‘‘(A) cardiomyopathy; ‘‘(B) conditions such as long QT syndrome, 
Brugada syndrome, catecholaminergic poly-morphic ventricular tachycardia, short QT syndrome, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome; and 
‘‘(C) other cardiac conditions, as deter-
mined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(2) sudden cardiac arrest and cardio-
myopathy risk assessment worksheets to in-crease awareness of warning signs and symp-toms of life-threatening cardiac conditions in order to prevent acute cardiac episodes and increase the likelihood of early detec-tion and treatment; 
‘‘(3) information and training materials for 
emergency interventions such as cardiopulmonary resuscitation (referred to 
in this section and in section 399V–7 as ‘CPR’) and ways to obtain certification in CPR delivery; 
‘‘(4) guidelines and training materials for 
the proper placement and use of life-saving emergency equipment such as automatic ex-ternal defibrillators (referred to in this sec-tion and section 399V–7 as ‘AED’) and ways to obtain certification on AED usage; and 
‘‘(5) recommendations for how schools, 
childcare centers, and local youth athletic organizations can develop and implement cardiac emergency response plans, including recommendations about how a local edu-cational agency (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)) can apply such re-sponse plans to all students enrolled in the public schools served by such local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF MATERIALS AND RE-
SOURCES .—The Secretary, acting through the 
Director, shall develop and update, as nec-essary and appropriate, the materials and re-sources described in subsection (a) and, in support of such effort, the Secretary is en-couraged to establish an advisory panel that includes the following members: 
‘‘(1) Representatives from national patient 
advocacy organizations, including— 
‘‘(A) not less than 1 organization dedicated 
to pediatrics; 
‘‘(B) not less than 1 organization dedicated 
to school-based wellness; 
‘‘(C) not less than 1 organization dedicated 
to cardiac research, health, and awareness; and 
‘‘(D) not less than 1 organization dedicated 
to advocacy and support for individuals with cognitive impairments or developmental dis-abilities. 
‘‘(2) Representatives of medical profes-
sional societies, including pediatrics, cardi-ology, emergency medicine, and sports medi-cine. 
‘‘(3) A representative of the Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention. 
‘‘(4) Representatives of other relevant Fed-
eral agencies. 
‘‘(5) Representatives of schools, such as ad-
ministrators, educators, sports coaches, and nurses. 
‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF MATERIALS AND RE-
SOURCES .—Not later than 30 months after the 
date of enactment of the SAFE PLAY Act, the Secretary, acting through the Director, shall disseminate the materials and re-sources described in subsection (a) in accord-ance with the following: 
‘‘(1) D
ISTRIBUTION BY STATE EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—The Secretary shall make avail-
able such written materials and resources to State educational agencies (as defined in sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)) to dis-tribute— 
‘‘(A) to school administrators, educators, 
school health professionals, coaches, and parents, guardians, or other caregivers, the cardiomyopathy education and awareness materials and resources described in sub-section (a); 
‘‘(B) to parents, guardians, or other care-
givers, the cardiomyopathy and sudden car-diac arrest risk assessment worksheets de-scribed in subsection (a)(2); 
‘‘(C) to school administrators, school 
health professionals, and coaches— 
‘‘(i) the information and training materials 
described in subsection (a)(3); and 
‘‘(ii) the guidelines and training materials 
described in subsection (a)(4); and 
‘‘(D) to school administrators, educators, 
coaches, and youth sports organizations, the recommendations described in subsection (a)(5). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.051 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4877 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(2) D ISSEMINATION TO HEALTH DEPART -
MENTS AND PROFESSIONALS .—The Secretary 
shall make available such materials and re-sources to State and local health depart-ments, pediatricians, hospitals, and other health professionals, such as nurses and first responders. 
‘‘(3) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION  
THROUGH THE INTERNET .— 
‘‘(A) CDC.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director, shall post the mate-rials and resources developed under sub-section (a) on the public Internet website of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion. 
‘‘(ii) M
AINTENANCE OF INFORMATION .—The 
Director shall maintain on such Internet website such additional and updated infor-mation regarding the resources and mate-rials under subsection (a) as necessary to en-sure such information reflects the latest standards. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—State 
educational agencies are encouraged to cre-ate Internet webpages dedicated to dissemi-nating the information and resources devel-oped under subsection (a) to the general pub-lic, with an emphasis on targeting dissemi-nation to families of students and students. 
‘‘(4) A
CCESSIBILITY OF INFORMATION .—The 
information regarding the resources and ma-terials under subsection (a) shall be made available in a format and in a manner that is readily accessible to individuals with cog-nitive and sensory impairments. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
3 years after the date of the enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report identifying the steps taken to increase pub-lic education and awareness of higher risk cardiac conditions that may lead to sudden cardiac arrest. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) S CHOOL ADMINISTRATORS .—The term 
‘school administrator’ means a principal, di-rector, manager, or other supervisor or lead-er within an elementary school or secondary school (as such terms are defined under sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)), State- based early education program, or childcare center. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOLS .—The term ‘school’ means an 
early education program, childcare center, 
or elementary school or secondary school (as such terms are so defined) that is not an Internet- or computer-based community school. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘SEC. 399V–7. GRANTS TO PROVIDE FOR CARDIAC 
TRAINING AND EQUIPMENT IN PUB-LIC ELEMENTARY, MIDDLE, AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOMAKE GRANTS .—The 
Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Education, shall award grants to eligible local educational agencies— 
‘‘(1) to enable such local educational agen-
cies to purchase AEDs and implement na-tionally recognized CPR and AED training courses; or 
‘‘(2) to enable such local educational agen-
cies to award funding to eligible schools that are served by the local educational agency to purchase AEDs and implement nationally recognized CPR and AED training courses. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible local edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this section, or an eligible school receiving grant funds under this section through an eligible local educational agency, shall use the grant funds— 
‘‘(1) to pay a nationally recognized train-
ing organization, such as the American Heart Association, the American Red Cross, 
or the National Safety Council, for instruc-tional, material, and equipment expenses as-sociated with the training necessary to re-ceive CPR and AED certification in accord-ance with the materials and resources devel-oped under section 399V–6(a)(3); or 
‘‘(2) if the local educational agency or an 
eligible school served by such agency meets the conditions described under subsection (c)(2), to purchase AED devices for eligible schools and pay the costs associated with ob-taining the certifications necessary to meet the guidelines established in section 399V– 6(a)(4). 
‘‘(c) G
RANT ELIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this section, a local edu-cational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information and certifications as such Secretary may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(2) AED 
TRAINING AND ALLOCATION .—To be 
eligible to use grant funds to purchase AED devices as described in subsection (b)(2), an eligible local educational agency shall dem-onstrate to the Secretary that such local educational agency or an eligible school served by such agency has or intends to im-plement an AED training program in con-junction with a CPR training program and 
has or intends to implement an emergency cardiac response plan as of the date of the submission of the grant application. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY OF AWARD .—The Secretary 
shall award grants under this section to eli-gible local educational agencies based on 1 or more of the following priorities: 
‘‘(1) A demonstrated need for initiating a 
CPR or AED training program in an eligible school or a community served by an eligible school, which may include— 
‘‘(A) schools that do not already have an 
automated AED on school grounds; 
‘‘(B) schools in which there are a signifi-
cant number of students on school grounds during a typical day, as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(C) schools for which the average time re-
quired for emergency medical services (as de-fined in section 330J(f)) to reach the school is greater than the average time required for emergency medical services to reach other public facilities in the community; and 
‘‘(D) schools that have not received funds 
under the Rural Access to Emergency De-vices Act (42 U.S.C. 254c note). 
‘‘(2) A demonstrated need for continued 
support of an existing CPR or AED training program in an eligible school or a commu-nity served by an eligible school. 
‘‘(3) A demonstrated need for expanding an 
existing CPR or AED training program by adding training in the use of an AED. 
‘‘(4) Previously identified opportunities to 
encourage and foster partnerships with and among community organizations, including emergency medical service providers, fire and police departments, nonprofit organiza-tions, public health organizations, parent- teacher associations, and local and regional youth sports organizations to aid in pro-viding training in both CPR and AED usage and in obtaining AED equipment. 
‘‘(5) Recognized opportunities to maximize 
the use of funds provided under this section. 
‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this section, an eligible local educational agency shall provide matching funds from non-Federal sources in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the total grant amount. 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement of paragraph (1) for an eligi-ble local educational agency if the number of children counted under section 1124(c)(1)(A) of the Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act of 1965 for the local educational agency is 20 percent or more of the total number of children aged 5 to 17, inclusive, served by the eligible local educational agency. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘eligible local educational 
agency’ means a local educational agency, as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, that has es-tablished a plan to follow the guidelines and carry out the recommendations described under section 399V–6(a) regarding cardiac emergencies. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE SCHOOL .—The term ‘eligible 
school’ means a public elementary, middle, or secondary school, including any public charter school that is considered a local edu-cational agency under State law, and which is not an Internet- or computer-based com-munity school. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘SEC. 399V–8. REQUIREMENT TO INCLUDE CAR-
DIAC CONDITIONS IN EXISTING RE-SEARCH AND INVESTIGATIONS. 
‘‘The Director of the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention shall develop data collection methods, to be included in the School Health Policies and Practices Survey authorized under section 301, that are being carried out as of the date of enactment of the SAFE PLAY Act, to determine the de-gree to which school administrators, edu-cators, school health professionals, coaches, families, and other appropriate individuals have an understanding of cardiac issues. Such data collection methods shall be de-signed to collect information about— 
‘‘(a) the ability to accurately identify 
early symptoms of a cardiac condition, such as cardiomyopathy, cardiac arrest, and sud-den cardiac death; 
‘‘(b) the dissemination of training de-
scribed in section 399V–6(a)(3) regarding the proper performance of cardiopulmonary re-suscitation; and 
‘‘(c) the dissemination of guidelines and 
training described in section 399V–6(a)(4) re-garding the placement and use of automatic external defibrillators.’’. 
SEC. 10303. GUIDELINES FOR EMERGENCY AC-
TION PLANS FOR ATHLETICS. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices, acting through the Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention, and in consultation with the Secretary of Edu-cation, shall work with stakeholder organi-zations to develop recommended guidelines for the development of emergency action plans for youth athletics. Such plans shall include the following: 
(1) Identifying the characteristics of an 
athletic, medical, or health emergency. 
(2) Procedures for accessing emergency 
communication equipment and contacting emergency personnel, including providing di-rections to the specific location of the ath-letic venue that is used by the youth athletic group or organization. 
(3) Instructions for utilizing appropriate 
first-aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation techniques and accessing and utilizing emer-gency equipment, such as an automatic ex-ternal defibrillator. 
SEC. 10304. GUIDELINES FOR SAFE ENERGY 
DRINK USE BY YOUTH ATHLETES. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF GUIDELINES .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, in collabo-ration with the Director of the Centers for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.052 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4878 July 8, 2015 
Disease Control and Prevention and other re-
lated Federal agencies, may— 
(1) develop information about the ingredi-
ents used in energy drinks and the potential side effects of energy drink consumption; and 
(2) recommend guidelines for the safe use 
of energy drink consumption by youth, in-cluding youth participating in athletic ac-tivities. 
(b) D
ISSEMINATION OF GUIDELINES .—Not 
later than 6 months after any information or guidelines are developed under subsection (a), the Secretary of Education, in coordina-tion with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall disseminate such information and guidelines to school administrators, edu-cators, school health professionals, coaches, families, and other appropriate individuals. 
(c) E
NERGY DRINK DEFINED .—In this section 
the term ‘‘energy drink’’ means a class of products in liquid form, marketed as either a dietary supplement or conventional food under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), for the stated pur-pose of providing the consumer with added physical or mental energy, and that contains each of the following: 
(1) Caffeine. (2) At least 1 of the following ingredients: (A) Taurine. (B) Guarana. (C) Ginseng. (D) B vitamins such as cobalamin, folic 
acid, pyridoxine, or niacin. 
(E) Any other ingredient added for the ex-
press purpose of providing physical or men-tal energy, as determined during the devel-opment of guidelines in accordance with sub-section (a). 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON RESTRICTION OF MAR-
KETING AND SALES OF ENERGY DRINKS .—Noth-
ing in this section shall be construed to pro-vide the Commissioner of Food and Drugs with authority to regulate the marketing and sale of energy drinks, beyond such au-thority as such Commissioner has as of the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10305. RESEARCH RELATING TO YOUTH ATH-
LETIC SAFETY. 
(a) E XPANSION OF CDC R ESEARCH .—Section 
301 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) The Secretary, acting through the Di-
rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall, to the extent practicable, expand, intensify, and coordinate the activi-ties of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention with respect to cardiac condi-tions, concussions, and heat-related illnesses among youth athletes.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 6 
years after the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Secretary of Edu-cation shall prepare and submit a joint re-port to Congress that includes information, with respect to the 5-year period beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, about— 
(1) the number of youth fatalities that 
occur while a youth is participating in an athletic activity, and the cause of each of those deaths; and 
(2) the number of catastrophic injuries sus-
tained by a youth while the youth is partici-pating in an athletic activity, and the cause of such injury. 
Between sections 9115 and 9116, insert the 
following: 
SEC. 9115A. HEAT ADVISORY AND HEAT ACCLI-
MATIZATION GUIDELINES FOR SEC-ONDARY SCHOOL ATHLETICS. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001, 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 9539A. HEAT ADVISORY AND HEAT ACCLI-
MATIZATION PROCEDURES. 
‘‘(a) M ATERIALS AND RESOURCES .—The Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Sec-retary of Commerce, acting through the Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, shall develop public education and awareness materials and resources to be disseminated to school administrators, school health professionals, coaches, families, and other appropriate in-dividuals. The materials and resources shall include— 
‘‘(1) information regarding the health risks 
associated with exposure to excessive heat and excessive humidity, as defined by the National Weather Service; 
‘‘(2) tips and recommendations on how to 
avoid heat-related illness, including proper hydration and access to the indoors or cool-ing stations; and 
‘‘(3) strategies for ‘heat-acclimatization’ 
that address the types and duration of ath-letic activities considered to be generally safe during periods of excessive heat. 
‘‘(b) I
MPLANTATION OF EXCESSIVE HEATAC-
TION PLAN.—Public schools shall develop an 
‘excessive heat action plan’ to be used during all school-sponsored athletic activities that occur during periods of excessive heat and humidity. Such plan shall— 
‘‘(1) be in effect prior to full scale athletic 
participation by students, including any practices or scrimmages prior to the begin-ning of the school’s academic year; and 
‘‘(2) apply to days when an Excessive Heat 
Watch or Excessive Heat Warning or Advi-sory has been issued by the National Weath-er Service for the area in which the athletic event is to take place.’’. 
SEC. 9115B. PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF 
YOUTH ATHLETE CONCUSSIONS. 
Part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 7881 et seq.), as 
amended by sections 2001 and 4001, and redes-ignated by section 9106, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subpart 7—State Requirements for the 
Prevention and Treatment of Concussions 
‘‘SEC. 9581. MINIMUM STATE REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning for fiscal year 
2016, as a condition of receiving funds under title IV for a fiscal year, a State shall, not later than July 1 of the preceding fiscal year, certify to the Secretary in accordance with subsection (b) that the State has in effect and is enforcing a law or regulation that, at a minimum, establishes the following re-quirements: 
‘‘(1) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY CONCUS -
SION SAFETY AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—Each 
local educational agency in the State (in-cluding each public charter school that is considered a local educational agency under State law), in consultation with members of the community in which the local edu-cational agency is located, and taking into consideration the guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s Pedi-atric Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Guideline Workgroup, shall develop and implement a standard plan for concussion safety and man-agement for public schools served by the local educational agency that includes— 
‘‘(A) the education of students, school ad-
ministrators, educators, coaches, youth sports organizations, parents, and school personnel about concussions, including— 
‘‘(i) training of school personnel on evi-
dence-based concussion safety and manage-ment, including prevention, recognition, risk, academic consequences, and response for both initial and any subsequent concus-sions; and 
‘‘(ii) using, maintaining, and disseminating 
to students and parents release forms, treat-ment plans, observation, monitoring, and re-porting forms, recordkeeping forms, and 
post-injury and prevention fact sheets about concussions; 
‘‘(B) supports for each student recovering 
from a concussion, including— 
‘‘(i) guiding the student in resuming par-
ticipation in school-sponsored athletic ac-tivities and academic activities with the help of a multidisciplinary concussion man-agement team, which shall include— 
‘‘(I) a health care professional, the parents 
of such student, and other relevant school personnel; and 
‘‘(II) an individual who is assigned by the 
public school in which the student is en-rolled to oversee and manage the recovery of the student; 
‘‘(ii) providing appropriate academic ac-
commodations aimed at progressively re-introducing cognitive demands on such stu-dent; and 
‘‘(iii) if the student’s symptoms of concus-
sion persist for a substantial period of time— 
‘‘(I) evaluating the student in accordance 
with section 614 of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1414) to de-termine whether the student is eligible for services under part B of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.); or 
‘‘(II) evaluating whether the student is eli-
gible for services under section 504 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794); and 
‘‘(C) best practices, as defined by national 
neurological medical specialty and sports health organizations, designed to ensure, with respect to concussions, the uniformity of safety standards, treatment, and manage-ment, including— 
‘‘(i) disseminating information on concus-
sion safety and management to the public; and 
‘‘(ii) applying best practice and uniform 
standards for concussion safety and manage-ment to all students enrolled in the public schools served by the local educational agen-cy. 
‘‘(2) P
OSTING OF INFORMATION ON CONCUS -
SIONS .—Each public school in the State shall 
post on school grounds, in a manner that is visible to students and school personnel, and make publicly available on the school website, information on concussions that— 
‘‘(A) is based on peer-reviewed scientific 
evidence or consensus (such as information made available by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention); 
‘‘(B) shall include— ‘‘(i) the risks posed by sustaining a concus-
sion or multiple concussions; 
‘‘(ii) the actions a student should take in 
response to sustaining a concussion, includ-ing the notification of school personnel; and 
‘‘(iii) the signs and symptoms of a concus-
sion; and 
‘‘(C) may include— ‘‘(i) the definition of a concussion under 
section 9582(1); 
‘‘(ii) the means available to the student to 
reduce the incidence or recurrence of a con-cussion; and 
‘‘(iii) the effects of a concussion on aca-
demic learning and performance. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE TO A CONCUSSION .—If any 
school personnel of a public school in the State suspect that a student has sustained a concussion during a school-sponsored ath-letic activity or other school-sponsored ac-tivity— 
‘‘(A) the student shall be— ‘‘(i) immediately removed from participa-
tion in such activity; and 
‘‘(ii) prohibited from resuming participa-
tion in school-sponsored athletic activities— 
‘‘(I) on the day the student sustained the 
concussion; and 
‘‘(II) until the day the student is capable of 
resuming such participation, according to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.052 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4879 July 8, 2015 
the student’s written release, as described in 
paragraphs (4) and (5); 
‘‘(B) the school personnel shall report to 
the concussion management team described under paragraph (1)(B)(i)— 
‘‘(i) that the student may have sustained a 
concussion; and 
‘‘(ii) all available information with respect 
to the student’s injury; and 
‘‘(C) the concussion management team 
shall confirm and report to the parents of the student— 
‘‘(i) the type of injury, and the date and 
time of the injury, suffered by the student; and 
‘‘(ii) any actions that have been taken to 
treat the student. 
‘‘(4) R
ETURN TO ATHLETICS .—If a student 
enrolled in a public school in the State sus-tains a concussion, before the student re-sumes participation in school-sponsored ath-letic activities, the relevant school per-sonnel shall receive a written release from a health care professional, that— 
‘‘(A) may require the student to follow a 
plan designed to aid the student in recov-ering and resuming participation in such ac-tivities in a manner that— 
‘‘(i) is coordinated, as appropriate, with pe-
riods of cognitive and physical rest while symptoms of a concussion persist; and 
‘‘(ii) reintroduces cognitive and physical 
demands on the student on a progressive basis so long as such increases in exertion do not cause the re-emergence or worsening of symptoms of a concussion; and 
‘‘(B) states that the student is capable of 
resuming participation in such activities once the student is asymptomatic. 
‘‘(5) R
ETURN TO ACADEMICS .—If a student 
enrolled in a public school in the State has sustained a concussion, the concussion man-agement team (as described under paragraph (1)(B)(i)) of the school shall consult with and make recommendations to relevant school personnel and the student to ensure that the student is receiving the appropriate aca-demic supports, including— 
‘‘(A) providing for periods of cognitive rest 
over the course of the school day; 
‘‘(B) providing modified academic assign-
ments; 
‘‘(C) allowing for gradual reintroduction to 
cognitive demands; and 
‘‘(D) other appropriate academic accom-
modations or adjustments. 
‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—The 
certification required under subsection (a) shall be in writing and include a description of the law or regulation that meets the re-quirements of subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 9582. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: ‘‘(1) C
ONCUSSION .—The term ‘concussion’ 
means a type of mild traumatic brain injury that— 
‘‘(A) is caused by a blow, jolt, or motion to 
the head or body that causes the brain to move rapidly in the skull; 
‘‘(B) disrupts normal brain functioning and 
alters the physiological state of the indi-vidual, causing the individual to experi-ence— 
‘‘(i) any period of observed or self-re-
ported— 
‘‘(I) transient confusion, disorientation, or 
altered consciousness; 
‘‘(II) dysfunction of memory around the 
time of injury; or 
‘‘(III) disruptions in gait or balance; and ‘‘(ii) symptoms that may include— ‘‘(I) physical symptoms, such as headache, 
fatigue, or dizziness; 
‘‘(II) cognitive symptoms, such as memory 
disturbance or slowed thinking; 
‘‘(III) emotional symptoms, such as irrita-
bility or sadness; or ‘‘(IV) difficulty sleeping; and 
‘‘(C) occurs— ‘‘(i) with or without the loss of conscious-
ness; and 
‘‘(ii) during participation— ‘‘(I) in a school-sponsored athletic activity; 
or 
‘‘(II) in any other activity without regard 
to whether the activity takes place on school property or during the school day. 
‘‘(2) H
EALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL .—The 
term ‘health care professional’ means a phy-sician (including a medical doctor or doctor of osteopathic medicine), registered nurse, athletic trainer, physical therapist, neuropsychologist, or other qualified indi-vidual— 
‘‘(A) who is registered, licensed, certified, 
or otherwise statutorily recognized by the State to provide medical treatment; and 
‘‘(B) whose scope of practice and experi-
ence includes the diagnosis and management of traumatic brain injury among a pediatric population. 
‘‘(3) P
ARENT .—The term ‘parent’ means bi-
ological or adoptive parents or legal guard-ians, as determined by applicable State law. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC SCHOOL .—The term ‘public 
school’ means an elementary school or sec-ondary school (as such terms are so defined), including any public charter school that is considered a local educational agency under State law, and which is not an Internet- or computer-based community school. 
‘‘(5) S
CHOOL PERSONNEL .—The term ‘school 
personnel’ has the meaning given such term in section 4151, except that such term in-cludes coaches and athletic trainers. 
‘‘(6) S
CHOOL -SPONSORED ATHLETIC ACTIV -
ITY.—The term ‘school-sponsored athletic ac-
tivity’ means— 
‘‘(A) any physical education class or pro-
gram of a public school; 
‘‘(B) any athletic activity authorized by a 
public school that takes place during the school day on the school’s property; 
‘‘(C) any activity of an extracurricular 
sports team, club, or league organized by a public school; and 
‘‘(D) any recess activity of a public 
school.’’. 
SA 2161. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. 
REED, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. B ROWN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(N) how the State will measure and report 
on indicators of student access to critical educational resources and identify dispari-ties in such resources (referred to for pur-poses of this Act as an ‘Opportunity Dash-board of Core Resources’) for each local edu-cational agency and each public school in the State in a manner that— 
‘‘(i) provides data on each indicator, for all 
students and disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in sub-section (b)(3)(A); and 
‘‘(ii) is based on the indicators described in 
clauses (v), (vii), (x), (xiii), and (xiv) of sub-section (d)(1)(C) and not less than 3 of the following: 
‘‘(I) access to qualified paraprofessionals, 
and specialized instructional support per-sonnel, who are certified or licensed by the State; 
‘‘(II) availability of health and wellness 
programs; ‘‘(III) availability of dedicated school li-
brary programs and modern instructional materials and school facilities; 
‘‘(IV) enrollment in early childhood edu-
cation programs and full-day, 5-day-a-week kindergarten; and 
‘‘(V) availability of core academic subject 
courses; 
‘‘(O) how the State will develop plans with 
local educational agencies, including a timeline with annual benchmarks, to address disparities identified under subparagraph (N) and, if a local educational agency does not achieve the applicable annual benchmarks for two consecutive years, how the State will allocate resources and supports to such local educational agency based on the identified needs; 
On page 82, between lines 23 and 24, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xviii) Information on the indicators of 
student access to critical educational re-sources selected by the State, as described in subsection (c)(1)(N), for all students and disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), for each local educational agency and each school in the State and by the categories de-scribed in clause (vii). 
On page 115, after line 25, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
ESOURCE , SUPPORT , AND PROGRAM  
AVAILABILITY .—A local educational agency 
that receives funds under this part shall no-tify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agen-cy will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the availability of critical educational re-sources, supports, and programs, as described in the State plan in accordance with section 1111(c)(1)(N). 
SA 2162. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 52, strike line 3 and all that fol-
lows through line 9 and insert the following: 
‘‘(K) P ARENTAL NOTIFICATION AND OPT - 
OUT.— 
‘‘(i) N OTIFICATION .—Each State receiving 
funds under this part shall ensure that the parents of each child in the State who are scheduled to take an assessment described in this paragraph during the academic year are notified, at the beginning of that academic year, about any such assessment that their child is scheduled to take and the following information about each such assessment: 
‘‘(I) The dates when the assessment will 
take place. 
‘‘(II) The subject of the assessment. ‘‘(III) Any additional information that the 
State believes will best inform parents re-garding the assessment their child is sched-uled to take. 
‘‘(ii) D
ELAYED OR CHANGED ASSESSMENT IN -
FORMATION .—If any of the information de-
scribed in clause (i) is not available at the beginning of the academic school year, or if the initial information provided at that time is changed, the State shall ensure that a sub-sequent notification is provided to parents not less than 14 days prior to the scheduled assessment, which shall include any new or changed information. 
‘‘(iii) O
PT-OUT.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-
quirement described in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.052 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4880 July 8, 2015 
1111(b)(3)(B)(vi), or any other provision of 
law, upon the request of the parent of a child made in accordance with subclause (II), and for any reason or no reason at all stated by the parent, a State shall allow the child to opt out of the assessments described in this paragraph. Such an opt-out, or any action related to that opt-out, may not be used by the Secretary, the State, any State or local agency, or any school leader or employee as the basis for any corrective action, penalty, or other consequence against the parent, the child, any school leader or employee, or the school. 
‘‘(II) F
ORM OF PARENTAL OPT -OUT RE -
QUEST .—Unless a State has implemented an 
alternative process for parents to opt out of assessments as described in this subpara-graph, a parent shall request to have their child opt out of an assessment by submitting such request to their child’s school in writ-ing. 
‘‘(iv) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirements re-
lating to notification and opt-out in this subparagraph shall only apply to federally mandated assessments. A State may imple-ment separate requirements for notification and opt-out relating to State and locally mandated assessments.’’. 
On page 58, on line 21, after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ 
insert ‘‘(except that such 95 percent require-ments shall exclude any student who, pursu-ant to paragraph (2)(K), opts out of an assess-ment)’’. 
SA 2163. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 9115, insert the following: 
SEC. 9116. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING 
TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections, 9114 and 9115, and redesignated by section 9601, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 9539A. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARD-
ING TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
‘‘Nothing in this Act shall authorize the 
Secretary to, or shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) prohibit a child from traveling to and 
from school on foot or by car, bus, or bike when the parent of the child has given per-mission; or 
‘‘(2) expose a parent to civil or criminal 
charges for allowing their child to respon-sibly and safely travel to and from school by a means the parent believes is age appro-priate.’’. 
SA 2164. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 44, strike lines 19 through 25. 
On page 47, lines 19 through 21, strike ‘‘, 
consistent with the 1 percent limitation of clause (i)(I)’’. 
SA 2165. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 58, line 19, insert ‘‘(excluding stu-
dents whose parent opts the student out of assessments under paragraph (2) in accord-ance with a State or local educational agen-cy policy, procedure, or parental right re-garding student participation in any man-dated assessments for the student)’’ after ‘‘students,’’. 
SA 2166. Mr. BROWN (for himself, 
Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After part B of title X, insert the fol-
lowing: 
PART C—AMERICORPS SCHOOL 
TURNAROUND 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘AmeriCorps 
School Turnaround Act of 2015’’ 
SEC. 10302. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Students are most successful when they 
have personal, attentive support. 
(2) Turning schools around requires col-
laboration among teachers, administrators, counselors, business leaders, the philan-thropic sector, and community members. 
(3) National service provides valuable sup-
port to elementary schools and secondary schools and has a record for improving stu-dent academic achievement. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are to— 
(1) strengthen and accelerate interventions 
in the lowest-performing elementary schools and secondary schools; 
(2) provide financial support to eligible en-
tities that serve low-performing schools; 
(3) significantly improve outcomes for stu-
dents in persistently low-performing schools by— 
(A) providing opportunities for academic 
enrichment; 
(B) extending learning time; and (C) providing individual support for stu-
dents; and 
(4) improve high school graduation rates 
and college readiness for the most disadvan-taged students. 
SEC. 10303. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) C
HIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER .—The term 
‘‘Chief Executive Officer’’ means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service appointed under section 193 of the National and Com-munity Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12651c). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) an elementary school or secondary 
school; or 
(B) any of the following entities that serve 
low-performing schools: 
(i) Public or private nonprofit organiza-
tions, including faith-based and other com-munity organizations. 
(ii) Local educational agencies. (iii) Institutions of higher education. (iv) Government entities within States. (v) Indian Tribes. (vi) Labor organizations. (3) L
OW-PERFORMING SCHOOL .—The term 
‘‘low-performing school’’ means an elemen-tary school or secondary school that is iden-tified under section 1116 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6316). 
(4) N
ATIONAL SERVICE PARTICIPANT .—The 
term ‘‘national service participant’’ means an individual described under part III of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12591 et seq.). 
(5) S
CHOOL TURNAROUND CORPS PROJECT .— 
The term ‘‘School Turnaround Corps project’’ means a project carried out by an eligible entity that is a permissible use of funds for a grant under this part. 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
SEC. 10304. INTERAGENCY AGREEMENT FOR 
SCHOOL TURNAROUND GRANTS. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY AGREEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Executive Offi-
cer shall enter into an interagency agree-ment with the Secretary similar to an inter-agency agreement described in section 121(b)(1) of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12571(b)(1)) re-garding the grant program described in sec-tion 10305, except that funds appropriated under this part may be used as if for the pur-poses for which funds may be provided through grants under section 121(a) of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12571(a)). 
(2) A
MENDMENT TO THE NCSA .—Section 
121(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 12571(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) S
CHOOL TURNAROUND GRANT INTER -
AGENCY AGREEMENT .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), the Corporation shall enter into an interagency agreement similar to an inter-agency agreement described in paragraph (1) with the Secretary of Education under this subsection regarding the school turnaround grant program described in section 10305 of the AmeriCorps School Turnaround Act of 2015.’’. 
(b) A
PPROVED NATIONAL SERVICE POSI-
TIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Executive Offi-
cer shall approve positions for School Turn-around Corps projects as approved national service positions in accordance with subtitle C of title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12571 et seq.). 
(2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE AND AP -
PROVED POSITIONS UNAFFECTED .—Nothing in 
this part shall be construed to affect the dis-tribution of assistance or approved national service positions under section 129 of the Na-tional and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12581). 
(c) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS APPROPRIATED .— 
(1) N ATIONAL SERVICE TRUST .—For purposes 
of section 145(a)(1) of the National and Com-munity Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12601(a)(1)), a portion of the funds appro-priated under this part, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer based on the number of participants selected for School Turn-around Corps projects, shall be treated as funds made available to carry out subtitle D of title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12601 et seq.). 
(2) I
NVESTMENT OF TRUST FUNDS .—For pur-
poses of subsection (b) of section 145 of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12601), a portion of the funds appro-priated under this part, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer based on the number of participants selected for School Turn-around Corps projects, shall be treated as if appropriated to the Trust established under such section. 
(3) R
ESERVE ACCOUNT .—For purposes of sec-
tion 149(b)(1)(B)(ii) of the National and Com-munity Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.053 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4881 July 8, 2015 
12606(b)(1)(B)(ii)), a portion of the funds ap-
propriated under this part, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer based on the 
number of participants selected for School Turnaround Corps projects, shall be treated as funds appropriated for the fiscal year in-volved under section 501 of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12681) and made available to carry out sub-title C or D of title I of such Act (42 U.S.C. 12571 et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 12601 et seq.). 
(4) A
UDITS .—For purposes of section 149(c) 
of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12606(c)), funds appropriated under this part shall be treated as appro-priated funds for approved national service positions. 
SEC. 10305. SCHOOL TURNAROUND GRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts made 
available under this part after the reserva-tion described in subsection (b), the Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with the Secretary, shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to enable such eligible entities— 
(1) to improve the academic achievement 
of elementary school and secondary school students; and 
(2) to select national service participants 
and engage such participants’ in School Turnaround Corps projects. 
(b) A
MOUNTS RESERVED .—The Chief Execu-
tive Officer shall reserve not less than 1 per-cent, and not more than 2 percent, of the amount appropriated to carry out this part for each fiscal year to award grants under this part to Indian tribes and organizations serving tribal populations. 
(c) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under this 
part, the Chief Executive Officer, in con-sultation with the Secretary— 
(1) shall give priority to eligible entities 
that will serve significant populations of low-income students; and 
(2) may give priority to eligible entities 
that— 
(A) are located in low-income commu-
nities; 
(B) will serve communities with significant 
populations of families with limited English proficiency; 
(C) will place national service participants 
in urban or rural areas; or 
(D) will increase the ability of educators to 
provide appropriate services and coordinate activities with State and local systems pro-viding services under part B of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.) for children with develop-mental delays or disabilities, including such children in the child welfare system of the State. 
(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this section shall use the funds made available through the grant to carry out 1 or more of the activities de-scribed in paragraphs (2) through (6), and shall engage national service participants to carry out such activities. 
(2) I
NCREASING HIGH -QUALITY , INDIVIDUAL -
IZED LEARNING TIME .—Improving the quality 
and frequency of individualized learning time provided to elementary school and sec-ondary school students by providing individ-ualized support, which may include increas-ing postsecondary education enrollment rates through postsecondary education prep-aration counseling assistance, including as-sistance with completing the Free Applica-tion for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and applications for institutions of higher edu-cation, and educating students and their families about financial literacy for postsec-ondary education. 
(3) O
UT-OF-SCHOOL AND EXTENDED LEARNING  
PROGRAMS .—Increasing personalized, out-of- school and extended learning programs pro-
vided to elementary school and secondary school students by engaging national service participants to serve as— 
(A) tutors who provide individualized, aca-
demic support outside of the standard school day; and 
(B) family resource mentors who connect 
the student, family, and school in an open conversation about the student’s academic situation. 
(4) C
OLLEGE AND CAREER READINESS AND  
GRADUATION COACHES .—The provision of indi-
vidual graduation, postsecondary education, and career preparation guidance and assist-ance by college or career planing advisors. 
(5) S
CHOOLWIDE ACTIVITIES .—Carrying out 
schoolwide activities, including— 
(A) establishing a school culture and envi-
ronment that improves school safety, at-tendance, and discipline and addressing other non-academic factors that impact stu-dent achievement, such as students’ social, emotional, and health needs; and 
(B) carrying out activities to increase 
graduation rates, such as early warning sys-tems, credit-recovery programs, and re-en-gagement strategies. 
(6) A
CCELERATING READING AND MATHE -
MATICS KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS .—The provi-
sion of activities to accelerate students’ ac-quisition of reading and mathematics knowl-edge and skills. 
SEC. 10306. ANNUAL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As a condition on receipt 
of any funds for a program under this part, each grantee shall agree to submit an annual report at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Chief Ex-ecutive Officer, in consultation with the Sec-retary, may require. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—At a minimum, each annual 
report under this subsection shall describe— 
(1) the degree to which progress has been 
made toward meeting the annual bench-marks and long-term goals and objectives described in the grant recipient’s applica-tion; and 
(2) demographic data about low-performing 
schools, including the number of low-income and minority students, served in each pro-gram. 
SEC. 10307. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. 
SA 2167. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5011. IMPROVING EDUCATION FACILITIES. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5010, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART J—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGI-
NEERING, MATHEMATICS, CAREER, AND TECHNICAL FACILITIES 
‘‘SEC. 5911. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) C
AREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘career and technical education’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, 
‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘com-
munity college’ means— ‘‘(A) a junior or community college, as 
that term is defined in section 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965; or 
‘‘(B) an institution of higher education (as 
defined in section 101 of such Act) that 
awards a significant number of degrees and certificates, as determined by the Secretary, that are not— 
‘‘(i) baccalaureate degrees (or an equiva-
lent); or 
‘‘(ii) master’s, professional, or other ad-
vanced degrees. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a local educational agency, community college, or other entity deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED PROJECT .—The term ‘quali-
fied project’— 
‘‘(A) means the modernization, renovation, 
or repair of a facility that will be used to im-prove the quality and availability of science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or career and technical education instruction to public elementary school or secondary school, or community college, students, and that may include— 
‘‘(i) improving the energy efficiency of the 
facility; 
‘‘(ii) improving the cost-effectiveness of 
the facility in delivering quality education; 
‘‘(iii) improving student, faculty, and staff 
health and safety at the facility; 
‘‘(iv) improving, installing, or upgrading 
educational technology infrastructure; 
‘‘(v) retrofitting an existing building for 
career and technical education purposes; and 
‘‘(vi) a one-time repair of serviceable 
equipment at the facility, or replacement of equipment at the facility that is at the end of its serviceable lifespan, that will be used to further educational outcomes; and 
‘‘(B) does not include new construction or 
the payment of routine maintenance costs. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEER-
ING, MATHEMATICS, CAREER, AND TECHNICAL FACILITIES IMPROVE-MENT. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From 
amounts appropriated under subsection (g), the Secretary shall carry out a program to improve science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or career and technical edu-cation facilities by— 
‘‘(1) awarding grants to eligible entities to 
enable the eligible entities to carry out qualified projects; 
‘‘(2) guaranteeing loans made to eligible 
entities for qualified projects; or 
‘‘(3) making payments of interest on bonds, 
loans, or other financial instruments (other than a refinancing) that are issued to eligi-ble entities for qualified projects. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant, loan guarantee, or payment of interest under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such a time, in such a manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. The application shall include— 
‘‘(1) a detailed description of the qualified 
project; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a qualified project de-
scribed in section 5911(4)(A)(vi), a description of the educational outcomes to be furthered by the one-time repair of serviceable equip-ment or replacement of equipment; 
‘‘(3) an indication as to whether the eligi-
ble entity prefers to receive a grant, loan guarantee, or payment of interest; 
‘‘(4) a description of the need for the quali-
fied project; 
‘‘(5) a description of how the eligible entity 
will ensure that the qualified project will be adequately maintained; 
‘‘(6) an identification of any public elemen-
tary school or secondary school or commu-nity college that will benefit from the quali-fied project; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.065 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4882 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(7) a description of how the qualified 
project will improve instruction and edu-cational outcomes at the facility, including any opportunities to integrate project ac-tivities within the curriculum of such school or community college; 
‘‘(8) a description of how the facility sup-
ported by the qualified project will be used for providing educational services in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or career and technical education; 
‘‘(9) a description of how the eligible entity 
will ensure that the modernization, renova-tion, or repair supported by the qualified project meets Leadership in Energy and En-vironmental Design (LEED) building rating standards, Energy Star standards, Collabo-rative for High Performance Schools (CHPS) criteria, Green Building Initiative environ-mental design and rating standards (Green Globes), the Living Building Challenge cer-tification standards, or equivalent standards adopted by entities with jurisdiction over or related to the eligible entity; 
‘‘(10) a description of the fiscal capacity of 
the eligible entity; 
‘‘(11) the percentage of students enrolled in 
the public elementary school or secondary school or community college to be served by 
the qualified project who are from low-in-come families; 
‘‘(12) in the case of a qualified project at a 
facility that is used by students in a sec-ondary school, the secondary school gradua-tion rates; and 
‘‘(13) such additional information and as-
surances as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .—In making awards under 
this part, the Secretary shall use not less than a total of 25 percent of the funds appro-priated under subsection (g) to eligible enti-ties for qualified projects to benefit— 
‘‘(1) public elementary schools or sec-
ondary schools served by high-need local educational agencies, as described in section 2202(b)(2)(A); or 
‘‘(2) community colleges serving a substan-
tial number of rural students, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this part shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Fed-eral and State funds available to carry out the activities supported under this part. 
‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND ADMINIS -
TRATIVE COSTS.—The Secretary may reserve 
not more than 3 percent of funds appro-priated under subsection (g) for the adminis-trative costs of this part and to provide tech-nical assistance to community colleges and local educational agencies concerning best practices in school facility renovation, re-pair, and modernization. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later 
than 1 year after funds are appropriated to carry out this part, and every 2 years there-after, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the effect of the qualified projects supported under this part on improving aca-demic achievement. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2168. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: ‘‘PART J—SCHOOL FACILITIES 
‘‘SEC. 5910. GRANTS FOR SCHOOL REPAIR, REN-
OVATION, AND CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘charter 
school’ has the meaning given the term in section 5110. 
‘‘(2) CHPS 
CRITERIA .—The term ‘CHPS Cri-
teria’ means the green building rating cri-teria developed by the Collaborative for High Performance Schools. 
‘‘(3) E
ARLY LEARNING FACILITY .—The term 
‘early learning facility’ means a public facil-ity that— 
‘‘(A) serves children who are not yet in 
kindergarten; and 
‘‘(B) is under the jurisdiction of a local 
educational agency. 
‘‘(4) E
NERGY STAR .—The term ‘Energy Star’ 
means the Energy Star program of the De-partment of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(5) G
REEN GLOBES .—The term ‘Green 
Globes’ means the Green Building Initiative environmental design and rating system. 
‘‘(6) H
IGH-NEED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘high-need local educational 
agency’ has the meaning given the term in section 2201(b)(2). 
‘‘(7) LEED 
GREEN BUILDING RATING SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘LEED Green Building Rat-
ing System’ means the United States Green Building Council Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design green building rating system. 
‘‘(8) L
IVING BUILDING CHALLENGE .—The 
term ‘Living Building Challenge’ means the Living Building Challenge building certifi-cation program. 
‘‘(9) P
UBLIC SCHOOL FACILITY .—The term 
‘public school facility’ means a public ele-mentary or secondary school facility, includ-ing a public charter school facility or an ex-isting facility planned for adaptive reuse as a public charter school facility. 
‘‘(10) R
URAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— 
The term ‘rural local educational agency’ means a local educational agency that meets the eligibility requirements under— 
‘‘(A) section 6211(b) for participation in the 
program described in subpart 1 of part B of title VI; or 
‘‘(B) section 6221(b)(1) for participation in 
the program described in subpart 2 of part B of title VI. 
‘‘(11) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the several states of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(12) S
TATE ENTITY .—The term ‘State enti-
ty’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 5103. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATIONS .—From the funds appro-
priated under subsection (i) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve 1 percent to pro-vide assistance to the outlying areas and for payments to the Secretary of the Interior to provide assistance to schools funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. Funds allocated under this paragraph shall be reserved by the Secretary for distribution among the out-lying areas and the Secretary of the Interior on the basis of their relative need for public elementary school and secondary school re-pair, renovation, and construction, as deter-mined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION TO STATE EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—From the funds appropriated 
under subsection (i) for a fiscal year that are not reserved under paragraph (1) for the fis-cal year, the Secretary shall allocate to each State educational agency serving a State an amount that bears the same relation to the funds as the amount the State received under part A of title I for the fiscal year pre-ceding the fiscal year for which the deter-mination is made bears to the amount all 
States received under such part for such pre-ceding fiscal year, except that no such State educational agency shall receive less than 0.5 percent of the amount allocated under this subsection. 
‘‘(c) W
ITHIN -STATE DISTRIBUTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ADMINIS -
TRATION AND OTHER COSTS .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (D), each State edu-cational agency may reserve not more than 1 percent of the State educational agency’s allocation under subsection (b) for the pur-poses of administering the distribution of grants under this subsection and awarding grants under subparagraph (C)(v). 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED USES .—The State edu-
cational agency shall use a portion of the funds reserved under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) to provide technical assistance to local 
educational agencies; and 
‘‘(ii) to establish or support a State-level 
database of public school facility inventory, condition, design, and utilization, which shall include for each school facility— 
‘‘(I) the age of the facility; ‘‘(II) the total square footage of the facil-
ity that is used for academic or technical classroom instruction; and 
‘‘(III) the year of the last major renovation 
of the facility. 
‘‘(C) P
ERMISSIBLE USES .—The State edu-
cational agency may use a portion of the funds reserved under subparagraph (A) for— 
‘‘(i) developing a statewide public school 
educational facility master plan; 
‘‘(ii) developing policies, procedures, and 
standards for high-quality, energy efficient public school facilities; 
‘‘(iii) supporting interagency collaboration 
that will lead to broad community use of public school facilities, and school-based services for students served by high-need local educational agencies or rural local edu-cational agencies; 
‘‘(iv) helping to defray the cost of issuing 
State bonds to finance public elementary school and secondary school repair, renova-tion, and construction; and 
‘‘(v) awarding grants to State-operated or 
State-supported schools, such as a State school for the deaf or for the blind, to enable such schools to carry out school repair, ren-
ovation, and construction activities in ac-cordance with subsection (d). 
‘‘(D) S
TATE ENTITY ADMINISTRATION AND  
OTHER COSTS .—If the State educational agen-
cy transfers funds to a State entity described in paragraph (2)(A), the State educational agency shall transfer to such State entity not less than 75 percent of the amount re-served under subparagraph (A) for the pur-pose of carrying out the activities described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF COMPETITIVE SCHOOL  
REPAIR , RENOVATION , AND CONSTRUCTION  
GRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Of the funds allocated to 
a State educational agency under subsection (b) that are not reserved under paragraph (1), the State educational agency shall distribute 100 percent of such funds to local educational agencies or, if the State educational agency is not responsible for the financing of public school facilities, the State educational agen-cy shall transfer such funds to the State en-tity responsible for the financing of public school facilities for distribution by such State entity to local educational agencies in accordance with this paragraph, to be used, consistent with subsection (d), for public ele-mentary school or secondary school repair, renovation, and construction. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS TO LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—The State educational 
agency or State entity shall carry out a pro-gram to award grants, on a competitive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.065 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4883 July 8, 2015 
basis, to local educational agencies for pub-
lic elementary school or secondary school re-pair, renovation, and construction. Of the total amount available for distribution to local educational agencies under this para-graph, the State educational agency or State entity, shall, in carrying out the grant com-petition— 
‘‘(i) award to high-need local educational 
agencies, in the aggregate, not less than an amount which bears the same relationship to such total amount as the aggregate amount such high-need local educational agencies re-ceived under part A of title I for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made bears to the aggre-gate amount received for such preceding fis-cal year under such part by all local edu-cational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(ii) award to rural local educational agen-
cies in the State, in the aggregate, not less than an amount which bears the same rela-tionship to such total amount as the aggre-gate amount such rural local educational agencies received under part A of title I for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made bears to the aggregate amount received for such pre-ceding fiscal year under such part by all local educational agencies in the State; and 
‘‘(iii) award the remaining funds to local 
educational agencies in the State that did not receive a grant award under clause (i) or (ii), including to high-need local educational agencies and rural local educational agencies that did not receive a grant award under clause (i) or (ii). 
‘‘(C) C
RITERIA FOR AWARDING GRANTS .—In 
awarding competitive grants under this paragraph, a State educational agency or State entity shall take into account the fol-lowing criteria: 
‘‘(i) P
ERCENTAGE OF POOR CHILDREN .—The 
percentage of children served by the local educational agency who are between 5 to 17 years of age, inclusive, and who are from families with incomes below the poverty line. 
‘‘(ii) N
EED FOR SCHOOL REPAIR , RENOVATION , 
AND CONSTRUCTION .—The need of a local edu-
cational agency for school repair, renova-tion, and construction, as demonstrated by the condition of the public school facilities of the local educational agency or the local educational agency’s need for such facilities. 
‘‘(iii) G
REEN SCHOOLS .—The extent to which 
a local educational agency will make use, in the repair, renovation, or construction to be undertaken, of green practices that are cer-tified, verified, or consistent with any appli-cable provisions of— 
‘‘(I) the LEED Green Building Rating Sys-
tem; 
‘‘(II) Energy Star; ‘‘(III) the CHPS Criteria; ‘‘(IV) the Living Building Challenge; ‘‘(V) Green Globes; or ‘‘(VI) an equivalent program adopted by 
the State or another jurisdiction with au-thority over the local educational agency. 
‘‘(iv) F
ISCAL CAPACITY .—The fiscal capacity 
of a local educational agency to meet the needs of the local educational agency for re-pair, renovation, and construction of public school facilities without assistance under this section, including the ability of the local educational agency to raise funds through the use of local bonding capacity and otherwise. 
‘‘(v) L
IKELIHOOD OF MAINTAINING THE FACIL -
ITY.—The likelihood that a local educational 
agency will maintain, in good condition, any public school facility whose repair, renova-tion, or construction is assisted under this section. 
‘‘(vi) C
HARTER SCHOOL EQUITABLE ACCESS TO  
FUNDING .—In the case of a local educational 
agency that proposes to fund a repair, ren-ovation, or construction project for a public 
charter school, the extent to which the pub-lic charter school lacks access to funding for school repair, renovation, and construction through the financing methods available to other public schools or local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(D) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency or State entity shall require local educational agencies to match funds awarded under this paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) M
ATCH AMOUNT .—The amount of a 
match described in clause (i) may be estab-lished by using a sliding scale that takes into account the relative poverty of the pop-ulation served by the local educational agen-cy. 
‘‘(d) R
ULES APPLICABLE TO SCHOOL REPAIR , 
RENOVATION , AND CONSTRUCTION .—With re-
spect to funds made available under this sec-tion that are used for school repair, renova-tion, and construction, the following rules shall apply: 
‘‘(1) P
ERMISSIBLE USES OF FUNDS .—School 
repair, renovation, and construction shall be limited to 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(A) Upgrades, repair, construction, or re-
placement of public elementary school or secondary school building systems or compo-nents to improve the quality of education and ensure the health and safety of students and staff, including— 
‘‘(i) repairing, replacing, or constructing 
early learning facilities at public elementary 
schools (including renovation of existing fa-cilities to serve children under 5 years of age); 
‘‘(ii) repairing, replacing, or installing 
roofs, windows, doors, electrical wiring, plumbing systems, or sewage systems; 
‘‘(iii) repairing, replacing, or installing 
heating, ventilation, or air conditioning sys-tems (including insulation); and 
‘‘(iv) bringing such public schools into 
compliance with fire and safety codes. 
‘‘(B) Public school facilities modifications 
necessary to render public school facilities accessible in order to comply with the Amer-icans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and section 504 of the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794). 
‘‘(C) Improvements to the environmental 
conditions of public elementary school or secondary school sites, including asbestos abatement or removal, and the reduction or elimination of human exposure to lead-based paint, mold, or mildew. 
‘‘(D) Measures designed to reduce or elimi-
nate human exposure to classroom noise and environmental noise pollution. 
‘‘(E) Modifications necessary to reduce the 
consumption of electricity, natural gas, oil, water, coal, or land. 
‘‘(F) Upgrades or installations of edu-
cational technology infrastructure to ensure that students have access to up-to-date edu-cational technology. 
‘‘(G) Measures that will broaden or im-
prove the use of public elementary school or secondary school buildings and grounds by the community in order to improve edu-cational outcomes. 
‘‘(2) I
MPERMISSIBLE USES OF FUNDS .—No 
funds received under this section may be used for— 
‘‘(A) payment of maintenance costs in con-
nection with any projects constructed in whole or part with Federal funds provided under this section; 
‘‘(B) purchase or upgrade of vehicles; ‘‘(C) improvement or construction of 
stand-alone facilities whose purpose is not the education of children, including central office administration or operations or logistical support facilities; ‘‘(D) purchase of information technology 
hardware, including computers, monitors, or printers; 
‘‘(E) stadiums or other facilities primarily 
used for athletic contests or exhibitions or other events for which admission is charged to the general public; or 
‘‘(F) purchase of carbon offsets. ‘‘(3) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—A local 
educational agency or State-operated or State-supported school shall use Federal funds subject to this subsection only to sup-plement the amount of funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from non-Federal sources for school repair, renovation, and construction. 
‘‘(e) Q
UALIFIED BIDDERS ; C OMPETITION .— 
Each local educational agency that receives funds under subsection (c)(2) shall ensure that, if the local educational agency carries out repair, renovation, or construction through a contract, any such contract proc-ess ensures the maximum number of quali-
fied bidders, including small, minority, and women-owned businesses, through full and open competition. 
‘‘(f) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Each local edu-
cational agency receiving funds under sub-section (c)(2)— 
‘‘(1) shall provide an opportunity for public 
comment, and ensure that parents, edu-cators, and all other interested members of the community in which the school to be as-sisted is located have the opportunity to consult, on the use of the funds received under such subsection; 
‘‘(2) shall provide the public with adequate 
and efficient notice of the opportunity de-scribed in paragraph (1) in a widely read and distributed medium; and 
‘‘(3) shall provide the opportunity de-
scribed in paragraph (1) in accordance with any applicable State and local law specifying how the comments may be received and how the comments may be reviewed by any mem-ber of the public. 
‘‘(g) R
EPORTING .— 
‘‘(1) L OCAL REPORTING .—Each local edu-
cational agency receiving funds under sub-section (c)(2) shall submit a report to the State educational agency, at such time as the State educational agency may require, describing the use of such funds for school repair, renovation, and construction. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE REPORTING .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving funds under sub-section (b) shall submit to the Secretary, at such time as the Secretary may require, a report on the use of funds received under this section and made available to local edu-cational agencies (and, if applicable, to State-operated or State-sponsored schools) for school repair, renovation, and construc-tion. 
‘‘(h) R
EALLOCATION .—If a State educational 
agency does not apply for an allocation of funds under subsection (b) for a fiscal year, or does not use the State educational agen-cy’s entire allocation for such fiscal year, then the Secretary may reallocate the amount of the State educational agency’s al-location (or the remainder thereof, as the case may be) for such fiscal year to the re-maining State educational agencies in ac-cordance with subsection (b). 
‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
‘‘SEC. 5911. NATIONAL CENTER FOR EDUCATION 
STATISTICS STUDY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of 
the National Center for Education Statistics shall conduct a study of the condition of public school facilities in the United States. 
‘‘(b) E
STIMATES AND MEASURES .—In con-
ducting the study, the Commissioner of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.066 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4884 July 8, 2015 
National Center for Education Statistics 
shall— 
‘‘(1) estimate the costs needed to repair 
and renovate all public elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States to good overall condition; and 
‘‘(2) measure recent expenditures of Fed-
eral, State, local, and private funds for pub-lic elementary school and secondary school repair, renovation, and construction costs in the United States. 
‘‘(c) A
NALYSIS .—In conducting the study, 
the Commissioner of the National Center for Education Statistics shall examine trends in expenditures of Federal, State, local, and private funds since fiscal year 2001 for repair, renovation, and construction activities for public elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States, including ex-amining the differences between the types of schools assisted, and the types of repair, ren-ovation, and construction activities con-ducted, with those expenditures. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—The Commissioner of the 
National Center for Education Statistics shall prepare and submit to Congress a re-port containing the results of the study.’’. 
SA 2169. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 76, line 13, insert ‘‘and for purposes 
of subclause (II), homeless status and status as a child in foster care,’’ after ‘‘(b)(3)(A),’’. 
SA 2170. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 623, strike line 8 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(14) a description of how the State will 
support, through the use of professional de-velopment, early childhood education pro-grams that maintain disciplinary policies that do not include expulsion or suspension of participating children, except as a last re-sort in extraordinary circumstances where— 
‘‘(A) there is a determination of a serious 
safety threat; and 
‘‘(B) policies are in place to provide appro-
priate alternative early educational services to expelled or suspended children while they are out of school; and’’. 
SA 2171. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 492, after line 22, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 4006. GRANTS FOR THE INTEGRATION OF 
SCHOOLS AND MENTAL HEALTH SYS-TEMS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 4001, 4004, and 4005, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART E—GRANTS TO IMPROVE THE 
MENTAL HEALTH OF CHILDREN 
‘‘SEC. 4501. GRANTS FOR THE INTEGRATION OF 
SCHOOLS AND MENTAL HEALTH SYS-TEMS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary is au-
thorized to award grants to, or enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with, State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, Indian tribes or their trib-al education agency, a school operated by the Bureau of Indian Education, or a Re-gional Corporation (as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)) for the purpose of increasing student access to quality mental health care and support by developing innovative pro-grams to link local school systems with local mental health systems, such as those under the Indian Health Service. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION .—With respect to a grant, 
contract, or cooperative agreement awarded or entered into under this section, the period during which payments under such grant, contract or agreement are made to the re-cipient may not exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An entity that re-
ceives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall use amounts made available through such grant, contract, or cooperative agreement for the following: 
‘‘(1) To enhance, improve, or develop col-
laborative efforts between school-based serv-ice systems and mental health service sys-tems to provide, enhance, or improve preven-tion, diagnosis, and treatment services to students. 
‘‘(2) To enhance the availability of crisis 
intervention services and conflict resolution practices, such as those focused on decreas-ing rates of bullying, teen dating violence, suicide, trauma, and human trafficking (de-fined as an act or practice described in para-graph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)), as well as provide appropriate referrals for students potentially in need of mental health services, and ongoing mental health services. 
‘‘(3) To provide training and professional 
development for the school personnel and mental health professionals who will partici-pate in the program carried out under this section. 
‘‘(4) To provide technical assistance and 
consultation to school systems and mental health agencies as well as to families partici-pating in the program carried out under this section. 
‘‘(5) To provide linguistically appropriate 
and culturally competent services. 
‘‘(6) To evaluate the effectiveness of the 
program carried out under this section in in-creasing student access to quality mental health services, and make recommendations to the Secretary about the sustainability of the program. 
‘‘(7) To engage and utilize expertise pro-
vided by institutions of higher education, such as a Tribal College or University, as de-fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under this section, an entity described in subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require, such as the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the program to be 
funded under the grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement. 
‘‘(2) A description of how such program 
will increase access to quality mental health services for students. 
‘‘(3) A description of how the applicant will 
establish a crisis intervention program or conflict resolution practices, or both, that 
provide immediate mental health services to the school community as necessary. 
‘‘(4) An assurance that— ‘‘(A) persons providing services under the 
grant, contract, or cooperative agreement are adequately trained to provide such serv-ices; 
‘‘(B) the services will be provided in ac-
cordance with subsection (c); 
‘‘(C) teachers, administrators, parents or 
guardians, representatives of local Indian tribes, and other school personnel are aware of the program; and 
‘‘(D) parents or guardians of students par-
ticipating in services under this section will be engaged and involved in the design and implementation of the services. 
‘‘(5) An assurance that the applicant will 
support and integrate existing school-based services with the program in order to provide appropriate mental health services for stu-dents. 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the applicant will 
establish a program that will support stu-dents and the school in improving the school climate in order to support an environment conducive to learning. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION OF LEAD AGENCY .—A re-
cipient of a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall designate a lead agency to direct the establishment of an interagency agreement among local edu-cational agencies, juvenile justice authori-ties, mental health agencies, and other rel-evant entities in the State, in collaboration with local entities, such as Indian tribes. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The interagency agree-
ment shall ensure the provision of the serv-ices described in subsection (c), specifying with respect to each agency, authority, or entity— 
‘‘(A) the financial responsibility for the 
services; 
‘‘(B) the conditions and terms of responsi-
bility for the services, including quality, ac-countability, and coordination of the serv-ices; and 
‘‘(C) the conditions and terms of reim-
bursement among the agencies, authorities, or entities that are parties to the inter-agency agreement, including procedures for dispute resolution. 
‘‘(f) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate each program carried out under this section and shall disseminate the findings with respect to each such evaluation to ap-propriate public, tribal, and private entities. 
‘‘(g) D
ISTRIBUTION OF AWARDS .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure that grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements awarded or en-tered into under this section are equitably distributed among the geographical regions of the United States and among tribal, urban, suburban, and rural populations. 
‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed— 
‘‘(1) to prohibit an entity involved with a 
program carried out under this section from reporting a crime that is committed by a student to appropriate authorities; or 
‘‘(2) to prevent State and tribal law en-
forcement and judicial authorities from ex-ercising their responsibilities with regard to the application of Federal, tribal, and State law to crimes committed by a student. 
‘‘(i) S
UPPLEMENT , N OTSUPPLANT .—Any 
services provided through programs carried 
out under this section shall supplement, and not supplant, existing mental health serv-ices, including any services required to be provided under the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act. 
‘‘(j) C
ONSULTATION WITHINDIAN TRIBES .—In 
carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall, in a timely manner, meaningfully con-sult, engage, and cooperate with Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.066 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4885 July 8, 2015 
tribes and their representatives to ensure no-
tice of eligibility. 
‘‘(k) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2172. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 101, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(11) how the local education agency will 
implement strategies to facilitate effective transitions for students from middle school to high school and from high school to post-secondary education, including a description of the specific transition activities the local education agency will take, such as pro-viding students with access to dual or con-current enrollment opportunities that enable students during high school to earn postsec-ondary credit or an industry-recognized cre-dential that meets any quality standards re-quired by the State or utilizing comprehen-sive career counseling to identify student in-terests and skills; 
‘‘(12) if determined appropriate by the local 
education agency, how such agency will sup-port programs that promote integrated aca-demic and career and technical education content through coordinated instructional strategies, which may incorporate experien-tial learning opportunities;’’. 
On page 714, line 21, insert ‘‘career and 
technical education,’’ after ‘‘music,’’. 
On page 595, after line 21, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘PART J—CAREER AND TECHNICAL 
EDUCATION EXPLORATION PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 5910. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Building 
Understanding, Investment, Learning, and Direction Career and Technical Education Act of 2015’ or the ‘BUILD Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5911. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) The average high school graduation 
rate for students concentrating in career and technical education programs is 93 percent. 
‘‘(2) Students at schools with highly inte-
grated rigorous academic and career and technical education programs have signifi-cantly higher achievement in reading, math-ematics, and science than do students at schools with less integrated programs. 
‘‘(3) Four out of 5 graduates of secondary- 
level career and technical education pro-grams who pursued postsecondary education after secondary school had earned a creden-tial or were still enrolled in postsecondary education 2 years later. 
‘‘(4) Eighty percent of students taking a 
college preparatory academic curriculum with rigorous career and technical education programs met college and career readiness goals, compared to only 63 percent of stu-dents taking the same academic core who did not experience rigorous career and technical education programs. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. PILOT GRANT PROGRAM TO SUPPORT 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU-CATION EXPLORATION PROGRAM IN MIDDLE SCHOOLS AND HIGH SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are the following: 
‘‘(1) To provide students with opportunities 
to participate in career and technical edu-cation exploration programs and to provide 
information on available career and tech-nical education programs and their impact on college and career readiness. 
‘‘(2) To expand professional growth of, and 
career opportunities for, students through career and technical education exploration programs. 
‘‘(3) To enhance collaboration between edu-
cation providers and employers. 
‘‘(4) To develop or enhance career and tech-
nical education exploration programs with ties to a career and technical education pro-gram of study. 
‘‘(5) To evaluate students’ participation in 
coordinated middle school and high school career and technical education exploration programs. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF CAREER AND TECHNICAL  
EDUCATION EXPLORATION PROGRAM .—In this 
part, the term ‘career and technical edu-
cation exploration program’ means a course or series of courses that provides experien-tial learning opportunities in 1 or more pro-grams of study (including after school and during the summer), as appropriate, and the opportunity to connect experiential learning to education and career pathways that is of-fered to middle school students or high school students, or both. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
award grants to local educational agencies to support career and technical education ex-ploration programs. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT DURATION .—Grants awarded 
under this part shall be 2 years in duration. 
‘‘(3) D ISTRICT CAPACITY TAKEN INTO AC -
COUNT .—In awarding grants under paragraph 
(1), the Secretary shall take into account the resources and capacity of each local edu-cational agency that applies for a grant. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—A local educational 
agency that desires to receive a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Sec-retary may require. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part, the Secretary shall give priority to grant proposals that— 
‘‘(1) demonstrate— ‘‘(A) that a partnership among the local 
educational agency and business, industry, labor, or institutions of higher education, where appropriate to the grant project, ex-ists and will participate in carrying out grant activities under this part; 
‘‘(B) innovative and sustainable design; ‘‘(C) a curriculum aligned with State di-
ploma requirements; 
‘‘(D) a focus on preparing students, includ-
ing special populations and nontraditional students, with opportunities to explore ca-reers and skills required for jobs in their State and that provide high wages and are in demand; 
‘‘(E) a method of evaluating success; and ‘‘(F) that the programs to be assisted with 
grant funds are not receiving assistance under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.); and 
‘‘(2) include an assurance that— ‘‘(A) the local educational agency will fund 
the operational costs of the activities de-scribed in this part after the grant period ex-pires; and 
‘‘(B) if the local educational agency 
charges a fee to participate in the after school and summer components of the career and technical education exploration program to be carried out by the agency, the agency will implement such fee on a sliding scale ac-cording to income and established in a man-ner that makes participation financially fea-sible for all students. 
‘‘(f) U
SES OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that receives a grant under this part shall use the grant funds to carry out any of the following: 
‘‘(A) Leasing, purchasing, upgrading, or 
adapting equipment related to the content of career and technical education exploration program activities. 
‘‘(B) Program director, instructor, or other 
staff expenses to coordinate or implement program activities. 
‘‘(C) Consultation services with a direct 
alignment to the program goals. 
‘‘(D) Support of professional development 
programs aligned to the program goals. 
‘‘(E) Minor remodeling, if any, necessary to 
accommodate new equipment obtained pur-suant to subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(F) Evaluating the access to career and 
technical education exploration programs and the impact such programs have on the transition to career and technical programs of study (as described in section 122(c)(1)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2342(c)(1)(A))), or other postsecondary pro-grams of study, high school completion, and the number of students who earn an indus-try-recognized credential, associate’s degree, bachelor’s degree, or other career and tech-nical education related postsecondary credit in addition to a high school diploma. 
‘‘(2) U
SE AND OWNERSHIP OF MATERIALS OR  
EQUIPMENT .—Any materials or equipment 
purchased with grant funds awarded under this part shall be the property of the local educational agency. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—A local edu-
cational agency that receives a grant under this part may use not more than 5 percent of the grant funds for administrative costs as-sociated with carrying out activities under this part. 
‘‘(g) E
VALUATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that receives a grant under this part shall develop an evaluation plan of grant ac-tivities that shall include an evaluation of specific outcomes, described in paragraph (2), and progress toward meeting such outcomes within the timeline of the grant that shall be measurable through collection of appro-priate data or documented through other records. Such evaluation shall reflect the re-sources and capacity of the local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) O
UTCOMES .—The specific outcomes 
shall clearly address the following areas: 
‘‘(A) The extent of student participation in 
career and technical education exploration programs. 
‘‘(B) Improved rigor in technical or aca-
demic content aligned to diploma require-ments and industry recognized technical standards. 
‘‘(C) Improved alignment between career 
and technical education and other courses, including core academic subjects. 
‘‘(D) The impact such programs have on 
the transition to career and technical pro-grams of study (as described in section 122(c)(1)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2342(c)(1)(A))) and other postsecondary pro-grams of study. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION TO THE DEPARTMENT .—A 
local educational agency that receives a grant under this part shall submit evalua-tions conducted under this subsection to the Secretary. 
‘‘(h) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
received under this part shall be used to sup-plement, and not supplant, funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this part. 
‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.067 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4886 July 8, 2015 
carry out this part such sums as may be nec-
essary.’’. 
SA 2173. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 306, after line 23, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(V) conducting, and publicly reporting 
the results of, an annual assessment of edu-cator support and working conditions that— 
‘‘(i) evaluates supports for teachers, lead-
ers, and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) teacher and principal perceptions of 
availability of high-quality professional de-velopment and instructional materials; 
‘‘(II) timely availability of data on student 
academic achievement and growth; 
‘‘(III) the presence of high-quality instruc-
tional leadership; and 
‘‘(IV) opportunities for professional 
growth, such as career ladders and men-toring and induction programs; 
‘‘(ii) evaluates working conditions for 
teachers, leaders and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) school climate; ‘‘(II) school safety; ‘‘(III) class size; ‘‘(IV) availability and use of common plan-
ning time and opportunities to collaborate; and 
‘‘(V) community engagement; ‘‘(iii) is developed with teachers, leaders, 
other school personnel, parents, students, and the community; and 
‘‘(iv) includes the development and imple-
mentation, with the groups described in clause (iii), of a plan to address the results of the assessment described in this subpara-graph, which shall be publicly reported; and 
SA 2174. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, 
Mr. T HUNE , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. 
TESTER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, insert the following: 
SEC. 1020 ll. EQUITY IN EDUCATIONAL LAND- 
GRANT STATUS ACT OF 1994 AND SMITH-LEVER ACT. 
(a) E QUITY IN EDUCATIONAL LAND-GRANT  
STATUS ACT OF 1994.—Section 533 of the Eq-
uity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended in subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) by striking ‘‘(as added by section 534(b)(1) of this part)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7 U.S.C. 343(b)(3)) and for programs for children, youth, and families at risk and for Federally recognized Tribes implemented under section 3(d) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 343(d))’’. 
(b) S
MITH-LEVER ACT.—Section 3(d) of the 
Act of May 8, 1914 (commonly known as the ‘‘Smith-Lever Act’’; 7 U.S.C. 343(d)), is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘and in the case of programs for children, youth, and families at risk and for Federally recognized Tribes, the 1994 Institutions (as defined in section 532 of the Equity in Edu-cational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382)),’’ before ‘‘may compete for’’. SA 2175. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10204. CLIMATE SCIENCE INSTRUCTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) carbon pollution is accumulating in the 
atmosphere, causing global temperatures to rise at a rate that poses a significant threat to the economy and security of the United States, to public health and welfare, and to the global environment; 
(2) climate change is already impacting the 
United States with sea level rise, ocean acidification, and more frequent or intense extreme weather events, such as heat waves, heavy rainfalls, droughts, floods, and wildfires; 
(3) the scientific evidence for human-in-
duced climate change is overwhelming and undeniable, as demonstrated by statements from the National Academy of Sciences, the National Climate Assessment, and numerous other science professional organizations in the United States; 
(4) the United States has a responsibility 
to children and future generations of the United States to reduce the harmful effects of climate change; 
(5) providing clear and scientifically accu-
rate information about climate change, in a variety of forms, can increase climate lit-eracy and encourage individuals and commu-nities to take action; 
(6) the actions of a single nation cannot 
solve the climate crisis, so solutions that ad-dress both mitigation and adaptation must involve developed and developing nations around the world; 
(7) education about climate change is im-
portant to ensure that the future generation of leaders is well-informed about the issues facing our planet in order to make decisions based on science and fact; 
(8) the facts and reality of climate change 
are under attack by those who disagree with the overwhelming consensus of scientific agreement regarding the reality of climate change and the human role in causing cli-mate to change; and 
(9) challenges to accurate presentation of 
climate science in classrooms have been pro-posed in legislatures and school boards across the Nation. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that instruction in climate science is important for all students and should not be prohibited by any unit of State or local government. 
SA 2176. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5011. CLIMATE CHANGE EDUCATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Climate Change Education Act’’. 
(b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) carbon pollution is accumulating in the 
atmosphere, causing global temperatures to rise at a rate that poses a significant threat to the economy and security of the United 
States, to public health and welfare, and to the global environment; 
(2) climate change is already impacting the 
United States with sea level rise, ocean acidification, and more frequent or intense extreme weather events such as heat waves, heavy rainfalls, droughts, floods, and wildfires; 
(3) the scientific evidence for human-in-
duced climate change is overwhelming and undeniable as demonstrated by statements from the National Academy of Sciences, the National Climate Assessment, and numerous other science professional organizations in the United States; 
(4) the United States has a responsibility 
to children and future generations of the United States to address the harmful effects of climate change; 
(5) providing clear information about cli-
mate change, in a variety of forms, can en-courage individuals and communities to take action; 
(6) the actions of a single nation cannot 
solve the climate crisis, so solutions that ad-dress both mitigation and adaptation must involve developed and developing nations around the world; 
(7) investing in the development of innova-
tive clean energy and energy efficiency tech-nologies will— 
(A) enhance the global leadership and com-
petitiveness of the United States; and 
(B) create and sustain short and long term 
job growth; 
(8) implementation of measures that pro-
mote energy efficiency, conservation, and re-newable energy will greatly reduce human impact on the environment; and 
(9) education about climate change is im-
portant to ensure the future generation of leaders is well-informed about the challenges facing our planet in order to make decisions based on science and fact. 
(c) A
MENDMENT TO ESEA.—Title V of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended by section 5010, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART J—CLIMATE CHANGE EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 5911. CLIMATE CHANGE EDUCATION PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to— 
‘‘(1) broaden the understanding of human 
induced climate change, possible long and short-term consequences, and potential solu-tions; 
‘‘(2) provide learning opportunities in cli-
mate science education for all students through grade 12, including those of diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds; 
‘‘(3) emphasize actionable information to 
help students understand how to utilize new technologies and programs related to energy conservation, clean energy, and carbon pol-lution reduction; and 
‘‘(4) inform the public of impacts to human 
health and safety as a result of climate change. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, 
in consultation with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and the De-partment of Energy, shall establish a com-petitive grant program to provide grants to States to— 
‘‘(1) develop or improve climate science 
curriculum and supplementary educational materials for grades kindergarten through grade 12; 
‘‘(2) initiate, develop, expand, or imple-
ment statewide plans and programs for cli-mate change education, including relevant teacher training and professional develop-ment and multidisciplinary studies to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.068 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4887 July 8, 2015 
that students graduate from high school cli-
mate literate; or 
‘‘(3) create State green school building 
standards or policies. 
‘‘(c) A PPLICATION .—A State desiring to re-
ceive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such in-formation as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall transmit to Congress a report that evaluates the scientific merits, edu-cational effectiveness, and broader impacts of activities under this section. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary.’’. 
SA 2177. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, insert the following: 
PART C—EMPLOYING YOUNG AMERICANS 
Subpart 1—Youth Jobs 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This subpart may be cited as the ‘‘Employ 
Young Americans Now Act’’. 
SEC. 10302. ESTABLISHMENT OF EMPLOY YOUNG 
AMERICANS FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count that shall be known as the Employ Young Americans Fund (referred to in this subpart as the ‘‘Fund’’). 
(b) D
EPOSITS INTO THE FUND.—Out of any 
amounts in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, there is appropriated $5,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, which shall be paid to the Fund, to be used by the Sec-retary of Labor to carry out this subpart. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the 
amounts available to the Fund under sub-section (b), the Secretary of Labor shall— 
(1) allot $4,000,000,000 in accordance with 
section 10303 to provide summer and year- round employment opportunities to low-in-come youth; and 
(2) award $1,500,000,000 in allotments and 
competitive grants in accordance with sec-tion 10304 to local entities to carry out work- based training and other work-related and educational strategies and activities of dem-onstrated effectiveness to unemployed, low- income young adults and low-income youth to provide the skills and assistance needed to obtain employment. 
(d) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—The amounts 
appropriated under this subpart shall be available for obligation by the Secretary of Labor, and shall be available for expenditure by grantees (including subgrantees), until expended. 
SEC. 10303. SUMMER EMPLOYMENT AND YEAR- 
ROUND EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNI-TIES FOR LOW-INCOME YOUTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds available 
under section 10302(c)(1), the Secretary of Labor shall make an allotment under sub-section (c) to each State that has a modifica-tion to a State plan (referred to in this sec-tion as a ‘‘State plan modification’’) (or other State request for funds specified in guidance under subsection (b)) approved under subsection (d), and recipient under sec-tion 166(c) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3221(c)) (referred 
to in this section as a ‘‘Native American grantee’’), that meets the requirements of this section, for the purpose of providing summer employment and year-round em-ployment opportunities to low-income youth. 
(b) G
UIDANCE AND APPLICATION OF REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) G UIDANCE .—Not later than 20 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Labor shall issue guidance regard-ing the implementation of this section. 
(2) P
ROCEDURES .—Such guidance shall, con-
sistent with this section, include procedures for— 
(A) the submission and approval of State 
plan modifications, for such other forms of requests for funds by the State as may be identified in such guidance, for modifica-tions to local plans (referred to individually in this section as a ‘‘local plan modifica-tion’’), or for such other forms of requests for funds by local areas as may be identified in such guidance, that promote the expedi-tious and effective implementation of the ac-tivities authorized under this section; and 
(B) the allotment and allocation of funds, 
including reallotment and reallocation of such funds, that promote such implementa-tion. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as otherwise 
provided in the guidance described in para-graph (1) and in this section and other provi-sions of this subpart, the funds provided for activities under this section shall be admin-istered in accordance with the provisions of subtitles A, B, and E of title I of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 
U.S.C. 3111 et seq., 3151 et seq., 3241 et seq.) relating to youth activities. 
(c) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Using the funds described 
in subsection (a), the Secretary of Labor shall allot to each State the total of the amounts assigned to the State under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
(2) A
SSIGNMENTS TO STATES .— 
(A) M INIMUM AMOUNTS .—Using funds de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Secretary of Labor shall assign to each State an amount equal to 
1⁄2of 1 percent of such funds. 
(B) F ORMULA AMOUNTS .—The Secretary of 
Labor shall assign the remainder of the funds described in subsection (a) among the States by assigning— 
(i) 33
1⁄3percent on the basis of the relative 
number of individuals in the civilian labor force who are not younger than 16 but young-er than 25 in each State, compared to the total number of individuals in the civilian labor force who are not younger than 16 but younger than 25 in all States; 
(ii) 33
1⁄3percent on the basis of the relative 
number of unemployed individuals in each State, compared to the total number of un-employed individuals in all States; and 
(iii) 33
1⁄3on the basis of the relative num-
ber of disadvantaged young adults and youth in each State, compared to the total number of disadvantaged young adults and youth in all States. 
(3) R
EALLOTMENT .—If the Governor of a 
State does not submit a State plan modifica-tion or other State request for funds speci-fied in guidance under subsection (b) by the date specified in subsection (d)(2)(A), or a State does not receive approval of such State plan modification or request, the amount the State would have been eligible to receive pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be trans-ferred within the Fund and added to the amounts available for competitive grants under sections 2(c)(2) and 4(b)(2). 
(4) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of para-
graph (2), the term ‘‘disadvantaged young adult or youth’’ means an individual who is not younger than 16 but is younger than 25 who received an income, or is a member of a 
family that received a total family income, that, in relation to family size, does not ex-ceed the higher of— 
(A) the poverty line; or (B) 70 percent of the lower living standard 
income level. 
(d) S
TATE PLANMODIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For a State to be eligible 
to receive an allotment of funds under sub-section (c), the Governor of the State shall submit to the Secretary of Labor a State plan modification, or other State request for funds specified in guidance under subsection (b), in such form and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. At a minimum, such State plan modification or request shall include— 
(A) a description of the strategies and ac-
tivities to be carried out to provide summer employment opportunities and year-round employment opportunities, including link-ages to training and educational activities, consistent with subsection (f); 
(B) a description of the requirements the 
State will apply relating to the eligibility of low-income youth, consistent with section 10302(4), for summer employment opportuni-ties and year-round employment opportuni-ties, which requirements may include cri-teria to target assistance to particular cat-egories of such low-income youth, such as youth with disabilities, consistent with sub-section (f); 
(C) a description of the performance out-
comes to be achieved by the State through the activities carried out under this section and the processes the State will use to track performance, consistent with guidance pro-vided by the Secretary of Labor regarding such outcomes and processes and with sec-tion 10305(b); 
(D) a description of the timelines for im-
plementation of the strategies and activities described in subparagraph (A), and the num-ber of low-income youth expected to be placed in summer employment opportuni-ties, and year-round employment opportuni-ties, respectively, by quarter; 
(E) assurances that the State will report 
such information, relating to fiscal, perform-ance, and other matters, as the Secretary may require and as the Secretary determines is necessary to effectively monitor the ac-
tivities carried out under this section; 
(F) assurances that the State will ensure 
compliance with the requirements, restric-tions, labor standards, and other provisions described in section 10305(a); and 
(G) if a local board and chief elected offi-
cial in the State will provide employment opportunities with the link to training and educational activities described in sub-section (f)(2)(B), a description of how the training and educational activities will lead to the industry-recognized credential in-volved. 
(2) S
UBMISSION AND APPROVAL OF STATE  
PLAN MODIFICATION OR REQUEST .— 
(A) S UBMISSION .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The Governor shall submit 
the State plan modification or other State request for funds specified in guidance under subsection (b) to the Secretary of Labor not later than 30 days after the issuance of such guidance. 
(ii) P
ROCESS .—The Secretary shall— 
(I) make copies of the State plan modifica-
tion or request available to the public on the Web site of the Department of Labor and through other electronic means, on the date on which the Governor submits the State plan modification or request under this sec-tion; 
(II) allow members of the public, including 
representatives of business, representatives of labor organizations, and representatives of educational institutions, to submit to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.069 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4888 July 8, 2015 
Secretary comments on the State plan modi-
fication or request, during a comment period beginning on the submission date and ending 60 days after the submission date; and 
(III) include with the notification of ap-
proval or disapproval of the State plan modi-fication or request, submitted to the Gov-ernor under subparagraph (B), any such com-ments that represent disagreement with the plan modification or request. 
(B) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary of Labor 
shall approve the State plan modification or request submitted under subparagraph (A) not later than 90 days after the submission date, unless the Secretary determines that the plan or request is inconsistent with the requirements of this section. If the Secretary has not made a determination with that 90- day period, the plan or request shall be con-sidered to be approved. If the plan or request is disapproved, the Secretary may provide a reasonable period of time in which the plan or request may be amended and resubmitted for approval. If the plan or request is ap-proved, the Secretary shall allot funds to the State under subsection (c) within 90 days after such approval. 
(3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO STATE PLAN OR RE -
QUEST .—The Governor may submit further 
modifications to a State plan modification or other State request for funds specified under subsection (b), consistent with the re-quirements of this section. 
(e) W
ITHIN -STATE ALLOCATION AND ADMINIS -
TRATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the funds allotted to 
the State under subsection (c), the Gov-ernor— 
(A) may reserve not more than 5 percent of 
the funds for administration and technical assistance; and 
(B) shall allocate the remainder of the 
funds among local areas within the State in accordance with clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subsection (c)(2)(B), except that for purposes of such allocation references to a State in subsection (c)(2)(B) shall be deemed to be ref-erences to a local area and references to all States shall be deemed to be references to all local areas in the State involved. 
(2) L
OCAL PLAN .— 
(A) S UBMISSION .—In order to receive an al-
location under paragraph (1)(B), the local 
board, in partnership with the chief elected official for the local area involved, shall sub-mit to the Governor a local plan modifica-tion, or such other request for funds by local areas as may be specified in guidance under subsection (b), not later than 30 days after the submission by the State of the State plan modification or other State request for funds specified in guidance under subsection (b), describing the strategies and activities to be carried out under this section. 
(B) A
PPROVAL .—The Governor shall ap-
prove the local plan modification or other local request for funds submitted under sub-paragraph (A) not later than 30 days after the submission date, unless the Governor de-termines that the plan or request is incon-sistent with requirements of this section. If the Governor has not made a determination within that 30-day period, the plan shall be considered to be approved. If the plan or re-quest is disapproved, the Governor may pro-vide a reasonable period of time in which the plan or request may be amended and resub-mitted for approval. If the plan or request is approved, the Governor shall allocate funds to the local area within 30 days after such approval. 
(3) R
EALLOCATION .—If a local board and 
chief elected official do not submit a local plan modification (or other local request for funds specified in guidance under subsection (b)) by the date specified in paragraph (2), or the Governor disapproves a local plan modi-fication (or other local request), the amount the local area would have been eligible to re-
ceive pursuant to the formula under para-graph (1)(B) shall be allocated to local areas that receive approval of their local plan modifications or local requests for funds under paragraph (2). Each such local area shall receive a share of the total amount available for reallocation under this para-graph, in accordance with the area’s share of the total amount allocated under paragraph (1)(B) to such local areas. 
(f) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The funds made available 
under this section shall be used— 
(A) to provide summer employment oppor-
tunities for low-income youth, with direct linkages to academic and occupational learning, and may be used to provide sup-portive services, such as transportation or child care, that is necessary to enable the participation of such youth in the opportuni-ties; and 
(B) to provide year-round employment op-
portunities, which may be combined with other activities authorized under section 129 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3164), to low-income youth. 
(2) P
ROGRAM PRIORITIES .—In administering 
the funds under this section, the local board and chief elected official shall give priority to— 
(A) identifying employment opportunities 
that are— 
(i) in emerging or in-demand occupations 
in the local area; or 
(ii) in the public or nonprofit sector and 
meet community needs; and 
(B) linking participants in year-round em-
ployment opportunities to training and edu-cational activities that will provide such participants an industry-recognized certifi-cate or credential (referred to in this subpart as an ‘‘industry-recognized credential’’). 
(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—Not more than 5 per-
cent of the funds allocated to a local area under this section may be used for the costs of administration of this section. 
(4) P
ERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY .—For ac-
tivities funded under this section, in lieu of meeting the requirements described in (be-fore July 1, 2016) section 136 of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2871) and (after June 30, 2016) section 116 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3141), States and local areas shall pro-vide such reports as the Secretary of Labor may require regarding the performance out-comes described in section 10305(b)(5). 
SEC. 10304. WORK-BASED EMPLOYMENT STRATE-
GIES AND ACTIVITIES OF DEM-ONSTRATED EFFECTIVENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds available 
under section 10302(c)(2), the Secretary of Labor shall make allotments to States, and award grants to eligible entities, under sub-section (b) to carry out work-based strate-gies and activities of demonstrated effective-ness. 
(b) A
LLOTMENTS AND GRANTS .— 
(1) A LLOTMENTS TO STATES FOR GRANTS .— 
(A) A LLOTMENTS .—Using funds described in 
subsection (a), the Secretary of Labor shall allot to each State an amount equal to 
1⁄2of 
1 percent of such funds. 
(B) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The 
State shall use the funds to award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities in the State. 
(2) D
IRECT GRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
Using the funds described in subsection (a) that are not allotted under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Labor shall award grants on a competitive basis to eligible entities. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under this section, an entity— 
(1) shall include— (A) a partnership involving a chief elected 
official and the local board for the local area involved (which may include a partnership with such elected officials and boards and State elected officials and State boards, in the region and in the State); or 
(B) an entity eligible to apply for a grant, 
contract, or agreement under section 166 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3221); and 
(2) may include, in combination with a 
partnership or entity described in paragraph (1)— 
(A) employers or employer associations; (B) adult education providers or postsec-
ondary educational institutions, including community colleges; 
(C) community-based organizations; (D) joint labor-management committees; (E) work-related intermediaries; (F) labor organizations that sponsor train-
ing or employment upgrade programs; and 
(G) other appropriate organizations. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this section, an entity shall submit to the Secretary of Labor (or to the State, if applying for a grant under sub-section (b)(1)(B)) an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. At a minimum, the application shall— 
(1) describe the strategies and activities of 
demonstrated effectiveness that the eligible 
entity will carry out to provide unemployed, low-income young adults and low-income youth with skills that will lead to employ-ment upon completion of participation in such activities; 
(2) describe the requirements that will 
apply relating to the eligibility of unem-ployed, low-income young adults and low-in-come youth, consistent with section 10302, for activities carried out under this section, which requirements may include criteria to target assistance to particular categories of such adults and youth, such as individuals with disabilities or individuals who have ex-hausted all rights to unemployment com-pensation; 
(3) describe how the strategies and activi-
ties will address the needs of the target pop-ulations identified in paragraph (2) and the needs of employers in the local area; 
(4) describe the expected outcomes to be 
achieved by implementing the strategies and activities; 
(5) provide evidence that the funds pro-
vided through the grant will be expended ex-peditiously and efficiently to implement the strategies and activities; 
(6) describe how the strategies and activi-
ties will be coordinated with other Federal, State and local programs providing employ-ment, education and supportive activities; 
(7) provide evidence of employer commit-
ment to participate in the activities funded under this section, including identification of anticipated occupational and skill needs; 
(8) provide assurances that the eligible en-
tity will report such information relating to fiscal, performance, and other matters, as the Secretary of Labor may require and as the Secretary determines is necessary to ef-fectively monitor the activities carried out under this section; 
(9) provide assurances that the eligible en-
tity will ensure compliance with the require-ments, restrictions, labor standards, and other provisions described in section 10305(a); and 
(10) if the entity will provide activities de-
scribed in subsection (f)(4), a description of how the activities will lead to the industry- recognized credentials involved. 
(e) P
RIORITY IN AWARDS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary of Labor (or a State, under subsection (b)(1)(B)) shall give priority to applications submitted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.070 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4889 July 8, 2015 
by eligible entities from areas of high pov-
erty and high unemployment, as defined by the Secretary, such as Public Use Microdata Areas designated by the Bureau of the Cen-sus. 
(f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An entity that receives 
a grant under this section shall use the funds made available through the grant to support work-based strategies and activities of dem-onstrated effectiveness that are designed to provide unemployed, low-income young adults and low-income youth with skills that will lead to employment as part of or upon completion of participation in such activi-ties. Such strategies and activities may in-clude— 
(1) on-the-job training, registered appren-
ticeship programs, or other programs that combine work with skills development; 
(2) sector-based training programs that 
have been designed to meet the specific re-quirements of an employer or group of em-ployers in that sector and for which employ-ers are committed to hiring individuals upon successful completion of the training; 
(3) training that supports an industry sec-
tor or an employer-based or labor-manage-ment committee industry partnership and that includes a significant work-experience component; 
(4) activities that lead to the acquisition of 
industry-recognized credentials in a field identified by the State or local area as a growth sector or in-demand industry in which there are likely to be significant job opportunities in the short term; 
(5) activities that provide connections to 
immediate work opportunities, including subsidized employment opportunities, or summer employment opportunities for youth, that include concurrent skills train-ing and other supports; 
(6) activities offered through career acad-
emies that provide students with the aca-demic preparation and training, such as paid internships and concurrent enrollment in community colleges or other postsecondary institutions, needed to pursue a career path-way that leads to postsecondary credentials and in-demand jobs; and 
(7) adult basic education and integrated 
basic education and training for low-skilled individuals who are not younger than 16 but are younger than 25, hosted at community colleges or at other sites, to prepare individ-uals for jobs that are in demand in a local area. 
(g) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL ADMINISTRA -
TION.—The Secretary of Labor shall admin-
ister this section in coordination with the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and other ap-propriate agency heads, to ensure the effec-tive implementation of this section. 
SEC. 10305. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) L ABOR STANDARDS AND PROTECTIONS .— 
Activities provided with funds made avail-able under this subpart shall be subject to the requirements and restrictions, including the labor standards, described in section 181 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3241) and the non-discrimination provisions of section 188 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3248), in addition to other applicable Federal laws. 
(b) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary of Labor 
may require the reporting of information re-lating to fiscal, performance and other mat-ters that the Secretary determines is nec-essary to effectively monitor the activities carried out with funds provided under this subpart. At a minimum, recipients of grants (including recipients of subgrants) under this subpart shall provide information relating to— 
(1) the number of individuals participating 
in activities with funds provided under this subpart and the number of such individuals 
who have completed such participation; 
(2) the expenditures of funds provided 
under this subpart; 
(3) the number of jobs created pursuant to 
the activities carried out under this subpart; 
(4) the demographic characteristics of indi-
viduals participating in activities under this subpart; and 
(5) the performance outcomes for individ-
uals participating in activities under this subpart, including— 
(A) for low-income youth participating in 
summer employment activities under sec-tions 3 and 4, performance on indicators con-sisting of— 
(i) work readiness skill attainment using 
an employer validated checklist; and 
(ii) placement in or return to secondary or 
postsecondary education or training, or entry into unsubsidized employment; 
(B) for low-income youth participating in 
year-round employment activities under sec-tion 10303 or in activities under section 10304, performance on indicators consisting of— 
(i) placement in or return to postsecondary 
education; 
(ii) attainment of a secondary school di-
ploma or its recognized equivalent; 
(iii) attainment of an industry-recognized 
credential; and 
(iv) entry into, retention in, and earnings 
in, unsubsidized employment; and 
(C) for unemployed, low-income young 
adults participating in activities under sec-tion 10304, performance on indicators con-sisting of— 
(i) entry into, retention in, and earnings 
in, unsubsidized employment; and 
(ii) attainment of an industry-recognized 
credential. 
(c) A
CTIVITIES REQUIRED TOBEADDI-
TIONAL .—Funds provided under this subpart 
shall only be used for activities that are in addition to activities that would otherwise be available in the State or local area in the absence of such funds. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary of Labor may establish such addi-tional requirements as the Secretary deter-mines may be necessary to ensure fiscal in-tegrity, effective monitoring, and the appro-priate and prompt implementation of the ac-tivities under this subpart. 
(e) R
EPORT OF INFORMATION AND EVALUA -
TIONS TO CONGRESS AND THE PUBLIC .—The 
Secretary of Labor shall provide to the ap-propriate committees of Congress and make available to the public the information re-ported pursuant to subsection (b). 
SEC. 10306. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subpart: 
(1) C HIEF ELECTED OFFICIAL .—The term 
‘‘chief elected official’’ means the chief elected executive officer of a unit of local government in a local area or in the case in which such an area includes more than one unit of general government, the individuals designated under an agreement described in section 107(c)(1)(B) of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3122(c)(1)(B)). 
(2) L
OCAL AREA .—The term ‘‘local area’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
(3) L
OCAL BOARD .—The term ‘‘local board’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act. 
(4) L
OCAL PLAN .—The term ‘‘local plan’’— 
(A) means a local plan approved, before 
July 1, 2016, under section 118 of the Work-force Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2833); and 
(B) after June 30, 2016, means a local plan 
as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act. (5) L
OW-INCOME YOUTH .—The term ‘‘low-in-
come youth’’ means an individual who— 
(A) is not younger than 16 but is younger 
than 25; 
(B) meets the definition of a low-income 
individual provided in section 3(36) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102(36)), except that— 
(i) States and local areas, subject to ap-
proval in the applicable State plans and local plans, may increase the income level specified in subparagraph (B)(i) of such sec-tion to an amount not in excess of 200 per-cent of the poverty line for purposes of deter-mining eligibility for participation in activi-ties under section 10303; and 
(ii) eligible entities described in section 
10304(c), subject to approval in the applicable applications for funds, may make such an in-crease for purposes of determining eligibility for participation in activities under section 10304; and 
(C) is in one or more of the categories spec-
ified in subparagraph (B)(iii) or (C)(iv) of sec-tion 129(a)(1) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3164(a)(1)). 
(6) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty 
line’’ means a poverty line as defined in sec-tion 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902), applicable to a family of the size involved. 
(7) R
EGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘‘registered apprenticeship pro-gram’’ means an apprenticeship program reg-istered under the Act of August 16, 1937 (com-monly known as the ‘‘National Apprentice-ship Act’’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.). 
(8) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each 
of the several States of the United States, and the District of Columbia. 
(9) S
TATE PLAN .—The term ‘‘State plan’’ 
means a State plan approved— 
(A) before July 1, 2016, under section 112 of 
the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2822); or 
(B) after June 30, 2016, under section 102 or 
103 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3112, 3113). 
(10) U
NEMPLOYED , LOW-INCOME YOUNG  
ADULT .—The term ‘‘unemployed, low-income 
young adult’’ means an individual who— 
(A) is not younger than 18 but is younger 
than 35; 
(B) is without employment and is seeking 
assistance under this subpart to obtain em-ployment; and 
(C) meets the definition of a low-income 
individual specified in section 3(36) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102(36)), except that eligible enti-ties described in section 10304(c), subject to approval in the applicable applications for funds, may increase the income level speci-fied in subparagraph (B)(i) of such section 3(36) to an amount not in excess of 200 per-cent of the poverty line for purposes of deter-mining eligibility for participation in activi-ties under section 10304. 
Subpart 2—Carried Interest Fairness 
SEC. 10311. SHORT TITLE; ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subpart may be 
cited as the ‘‘Carried Interest Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as 
otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this subpart an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
SEC. 10312. PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS TRANS-
FERRED IN CONNECTION WITH PER-FORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION TO ELECTION TOINCLUDE  
PARTNERSHIP INTEREST IN GROSS INCOME IN  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.070 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4890 July 8, 2015 
YEAR OF TRANSFER .—Subsection (c) of sec-
tion 83 is amended by redesignating para-graph (4) as paragraph (5) and by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(4) P
ARTNERSHIP INTERESTS .—Except as 
provided by the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any trans-
fer of an interest in a partnership in connec-tion with the provision of services to (or for the benefit of) such partnership— 
‘‘(i) the fair market value of such interest 
shall be treated for purposes of this section as being equal to the amount of the distribu-tion which the partner would receive if the partnership sold (at the time of the transfer) all of its assets at fair market value and dis-tributed the proceeds of such sale (reduced by the liabilities of the partnership) to its partners in liquidation of the partnership, and 
‘‘(ii) the person receiving such interest 
shall be treated as having made the election under subsection (b)(1) unless such person makes an election under this paragraph to have such subsection not apply. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—The election under sub-
paragraph (A)(ii) shall be made under rules similar to the rules of subsection (b)(2).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to interests in partnerships transferred after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10313. SPECIAL RULES FOR PARTNERS PRO-
VIDING INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES TO PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter K of 
chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end 
the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 710. SPECIAL RULES FOR PARTNERS PRO-
VIDING INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES TO PARTNERSHIPS. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT OF DISTRIBUTIVE SHARE OF  
PARTNERSHIP ITEMS .—For purposes of this 
title, in the case of an investment services partnership interest— 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
702(b)— 
‘‘(A) an amount equal to the net capital 
gain with respect to such interest for any partnership taxable year shall be treated as ordinary income, and 
‘‘(B) subject to the limitation of paragraph 
(2), an amount equal to the net capital loss with respect to such interest for any part-nership taxable year shall be treated as an ordinary loss. 
‘‘(2) R
ECHARACTERIZATION OF LOSSES LIM -
ITED TO RECHARACTERIZED GAINS .—The 
amount treated as ordinary loss under para-graph (1)(B) for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary income under paragraph (1)(A) with re-spect to the investment services partnership interest for all preceding partnership taxable years to which this section applies, over 
‘‘(B) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary loss under paragraph (1)(B) with respect to such interest for all preceding partnership taxable years to which this section applies. 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION TO ITEMS OF GAIN AND  
LOSS.— 
‘‘(A) N ET CAPITAL GAIN .—The amount treat-
ed as ordinary income under paragraph (1)(A) shall be allocated ratably among the items of long-term capital gain taken into account in determining such net capital gain. 
‘‘(B) N
ET CAPITAL LOSS .—The amount 
treated as ordinary loss under paragraph (1)(B) shall be allocated ratably among the items of long-term capital loss and short- term capital loss taken into account in de-termining such net capital loss. 
‘‘(4) T
ERMS RELATING TO CAPITAL GAINS AND  
LOSSES .—For purposes of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Net capital gain, long- 
term capital gain, and long-term capital loss, with respect to any investment services 
partnership interest for any taxable year, shall be determined under section 1222, ex-cept that such section shall be applied— 
‘‘(i) without regard to the recharacteriza-
tion of any item as ordinary income or ordi-nary loss under this section, 
‘‘(ii) by only taking into account items of 
gain and loss taken into account by the hold-er of such interest under section 702 (other than subsection (a)(9) thereof) with respect to such interest for such taxable year, and 
‘‘(iii) by treating property which is taken 
into account in determining gains and losses to which section 1231 applies as capital as-sets held for more than 1 year. 
‘‘(B) N
ET CAPITAL LOSS .—The term ‘net 
capital loss’ means the excess of the losses from sales or exchanges of capital assets over the gains from such sales or exchanges. Rules similar to the rules of clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall apply for purposes of the preceding sentence. 
‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DIVIDENDS .—Any 
dividend allocated with respect to any in-vestment services partnership interest shall not be treated as qualified dividend income for purposes of section 1(h). 
‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE FOR QUALIFIED SMALL  
BUSINESS STOCK .—Section 1202 shall not 
apply to any gain from the sale or exchange of qualified small business stock (as defined in section 1202(c)) allocated with respect to any investment services partnership inter-est. 
‘‘(b) D
ISPOSITIONS OF PARTNERSHIP INTER -
ESTS.— 
‘‘(1) G AIN.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any gain on the disposi-
tion of an investment services partnership interest shall be— 
‘‘(i) treated as ordinary income, and ‘‘(ii) recognized notwithstanding any other 
provision of this subtitle. 
‘‘(B) G
IFT AND TRANSFERS AT DEATH .—In 
the case of a disposition of an investment services partnership interest by gift or by reason of death of the taxpayer— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) shall not apply, ‘‘(ii) such interest shall be treated as an in-
vestment services partnership interest in the hands of the person acquiring such interest, and 
‘‘(iii) any amount that would have been 
treated as ordinary income under this sub-section had the decedent sold such interest immediately before death shall be treated as an item of income in respect of a decedent under section 691. 
‘‘(2) L
OSS.—Any loss on the disposition of 
an investment services partnership interest shall be treated as an ordinary loss to the ex-tent of the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary income under subsection (a) with re-spect to such interest for all partnership tax-able years to which this section applies, over 
‘‘(B) the aggregate amount treated as ordi-
nary loss under subsection (a) with respect to such interest for all partnership taxable years to which this section applies. 
‘‘(3) E
LECTION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN EX -
CHANGES .—Paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall not 
apply to the contribution of an investment services partnership interest to a partner-ship in exchange for an interest in such part-nership if— 
‘‘(A) the taxpayer makes an irrevocable 
election to treat the partnership interest re-ceived in the exchange as an investment services partnership interest, and 
‘‘(B) the taxpayer agrees to comply with 
such reporting and recordkeeping require-ments as the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTIONS OF PARTNERSHIP PROP -
ERTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any dis-
tribution of property by a partnership with respect to any investment services partner-
ship interest held by a partner, the partner receiving such property shall recognize gain equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(i) the fair market value of such property 
at the time of such distribution, over 
‘‘(ii) the adjusted basis of such property in 
the hands of such partner (determined with-out regard to subparagraph (C)). 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF GAIN AS ORDINARY IN -
COME .—Any gain recognized by such partner 
under subparagraph (A) shall be treated as ordinary income to the same extent and in the same manner as the increase in such partner’s distributive share of the taxable in-come of the partnership would be treated under subsection (a) if, immediately prior to the distribution, the partnership had sold the distributed property at fair market value and all of the gain from such disposition were allocated to such partner. For purposes of applying subsection (a)(2), any gain treat-ed as ordinary income under this subpara-graph shall be treated as an amount treated as ordinary income under subsection (a)(1)(A). 
‘‘(C) A
DJUSTMENT OF BASIS .—In the case of 
a distribution to which subparagraph (A) ap-plies, the basis of the distributed property in the hands of the distributee partner shall be the fair market value of such property. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES WITH RESPECT TO MERG -
ERS, DIVISIONS , AND TECHNICAL TERMI -
NATIONS .—In the case of a taxpayer which 
satisfies requirements similar to the require-ments of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (3), this paragraph and paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall not apply to the distribution of a partnership interest if such distribution is in connection with a contribution (or deemed contribution) of any property of the partnership to which section 721 applies pur-suant to a transaction described in para-graph (1)(B) or (2) of section 708(b). 
‘‘(c) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN-
TEREST .—For purposes of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
services partnership interest’ means any in-terest in an investment partnership acquired or held by any person in connection with the conduct of a trade or business described in paragraph (2) by such person (or any person related to such person). An interest in an in-
vestment partnership held by any person— 
‘‘(A) shall not be treated as an investment 
services partnership interest for any period before the first date on which it is so held in connection with such a trade or business, 
‘‘(B) shall not cease to be an investment 
services partnership interest merely because such person holds such interest other than in connection with such a trade or business, and 
‘‘(C) shall be treated as an investment 
services partnership interest if acquired from a related person in whose hands such interest was an investment services partner-ship interest. 
‘‘(2) B
USINESSES TO WHICH THIS SECTION AP -
PLIES .—A trade or business is described in 
this paragraph if such trade or business pri-marily involves the performance of any of the following services with respect to assets held (directly or indirectly) by one or more investment partnerships referred to in para-graph (1): 
‘‘(A) Advising as to the advisability of in-
vesting in, purchasing, or selling any speci-fied asset. 
‘‘(B) Managing, acquiring, or disposing of 
any specified asset. 
‘‘(C) Arranging financing with respect to 
acquiring specified assets. 
‘‘(D) Any activity in support of any service 
described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
‘‘(3) I
NVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
partnership’ means any partnership if, at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.070 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4891 July 8, 2015 
end of any two consecutive calendar quarters 
ending after the date of enactment of this section— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the assets of the 
partnership are specified assets (determined without regard to any section 197 intangible within the meaning of section 197(d)), and 
‘‘(ii) less than 75 percent of the capital of 
the partnership is attributable to qualified capital interests which constitute property held in connection with a trade or business of the owner of such interest. 
‘‘(B) L
OOK-THROUGH OF CERTAIN WHOLLY  
OWNED ENTITIES FOR PURPOSES OF DETER -
MINING ASSETS OF THE PARTNERSHIP .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-
mining the assets of a partnership under sub-paragraph (A)(i)— 
‘‘(I) any interest in a specified entity shall 
not be treated as an asset of such partner-ship, and 
‘‘(II) such partnership shall be treated as 
holding its proportionate share of each of the assets of such specified entity. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIED ENTITY .—For purposes of 
clause (i), the term ‘specified entity’ means, with respect to any partnership (hereafter referred to as the upper-tier partnership), any person which engages in the same trade or business as the upper-tier partnership and is— 
‘‘(I) a partnership all of the capital and 
profits interests of which are held directly or indirectly by the upper-tier partnership, or 
‘‘(II) a foreign corporation which does not 
engage in a trade or business in the United States and all of the stock of which is held directly or indirectly by the upper-tier part-nership. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING IF  
PROPERTY HELD IN CONNECTION WITH TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by the Secretary, solely for purposes of determining whether any interest in a part-nership constitutes property held in connec-tion with a trade or business under subpara-graph (A)(ii)— 
‘‘(I) a trade or business of any person close-
ly related to the owner of such interest shall be treated as a trade or business of such owner, 
‘‘(II) such interest shall be treated as held 
by a person in connection with a trade or business during any taxable year if such in-terest was so held by such person during any 3 taxable years preceding such taxable year, and 
‘‘(III) paragraph (5)(B) shall not apply. ‘‘(ii) C
LOSELY RELATED PERSONS .—For pur-
poses of clause (i)(I), a person shall be treat-
ed as closely related to another person if, taking into account the rules of section 267(c), the relationship between such persons is described in— 
‘‘(I) paragraph (1) or (9) of section 267(b), or ‘‘(II) section 267(b)(4), but solely in the case 
of a trust with respect to which each current beneficiary is the grantor or a person whose relationship to the grantor is described in paragraph (1) or (9) of section 267(b). 
‘‘(D) A
NTIABUSE RULES .—The Secretary 
may issue regulations or other guidance which prevent the avoidance of the purposes of subparagraph (A), including regulations or other guidance which treat convertible and contingent debt (and other debt having the attributes of equity) as a capital interest in the partnership. 
‘‘(E) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS OF ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a con-
trolled group of entities, if an interest in the partnership received in exchange for a con-tribution to the capital of the partnership by any member of such controlled group would (in the hands of such member) constitute property held in connection with a trade or business, then any interest in such partner-ship held by any member of such group shall 
be treated for purposes of subparagraph (A) as constituting (in the hands of such mem-ber) property held in connection with a trade or business. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTROLLED GROUP OF ENTITIES .—For 
purposes of clause (i), the term ‘controlled group of entities’ means a controlled group of corporations as defined in section 1563(a)(1), applied without regard to sub-sections (a)(4) and (b)(2) of section 1563. A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of a controlled group of entities if such entity is controlled (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (includ-ing any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this sentence). 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CORPORATIONS .—For 
purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a corporation, the determination of whether property is held in connection with a trade or business shall be determined as if the tax-payer were an individual. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIFIED ASSET .—The term ‘specified 
asset’ means securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2) without regard to the last sentence thereof), real estate held for rental or invest-ment, interests in partnerships, commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)), cash or cash equivalents, or options or derivative con-tracts with respect to any of the foregoing. 
‘‘(5) R
ELATED PERSONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A person shall be treat-
ed as related to another person if the rela-tionship between such persons is described in section 267(b) or 707(b). 
‘‘(B) A
TTRIBUTION OF PARTNER SERVICES .— 
Any service described in paragraph (2) which is provided by a partner of a partnership shall be treated as also provided by such partnership. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CAPITAL IN-
TERESTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any por-
tion of an investment services partnership interest which is a qualified capital interest, all items of gain and loss (and any dividends) which are allocated to such qualified capital interest shall not be taken into account under subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(A) allocations of items are made by the 
partnership to such qualified capital interest in the same manner as such allocations are made to other qualified capital interests held by partners who do not provide any services described in subsection (c)(2) and who are not related to the partner holding the qualified capital interest, and 
‘‘(B) the allocations made to such other in-
terests are significant compared to the allo-cations made to such qualified capital inter-est. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE EXCEPTIONS TO  
ALLOCATION REQUIREMENTS .—To the extent 
provided by the Secretary in regulations or other guidance— 
‘‘(A) A
LLOCATIONS TO PORTION OF QUALIFIED  
CAPITAL INTEREST .—Paragraph (1) may be ap-
plied separately with respect to a portion of a qualified capital interest. 
‘‘(B) N
O OR INSIGNIFICANT ALLOCATIONS TO  
NONSERVICE PROVIDERS .—In any case in 
which the requirements of paragraph (1)(B) are not satisfied, items of gain and loss (and any dividends) shall not be taken into ac-count under subsection (a) to the extent that such items are properly allocable under such regulations or other guidance to qualified capital interests. 
‘‘(C) A
LLOCATIONS TO SERVICE PROVIDERS ’ 
QUALIFIED CAPITAL INTERESTS WHICH ARE LESS  
THAN OTHER ALLOCATIONS .—Allocations shall 
not be treated as failing to meet the require-ment of paragraph (1)(A) merely because the allocations to the qualified capital interest represent a lower return than the allocations made to the other qualified capital interests 
referred to in such paragraph. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CHANGES IN SERVICES  
AND CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS .—In the case of 
an interest in a partnership which was not an investment services partnership interest and which, by reason of a change in the serv-ices with respect to assets held (directly or indirectly) by the partnership or by reason of a change in the capital contributions to such partnership, becomes an investment services partnership interest, the qualified capital in-terest of the holder of such partnership in-terest immediately after such change shall not, for purposes of this subsection, be less than the fair market value of such interest (determined immediately before such change). 
‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TIERED PARTNER -
SHIPS .—Except as otherwise provided by the 
Secretary, in the case of tiered partnerships, all items which are allocated in a manner which meets the requirements of paragraph (1) to qualified capital interests in a lower- tier partnership shall retain such character to the extent allocated on the basis of quali-fied capital interests in any upper-tier part-nership. 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR NO -SELF-CHARGED  
CARRY AND MANAGEMENT FEE PROVISIONS .— 
Except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary, an interest shall not fail to be treat-ed as satisfying the requirement of para-graph (1)(A) merely because the allocations made by the partnership to such interest do not reflect the cost of services described in subsection (c)(2) which are provided (directly or indirectly) to the partnership by the hold-er of such interest (or a related person). 
‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DISPOSITIONS .—In 
the case of any investment services partner-ship interest any portion of which is a quali-fied capital interest, subsection (b) shall not apply to so much of any gain or loss as bears the same proportion to the entire amount of such gain or loss as— 
‘‘(A) the distributive share of gain or loss 
that would have been allocated to the quali-fied capital interest (consistent with the re-quirements of paragraph (1)) if the partner-ship had sold all of its assets at fair market value immediately before the disposition, bears to 
‘‘(B) the distributive share of gain or loss 
that would have been so allocated to the in-vestment services partnership interest of which such qualified capital interest is a part. 
‘‘(7) Q
UALIFIED CAPITAL INTEREST .—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified cap-
ital interest’ means so much of a partner’s interest in the capital of the partnership as is attributable to— 
‘‘(i) the fair market value of any money or 
other property contributed to the partner-ship in exchange for such interest (deter-mined without regard to section 752(a)), 
‘‘(ii) any amounts which have been in-
cluded in gross income under section 83 with respect to the transfer of such interest, and 
‘‘(iii) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) any items of income and gain taken 
into account under section 702 with respect to such interest, over 
‘‘(II) any items of deduction and loss so 
taken into account. 
‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT TO QUALIFIED CAPITAL IN -
TEREST .— 
‘‘(i) D ISTRIBUTIONS AND LOSSES .—The quali-
fied capital interest shall be reduced by dis-tributions from the partnership with respect to such interest and by the excess (if any) of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(iii)(II) over the amount described in sub-paragraph (A)(iii)(I). 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CONTRIBUTIONS OF  
PROPERTY .—In the case of any contribution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.070 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4892 July 8, 2015 
of property described in subparagraph (A)(i) 
with respect to which the fair market value of such property is not equal to the adjusted basis of such property immediately before such contribution, proper adjustments shall be made to the qualified capital interest to take into account such difference consistent with such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary may provide. 
‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL TERMINATIONS , ETC., DIS-
REGARDED .—No increase or decrease in the 
qualified capital interest of any partner shall result from a termination, merger, con-solidation, or division described in section 708, or any similar transaction. 
‘‘(8) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN LOANS .— 
‘‘(A) P ROCEEDS OF PARTNERSHIP LOANS NOT  
TREATED AS QUALIFIED CAPITAL INTEREST OF  
SERVICE PROVIDING PARTNERS .—For purposes 
of this subsection, an investment services partnership interest shall not be treated as a qualified capital interest to the extent that such interest is acquired in connection with the proceeds of any loan or other advance made or guaranteed, directly or indirectly, by any other partner or the partnership (or any person related to any such other partner or the partnership). The preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent the loan or other advance is repaid before the date of the enactment of this section unless such repay-ment is made with the proceeds of a loan or other advance described in the preceding sentence. 
‘‘(B) R
EDUCTION IN ALLOCATIONS TO QUALI -
FIED CAPITAL INTERESTS FOR LOANS FROM NON -
SERVICE -PROVIDING PARTNERS TO THE PART -
NERSHIP .—For purposes of this subsection, 
any loan or other advance to the partnership made or guaranteed, directly or indirectly, by a partner not providing services described in subsection (c)(2) to the partnership (or any person related to such partner) shall be taken into account in determining the quali-fied capital interests of the partners in the partnership. 
‘‘(9) S
PECIAL RULE FOR QUALIFIED FAMILY  
PARTNERSHIPS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any speci-
fied family partnership interest, paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied without regard to the phrase ‘and who are not related to the part-ner holding the qualified capital interest’. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIFIED FAMILY PARTNERSHIP INTER -
EST.—For purposes of this paragraph, the 
term ‘specified family partnership interest’ means any investment services partnership interest if— 
‘‘(i) such interest is an interest in a quali-
fied family partnership, 
‘‘(ii) such interest is held by a natural per-
son or by a trust with respect to which each beneficiary is a grantor or a person whose re-lationship to the grantor is described in sec-tion 267(b)(1), and 
‘‘(iii) all other interests in such qualified 
family partnership with respect to which sig-nificant allocations are made (within the meaning of paragraph (1)(B) and in compari-son to the allocations made to the interest described in clause (ii)) are held by persons who— 
‘‘(I) are related to the natural person or 
trust referred to in clause (ii), or 
‘‘(II) provide services described in sub-
section (c)(2). 
‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED FAMILY PARTNERSHIP .—For 
purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘quali-fied family partnership’ means any partner-ship if— 
‘‘(i) all of the capital and profits interests 
of such partnership are held by— 
‘‘(I) specified family members, ‘‘(II) any person closely related (within the 
meaning of subsection (c)(3)(C)(ii)) to a spec-ified family member, or 
‘‘(III) any other person (not described in 
subclause (I) or (II)) if such interest is an in-vestment services partnership interest with 
respect to such person, and 
‘‘(ii) such partnership does not hold itself 
out to the public as an investment advisor. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIFIED FAMILY MEMBERS .—For pur-
poses of subparagraph (C), individuals shall be treated as specified family members if such individuals would be treated as one per-son under the rules of section 1361(c)(1) if the applicable date (within the meaning of sub-paragraph (B)(iii) thereof) were the latest of— 
‘‘(i) the date of the establishment of the 
partnership, 
‘‘(ii) the earliest date that the common an-
cestor holds a capital or profits interest in the partnership, or 
‘‘(iii) the date of the enactment of this sec-
tion. 
‘‘(e) O
THER INCOME AND GAIN IN CONNECTION  
WITHINVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If— 
‘‘(A) a person performs (directly or indi-
rectly) investment management services for any investment entity, 
‘‘(B) such person holds (directly or indi-
rectly) a disqualified interest with respect to such entity, and 
‘‘(C) the value of such interest (or pay-
ments thereunder) is substantially related to the amount of income or gain (whether or not realized) from the assets with respect to which the investment management services are performed, any income or gain with respect to such in-terest shall be treated as ordinary income. Rules similar to the rules of subsections (a)(5) and (d) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
‘‘(A) D ISQUALIFIED INTEREST .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘disqualified 
interest’ means, with respect to any invest-ment entity— 
‘‘(I) any interest in such entity other than 
indebtedness, 
‘‘(II) convertible or contingent debt of such 
entity, 
‘‘(III) any option or other right to acquire 
property described in subclause (I) or (II), and 
‘‘(IV) any derivative instrument entered 
into (directly or indirectly) with such entity or any investor in such entity. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term shall not in-
clude— 
‘‘(I) a partnership interest, ‘‘(II) except as provided by the Secretary, 
any interest in a taxable corporation, and 
‘‘(III) except as provided by the Secretary, 
stock in an S corporation. 
‘‘(B) T
AXABLE CORPORATION .—The term 
‘taxable corporation’ means— 
‘‘(i) a domestic C corporation, or ‘‘(ii) a foreign corporation substantially all 
of the income of which is— 
‘‘(I) effectively connected with the conduct 
of a trade or business in the United States, or 
‘‘(II) subject to a comprehensive foreign in-
come tax (as defined in section 457A(d)(2)). 
‘‘(C) I
NVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .— 
The term ‘investment management services’ means a substantial quantity of any of the services described in subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(D) I
NVESTMENT ENTITY .—The term ‘in-
vestment entity’ means any entity which, if it were a partnership, would be an invest-ment partnership. 
‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION FOR DOMESTIC C C ORPORA -
TIONS .—Except as otherwise provided by the 
Secretary, in the case of a domestic C cor-poration— 
‘‘(1) subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply 
to any item allocated to such corporation with respect to any investment services partnership interest (or to any gain or loss with respect to the disposition of such an in-
terest), and 
‘‘(2) subsection (e) shall not apply. 
‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations or other guidance as is necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regu-lations or other guidance to— 
‘‘(1) require such reporting and record-
keeping by any person in such manner and at such time as the Secretary may prescribe for purposes of enabling the partnership to meet the requirements of section 6031 with respect to any item described in section 702(a)(9), 
‘‘(2) provide modifications to the applica-
tion of this section (including treating re-
lated persons as not related to one another) to the extent such modification is consistent with the purposes of this section, 
‘‘(3) prevent the avoidance of the purposes 
of this section (including through the use of qualified family partnerships), and 
‘‘(4) coordinate this section with the other 
provisions of this title. 
‘‘(h) C
ROSS REFERENCE .—For 40-percent 
penalty on certain underpayments due to the avoidance of this section, see section 6662.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 751 TOINDIRECT  
DISPOSITIONS OF INVESTMENT SERVICES PART-
NERSHIP INTERESTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
751 is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (2), and by inserting after para-graph (2) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) investment services partnership inter-
ests held by the partnership,’’. 
(2) C
ERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS TREATED AS  
SALES OR EXCHANGES .—Subparagraph (A) of 
section 751(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii), and by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause: 
‘‘(iii) investment services partnership in-
terests held by the partnership,’’. 
(3) A
PPLICATION OF SPECIAL RULES IN THE  
CASE OF TIERED PARTNERSHIPS .—Subsection 
(f) of section 751 is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-
graph (1), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (2), and by inserting after para-graph (2) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) an investment services partnership in-
terest held by the partnership,’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘partner.’’ and inserting 
‘‘partner (other than a partnership in which it holds an investment services partnership interest).’’. 
(4) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN -
TERESTS ; QUALIFIED CAPITAL INTERESTS .—Sec-
tion 751 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN-
TERESTS .—For purposes of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
services partnership interest’ has the mean-ing given such term by section 710(c). 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR QUALIFIED CAPITAL  
INTERESTS .—The amount to which subsection 
(a) applies by reason of paragraph (3) thereof shall not include so much of such amount as is attributable to any portion of the invest-ment services partnership interest which is a qualified capital interest (determined under rules similar to the rules of section 710(d)). 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR PUBLICLY TRADED PART -
NERSHIPS .—Except as otherwise provided by 
the Secretary, in the case of an exchange of an interest in a publicly traded partnership (as defined in section 7704) to which sub-section (a) applies— 
‘‘(A) this section shall be applied without 
regard to subsections (a)(3), (b)(1)(A)(iii), and (f)(3), and 
‘‘(B) such partnership shall be treated as 
owning its proportionate share of the prop-erty of any other partnership in which it is a partner. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.070 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4893 July 8, 2015 
‘‘(4) R ECOGNITION OF GAINS .—Any gain with 
respect to which subsection (a) applies by reason of paragraph (3) thereof shall be rec-ognized notwithstanding any other provision of this title. 
‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION WITH INVENTORY ITEMS .— 
An investment services partnership interest held by the partnership shall not be treated as an inventory item of the partnership. 
‘‘(6) P
REVENTION OF DOUBLE COUNTING .— 
Under regulations or other guidance pre-scribed by the Secretary, subsection (a)(3) shall not apply with respect to any amount to which section 710 applies. 
‘‘(7) V
ALUATION METHODS .—The Secretary 
shall prescribe regulations or other guidance which provide the acceptable methods for valuing investment services partnership in-terests for purposes of this section.’’. 
(c) T
REATMENT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION  
7704.—Subsection (d) of section 7704 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) I
NCOME FROM CERTAIN CARRIED INTER -
ESTS NOT QUALIFIED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Specified carried inter-
est income shall not be treated as qualifying income. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIFIED CARRIED INTEREST INCOME .— 
For purposes of this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified car-
ried interest income’ means— 
‘‘(I) any item of income or gain allocated 
to an investment services partnership inter-est (as defined in section 710(c)) held by the partnership, 
‘‘(II) any gain on the disposition of an in-
vestment services partnership interest (as so defined) or a partnership interest to which (in the hands of the partnership) section 751 applies, and 
‘‘(III) any income or gain taken into ac-
count by the partnership under subsection (b)(4) or (e) of section 710. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED CAPITAL IN -
TERESTS .—A rule similar to the rule of sec-
tion 710(d) shall apply for purposes of clause (i). 
‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI -
SIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to 
any item described in paragraph (1)(E) (or so much of paragraph (1)(F) as relates to para-graph (1)(E)). 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS .— 
‘‘(i) C ERTAIN PARTNERSHIPS OWNED BY REAL  
ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS .—Subparagraph 
(A) shall not apply in the case of a partner-ship which meets each of the following re-quirements: 
‘‘(I) Such partnership is treated as publicly 
traded under this section solely by reason of interests in such partnership being convert-ible into interests in a real estate invest-ment trust which is publicly traded. 
‘‘(II) Fifty percent or more of the capital 
and profits interests of such partnership are owned, directly or indirectly, at all times during the taxable year by such real estate investment trust (determined with the appli-cation of section 267(c)). 
‘‘(III) Such partnership meets the require-
ments of paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of section 856(c). 
‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN PARTNERSHIPS OWNING OTHER  
PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNERSHIPS .—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not apply in the case of a partnership which meets each of the fol-lowing requirements: 
‘‘(I) Substantially all of the assets of such 
partnership consist of interests in one or more publicly traded partnerships (deter-mined without regard to subsection (b)(2)). 
‘‘(II) Substantially all of the income of 
such partnership is ordinary income or sec-tion 1231 gain (as defined in section 1231(a)(3)). ‘‘(E) T
RANSITIONAL RULE .—Subparagraph 
(A) shall not apply to any taxable year of the partnership beginning before the date which 
is 10 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph.’’. 
(d) I
MPOSITION OF PENALTY ON UNDERPAY -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
6662 is amended by inserting after paragraph (7) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) The application of section 710(e) or the 
regulations or other guidance prescribed under section 710(g) to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of section 710.’’. 
(2) A
MOUNT OF PENALTY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 6662 is amended 
by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(k) I
NCREASE IN PENALTY IN CASE OF PROP-
ERTY TRANSFERRED FOR INVESTMENT MAN-
AGEMENT SERVICES .—In the case of any por-
tion of an underpayment to which this sec-tion applies by reason of subsection (b)(8), subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to such portion by substituting ‘40 percent’ for ‘20 percent’.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara-
graph (B) of section 6662A(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘or (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (i), or (k)’’. 
(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR APPLICATION OF REA -
SONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION .—Subsection (c) of 
section 6664 is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ in para-
graph (5)(A), as so redesignated, and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR UNDERPAYMENTS AT -
TRIBUTABLE TO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT  
SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any portion of an underpayment to which section 6662 applies by reason of sub-section (b)(8) unless— 
‘‘(i) the relevant facts affecting the tax 
treatment of the item are adequately dis-closed, 
‘‘(ii) there is or was substantial authority 
for such treatment, and 
‘‘(iii) the taxpayer reasonably believed 
that such treatment was more likely than not the proper treatment. 
‘‘(B) R
ULES RELATING TO REASONABLE BE -
LIEF.—Rules similar to the rules of sub-
section (d)(3) shall apply for purposes of sub-paragraph (A)(iii).’’. 
(e) I
NCOME AND LOSS FROM INVESTMENT  
SERVICES PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS TAKEN  
INTOACCOUNT IN DETERMINING NETEARNINGS  
FROMSELF-EMPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I NTERNAL REVENUE CODE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1402(a) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (16), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (17) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (17) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(18) notwithstanding the preceding provi-
sions of this subsection, in the case of any individual engaged in the trade or business of providing services described in section 710(c)(2) with respect to any entity, invest-ment services partnership income or loss (as defined in subsection (m)) of such individual with respect to such entity shall be taken into account in determining the net earnings from self-employment of such individual.’’. 
(B) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP IN -
COME OR LOSS .—Section 1402 is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(m) I
NVESTMENT SERVICES PARTNERSHIP  
INCOME OR LOSS.—For purposes of subsection 
(a)— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘investment 
services partnership income or loss’ means, with respect to any investment services 
partnership interest (as defined in section 710(c)) or disqualified interest (as defined in section 710(e)), the net of— 
‘‘(A) the amounts treated as ordinary in-
come or ordinary loss under subsections (b) and (e) of section 710 with respect to such in-terest, 
‘‘(B) all items of income, gain, loss, and de-
duction allocated to such interest, and 
‘‘(C) the amounts treated as realized from 
the sale or exchange of property other than a capital asset under section 751 with respect to such interest. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED CAPITAL IN -
TERESTS .—A rule similar to the rule of sec-
tion 710(d) shall apply for purposes of apply-ing paragraph (1)(B).’’. 
(2) S
OCIAL SECURITY ACT .—Section 211(a) of 
the Social Security Act is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (15), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (16) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (16) the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(17) Notwithstanding the preceding provi-
sions of this subsection, in the case of any individual engaged in the trade or business of providing services described in section 710(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to any entity, investment serv-ices partnership income or loss (as defined in section 1402(m) of such Code) shall be taken into account in determining the net earnings from self-employment of such individual.’’. 
(f) S
EPARATE ACCOUNTING BY PARTNER .— 
Section 702(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (8) and insert-ing ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (8) the following: 
‘‘(9) any amount treated as ordinary in-
come or loss under subsection (a), (b), or (e) of section 710.’’. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Subsection (d) of section 731 is amended 
by inserting ‘‘section 710(b)(4) (relating to distributions of partnership property),’’ after ‘‘to the extent otherwise provided by’’. 
(2) Section 741 is amended by inserting ‘‘or 
section 710 (relating to special rules for part-ners providing investment management serv-ices to partnerships)’’ before the period at the end. 
(3) The table of sections for part I of sub-
chapter K of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 710. Special rules for partners pro-
viding investment management services to partnerships.’’. 
(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
ARTNERSHIP TAXABLE YEARS WHICH IN -
CLUDE EFFECTIVE DATE .—In applying section 
710(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section) in the case of any partnership taxable year which includes the date of the enactment of this Act, the amount of the net capital gain referred to in such section shall be treated as being the lesser of the net capital gain for the entire partnership taxable year or the net capital gain determined by only taking into account items attributable to the portion of the part-nership taxable year which is after such date. 
(3) D
ISPOSITIONS OF PARTNERSHIP INTER -
ESTS.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 710(b) of such 
Code (as added by this section) shall apply to dispositions and distributions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) I
NDIRECT DISPOSITIONS .—The amend-
ments made by subsection (b) shall apply to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.070 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4894 July 8, 2015 
transactions after the date of the enactment 
of this Act. 
(4) O THER INCOME AND GAIN IN CONNECTION  
WITH INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .— 
Section 710(e) of such Code (as added by this section) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, July 8, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of the Financial Stability Board in the U.S. Regulatory Framework.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 8, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Road to Paris: Examining the President’s Inter-national Climate Agenda and Implica-tions for Domestic Environmental Pol-icy.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 8, 2015, at 5 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Depart-ment of Defense Maritime Activities and Engagement in the South China Sea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate on July 8, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping an Avian Influenza Threat to Animal and Public Health.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 8, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘A Path Forward: Trust Modernization and Reform for Indian Lands.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized 
to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 8, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Going Dark: Encryption, Technology, and the Balance Between Public Safety and Privacy.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 8, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CRIME AND TERRORISM  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary; Sub-committee on Crime and Terrorism, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 8, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Crime: Mod-ernizing our Legal Framework for the Information Age.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Jessica Bowen, a fellow in my office, have floor privileges for the remainder of this ses-sion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 128, 129, 130, and 131 en bloc. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and that any statements related to the bills be printed in the R
ECORD , all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM 
B. WOODS, JR. POST OFFICE 
The bill (H.R. 728) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
FLORESVILLE VETERANS POST 
OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (H.R. 891) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in 
Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS DANIEL 
M. FERGUSON POST OFFICE 
The bill (H.R. 1326) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
HERMAN BADILLO POST OFFICE 
BUILDING 
The bill (H.R. 1350) to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
WISHING HIS HOLINESS THE 14TH 
DALAI LAMA A HAPPY 80TH BIRTHDAY ON JULY 6, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 200 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 200) wishing His Holi-
ness the 14th Dalai Lama a happy 80th birth-day on July 6, 2015, and recognizing the out-standing contributions His Holiness has made to the promotion of nonviolence, human rights, interfaith dialogue, environ-mental awareness, and democracy. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 200) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of June 11, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNITED 
STATES WOMEN’S NATIONAL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2015 FIFA WORLD CUP 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 218, submitted earlier today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.070 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4895 July 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 218) congratulating 
the United States Women’s National Team for winning the 2015 FIFA World Cup. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise as the coauthor, with Senator C OL-
LINS, of this Senate resolution to honor 
and congratulate an extraordinary team on an extraordinary accomplish-ment. The U.S. women’s national soc-cer team and their triumphant 5-to-2 victory over Japan at the 2015 FIFA World Cup final was an extraordinary accomplishment and a great victory for them, for the United States, for wom-en’s soccer, and women’s sports. 
These inspiring athletes have spent 
the past months captivating audiences around the globe with their determina-tion, tenacity, and sheer grit. It start-ed with our national team winning the so-called group of death against Aus-tralia, Sweden, and Nigeria. They went on to beat powerhouse teams Colombia, China, and Germany on the way to the final. 
All along the way, they tied a World 
Cup record by playing 540 consecutive minutes without conceding a single goal. In the final, our national team came up strong, scoring four goals in the first 16 minutes, including three goals from New Jersey’s own Carli Lloyd. Fellow New Jerseyan Tobin Heath would add another goal, and the team cruised to a resounding 5-to-2 vic-tory. All in all, in the entire tour-nament, our women’s national team never lost a game. 
We are all proud of them. I am espe-
cially proud of fellow New Jerseyans Christie Rampone, Heather O’Reilly, Tobin Heath, and Golden Ball winner Carli Lloyd. But more than pride, we look to this team for inspiration. The women’s World Cup final was the most watched soccer game in American his-tory. The final game had my step-children Jana, who is an avid player and a big women’s soccer fan, and her brother Sonny, who was rooting the team on—they were both riveted at what these women players were accom-plishing. This game showed them what hard work and determination can do. 
For Jana and every young girl who 
aspires to be the best, this victory makes her dreams seem within reach. Just as the 1999 U.S. World Cup team motivated an entire generation to pur-sue their dreams, I am certain the per-formance of this team will do the same and push this generation to dream big-ger, work harder, and achieve even more than they have ever imagined. 
I congratulate our champions. I look 
forward to the adoption of the resolu-tion. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want 
to recognize the 2015 United States Women’s National Soccer Team. Sun-day night, our athletes brought home their third World Cup championship 
and continued the excellence that we have come to know from the team. Four of the woman’s national team players—Shannon Boxx, Julie John-ston, Lori Chalupny, and Christen Press—are also on Chicago’s National Women’s Soccer League team, the Red Stars. 
More than 22 million Americans 
watched Team USA—including a crowd of thousands gathering in Lincoln Park in Chicago to watch the match on the big screens and cheer the U.S. women to victory. This was not an easy road for the United States team. Their met-tle was tested against the best teams in the world, including No. 1 ranked Germany in the semifinal. 
These 23 athletes displayed the best 
qualities of champions: depth, con-fidence, selflessness, athleticism, and unconquerable spirit. With a decisive 5– 2 victory over Japan, the U.S. Women’s National Team showed the world that this is what legacy looks like. 
We will forever remember when this 
team of athletes brought the Nation to its feet, yelling, ‘‘I believe, I believe that we will win.’’ And they did. 
Mr. President, I congratulate all the 
players, coaches, and staff of the 2015 U.S. women’s national soccer team. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 218) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 9, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow, Thursday, July 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S. 1177. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Chairman A LEXANDER and Ranking 
Member M URRAY intend to set up fur-
ther amendment votes tomorrow before lunch, so Senators should expect a se-ries of votes around 11:30 a.m. tomor-row. ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
LUMENTHAL . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
want to thank all of my colleagues for their hard work that has brought us to this point on the bipartisan Every Child Achieves Act. My friend and col-league from Tennessee, Chairman A
LEXANDER , and my great colleague, 
Ranking Member M URRAY , of the 
HELP Committee have worked tire-lessly to bring this bill to the floor. I salute them for finding many points of agreement that unite us in a very bi-partisan way in forming our approach to high-stakes testing—an issue that has bedeviled this body and our Nation for many years—and requiring in-creased data collection and reporting, expanding access to early childhood education, increases in authorization of funding, and finally, after 13 years, reauthorizing the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act. 
This bill is by no means perfect. Few 
measures approved by the Congress are. We work to come as close to per-fection as possible. But, as the saying goes, we cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good. This bill is a good bill. I personally would like to see some of the accountability provisions of the bill strengthened, ensuring that schools have real incentives to make reform. 
I have some very serious qualms 
about a proposal that would change the 
formula for allocating title I funding in a way that would take funding away from certain districts in Connecticut and other States that serve low-income children. 
I am hoping that three of the amend-
ments I have written will make this legislation stronger. 
First, I am pleased to say that an 
amendment that I had led to make sure schools and districts understand their responsibility under title IX was adopt-ed in the underlying bill. I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking 
Member M URRAY for their commitment 
on this important title IX provision that makes the bill better and guaran-tees that title IX will be enforced. 
A lot of people think title IX affects 
only athletic programs. In fact, it actu-ally covers all forms of gender-based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.058 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4896 July 8, 2015 
discrimination in schools, including 
sexual harassment and assault, bul-lying, the needs of pregnant and par-enting students, female participation in the STEM field, and a lot more. All kinds of discrimination are covered by title IX. 
This landmark measure in our Fed-
eral law requires every school to des-ignate an employee to serve as a title IX coordinator, helping students and staff to understand their rights and their obligations. Unfortunately, a lot of schools currently fail to designate such a coordinator. 
In Connecticut, my friend Bill Howe 
has provided vitally important state-wide title IX compliance training for years, but I know he often found it very difficult to secure funding for his efforts and was sometimes forced to dip into his own pocket to keep these pro-grams going. Bill Howe is a hero in Connecticut for maintaining and sus-taining a title IX training program. 
My amendment will give States the 
resources they need to ensure their schools are protecting and promoting gender equity. No longer will Bill Howe be forced to make that funding out of his own pocket—Connecticut will have it as well. 
I am proud to join with Senator 
A
YOTTE in championing an amendment 
that will provide critical training and resources to help educators recognize and respond to the earliest signs of mental illness. This provision is really key because school personnel fre-quently see young people in many dif-ferent situations, and therefore they are among the best positioned to see young people who are at risk of serious mental illness and identify those risk signs and provide mental health serv-ices at critical times before those ill-nesses become more serious. 
We know from our tragic and horrific 
experience—we in Connecticut know better than most—that violence and emergency situations can happen any-where, including at the youngest ages in elementary and secondary schools. Resources must be made available for people to help deescalate crisis situa-tions. These funds will help diffuse those crises before they occur or while they occur by providing critical mental health services. 
Training programs are important for 
teaching school professionals how to safely deescalate a crisis, recognize the signs and symptoms of mental illness, and refer people to appropriate mental health service providers at the early stages of mental illness, reducing the number of crisis situations. 
Some of the programs already in 
place provide models of what kind of training will be funded. They have proven immensely successful. They are profoundly important, and they can serve as models for other schools. Some of those models are in Connecticut— 
training and education in helping to diffuse and resolve crises and provide for treating mental illness. 
Third, I am perhaps most proud to 
offer the Jesse Lewis Empowering Edu-cators Act. I am proud to offer the 
Jesse Lewis Empowering Educators Act because I think it reflects an ad-vance in education that truly embodies the spirit and legacy of Jesse Lewis himself—a brave young boy who had emotional intelligence way beyond his years and who was a victim of the un-speakable, unimaginable, horrific trag-edy that occurred in Newtown. I thank my colleagues, Senators M
URPHY and 
CANTWELL , for cosponsoring it. 
Jesse was one of the children who 
lost their lives in the Sandy Hook trag-edy. In those painful, aching days after Sandy Hook, I sat in the living room of Scarlet Lewis, Jesse’s mom, and I saw firsthand through Jesse’s own words and photos the awe-inspiring courage and caring of this boy—his empathy and resilience and the compassion he demonstrated repeatedly throughout his all-too-brief life. 
This amendment is directly shaped 
by the Sandy Hook Advisory Commis-sion’s final report, which highlights the importance of integrating social and emotional learning concepts into our schools. The commission noted that social-emotional learning is an in-tegral part of education because stu-dents must learn coping skills, such as how to identify and name feelings and emotions such as frustration, anger, sadness, and how to use their problem- solving skills to manage those difficult emotional and potentially conflictual situations. 
Resolving conflict means under-
standing the reasons for it. Social in-telligence is the means to do it, and training teachers in how to teach it is one of the great missions we need to make sure our schools serve. 
As much as the commission’s work, 
this amendment really is formed by Scarlet Lewis and Jesse. His example of emotional and social learning, of in-telligence in that sense, provides an ex-ample of what we should seek to emu-late in our schools—demonstrating car-ing and concern for others, maintain-ing positive relationships, and making responsible decisions and resolving conflicts effectively. All of these are teachable and learnable skills. In fact, they are essential to learn for partici-pating and contributing to society. The only question is, Where are young peo-ple going to learn them? If they do not learn them at home, they need to be taught in our schools. 
If students are surrounded by edu-
cators who understand these concepts and who have the right tools and train-ing to teach them, these students can learn to demonstrate what intelligence and emotional intelligence means in practical, everyday terms—how it can make people happier and make the peo-ple around those young people happier. Demonstrating the kinds of emotional gifts and intelligence that Jesse had in-nately is itself a gift that can be taught, and we have an obligation to teach it. 
Social and emotional learning is a 
strategy that is strongly grounded in academic research. Numerous studies 
and reports, including the great work being done at the Yale Center for Emo-tional Intelligence, have found that students who exhibit these skills not only perform better academically but are less likely to engage in problematic behavior, such as alcohol and drug use, violence, truancy, and bullying. It makes perfect common sense. Students who have that emotional intelligence better adjust and avoid the pitfalls of substance abuse, violence, bullying, and conflict with fellow students. 
We have an obligation to adopt so-
cial—emotional learning as part of the curricula of our schools and to make sure teachers are trained in how to im-part and inculcate those great talents and gifts that are so important to the happiness of the young people who come through their classrooms, and I am hopeful this amendment will be-come part of this bill. 
My amendments recognize that edu-
cation is not only about reading, writ-ing, and arithmetic, but learning re-quires an environment and a culture that cares for each student and pre-pares each person as an individual and as a healthy, involved member of a larger community. I think that will be a legacy we can leave through this bill, and I hope we will. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow morning. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:18 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, July 9, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
SAINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY DEVELOPMENT  
CORPORATION  
ANTHONY G. COLLINS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE ADVISORY BOARD OF THE SAINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, VICE WILLIAM L. WILSON. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
BRAD R. CARSON, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE UNDER SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND READINESS, VICE JESSICA GARFOLA WRIGHT, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MARI CARMEN APONTE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
PETER WILLIAM BODDE, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO LIBYA. 
CATHERINE EBERT–GRAY, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE INDEPENDENT STATE OF PAPUA NEW GUINEA, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITH-OUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SOLOMON ISLANDS AND AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF VANUATU. 
DENNIS B. HANKINS, OF MINNESOTA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF GUINEA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G08JY6.061 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4897 July 8, 2015 
G. KATHLEEN HILL, OF COLORADO, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALTA. 
ELISABETH I. MILLARD, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TAJIKISTAN. 
MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
MARK PHILIP COHEN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS EXPIRING MARCH 1, 2021, VICE ANNE MARIE WAGNER, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
NICHOLAS R. CABANO BARBARA CLOUTIER THOMAS H. EDWARDS MICHAEL D. HANSEN ERIN J. HAVERLY GREGORY S. LAUGHLIN JAMES W. PRATT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
KIMBERLY D. BRENDA TED T. CHAPMAN ANDREW D. CONTRERAS MICHAEL A. DAVIDSON LORIE L. FIKE CHRISTOPHER A. FLAUGH NICHELLE A. JOHNSON JAMES J. JONES DAVID LARRES DUSTIN S. MARTIN MAE H. MIRANDA JOHNNY W. PAUL JULIE C. RYLANDER JAMES R. SCHMID ENRIQUE V. SMITHFORBES ZACK T. SOLOMON CARRIE A. STORER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ERIC J. ANSORGE JUSTIN AVERY AMY M. BIRD MERBIN CARATTINI TELLIS L. CARR ANNETTE M. CARTER JOHN D. CARTER LAKISHIA T. CHEEFUS RICKEY CHRISTOPHER CHRISTOPHER M. CHUNG SIDNEY M. COBB MICHAEL M. COE MICHELLE COLACICCOMAYHUGH KYMBERLY A. DEBEAUCLAIR MICHAEL R. DEVRIES ERICA R. DIJOSEPH CHARLES A. DITUSA LUCINDA DUNCAN LIQUORI L. ETHERIDGE YUN H. FAN CHADWICK FLETCHER BRIAN T. FREIDLINE DAVID L. GLAD TAMMY D. GLASCOE BRYAN T. GNADE ALEJANDRO GONZALES MICHELLE J. GRADNIGO ANDREW R. GREGORY BRENT W. GRUVER JIAN GUAN CASEY E. HAINES VANESA D. HAMARD TIFFANY N. HEADY THWANA F. JOHNSON DONALD C. JOHNSTON ALAN A. JONES NICOS KARASAVVA PAUL J. KASSEBAUM ALEXANDER K. KAYATANI TODD M. KIJEK CHRISTOPHER W. KISS MELISSA LECCESE JASON D. LING HERBERT LORFILS ROBERT G. LOWEN CLAUDIA S. LUNA JAMES C. MAKER DAVID R. MALDONADOLOPEZ DAMIAN G. MCCABE HARRY MCDONALD, JR. RICHARD B. MCNEMEE, JR. MARILYN M. MUELLER JITTAWADEE MURPHY ALFRED H. NADER III CLAUDIA G. NOYOLA 
JAMES A. NUCE MARCO A. OCHOA MARILYN V. OFIELD CHRISTOPHER J. OLIVER CHRISTIAN K. OLSON TRAVIS D. PAMENTER ANTHONY W. PATTERSON LORENZA L. PETERSON LALINI PILLAY JOSE M. PIZARROMATOS PAUL R. ROLEY ANDREW T. SCHNAUBELT STEPHANIE A. SIDO TRACY C. SMALLBROWN ROSE L. SMYTH SUSAN L. SPIAK VEASNA T. SREY KIRSTEN F. SWANSON MATTHEW T. SWINGHOLM TERESA M. TERRY SABRINA R. THWEATT WILLIAM A. TUDOR, JR. SORAYA TURNER JOLANDA L. WALKER DAVID V. WALSH FRED K. WEIGEL MARC R. WELDE MICHAEL S. WHIDDON WILLIAM D. WHITAKER RACHEL J. WIENKE EMILE K. WIJNANS ROBERT V. WILLIAMS GREGORY C. WILSON D010268 D011713 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOHN L. AMENT MARIA O. P. ANGELES SARAH R. BELLENGER DAVID E. BENNETT DWIGHT R. BERRY ALLAN J. BOUDREAUX SILVANA R. BOYD LISA D. BRADFORD JODY A. BROWN KRISTAL R. BRYANT EDWARD F. BURKE GAIL M. CASLEYSAWYER RICHARD CLARK SHANNON M. COLE JACQUELIN COLEMANADAMS MICHAEL R. CORBIN ROBERT L. CORSON LESLIE A. CURTIS SHIRLEY DANIEL TERRY R. DICKINSON BRENT L. DONMOYER E E. DUNTON II JENNIFER L. FLORENT CLAUDE E. FOURROUX ROBERT K. FREDREGILL LAURA M. GALLAWAY WENDY L. GRAY JOHN C. HANSON WILLIAM R. HERRMANN RENEE L. HOWELL SARAH T. HUML JENNIFER R. HUXEL MARY E. ITTNER KRISTIN D. JAUREGUI HYUN J. KANG STEVEN S. KERTES ANN K. KETZ LAURA O. KHAN KIJA A. KOROWICKI DAVID D. LAMBERT TRACY A. LITTLE STEPHANIE K. MARTINSON BILLIE J. MATTHEWS REBECCA K. MCARTHUR STEVEN T. MEYER JOHN L. MITCHELL, JR. IDA S. MONTGOMERY VINCENT B. MYERS TRACY J. OSTROM LILLIAN S. PERKINS SAFIYA S. PETERSON BRENT K. RAMSEY DARRELL G. REAMER COLLEEN M. REID WILLIAM S. SEDGWICK MARIA H. SHELTON CHRISTOPHER T. STAKE RACHEL STRATMAN PAULINE A. SWIGER LORI M. TAPLEY RUBY J. THOMAS JEFFREY D. THOMPSON SHEILA J. WEBB MICHAEL W. WISSEMANN WENDY G. WOODALL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR REGULAR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
LAURA M. HUDSON IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTOPHER N. ANDREWS GLEN A. BARNETT RYAN L. BROOKS MATTHEW A. BURMESTER CHRISTOPHER D. CARAWAY PATRICK C. CASHIN STEPHEN L. CLAGETT PAUL M. DANOS EDWARD J. DAVIS, JR. TIMOTHY D. ERICKSON STEVEN E. GREY, JR. CHARLES R. HALL ROGER A. HART RYAN C. LANGHAM ANDREW J. LAWRENCE JOSHUA E. LISTER JOSHUA LUDWIG TIMOTHY S. MARSHALL BRIAN D. MAXFIELD RYAN M. P. MCCABE TIMOTHY L. MERRICK GREGORY A. MISCHLER GWENDOLYN H. MURPHY JONATHAN S. OVREN CHARLES C. POGUE SHANE H. PRICE RYAN W. ROBERTSON CHRISTOPHER A. ROMNEK MARK G. ROSTEDT ALEXANDER M. SAYERS MICHAEL A. SCHENK DUSTIN T. SMITH JAMES P. STEBBINS DEREK A. SUTTON JOSHUA D. THOMPSON JOSHUA P. THURMAN JOSHUA H. TILEY CHRISTOPHER R. TOCKEY BRIAN L. TRIBBITT JON K. TURNIPSEED NICHOLAS A. TUUK NICHOLAS J. VANDYKE 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 211(A)(2): 
To be lieutenant commander 
STEPHEN R. BIRD 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERV-ICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS ONE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA: 
JASON DOUGLAS KALBFLEISCH, OF ALASKA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS TWO, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
ARLENE RENEE BARILEC, OF NEW YORK 
MARLAINA R. CASEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PHATHANIE S. CHAPMAN, OF VIRGINIA REBECCA SCHWALBACH DALEY, OF VIRGINIA LISA A. DERRICKSON, OF ALASKA REBECCA EDWARDS, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK FENNING, OF VIRGINIA FADI A. HADDAD, OF FLORIDA ALBERT JOHN JANEK III, OF VIRGINIA DAVID H. LIBOFF, OF FLORIDA GWENDOLYN LLEWELLYN, OF VIRGINIA DALEY C. O’NEIL, OF FLORIDA CHRISTOPHER W. VOLCIAK, OF PENNSYLVANIA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
LIDIA AVAKIAN, OF VIRGINIA 
CARRIE LYNN BASNIGHT, OF FLORIDA KARLA C. BROWN, OF CALIFORNIA TABATHA L. FAIRCLOUGH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
KWANG H. KIM, OF FLORIDA KEIJI D. TURNER, OF WYOMING 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS FOUR, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
NISHA ABRAHAM, OF TEXAS 
MICHAEL KEITH AGNER, JR., OF FLORIDA MEGAN AHEARN, OF PENNSYLVANIA MAROOF P. AHMED, OF FLORIDA NADIA SHAIRZAY AHMED, OF VIRGINIA DRU ALEJANDRO, OF FLORIDA BRIAN DAVID ASCHER, OF FLORIDA RACHEL ATWOOD MENDIOLA, OF NORTH DAKOTA OSCAR D. AVILA, OF FLORIDA KALA CARRUTHERS AZAR, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW C. BAKER, OF CALIFORNIA ANNA L. BALOGH, OF MASSACHUSETTS FRANCESCO CARLO BARBACCI, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.003 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4898 July 8, 2015 
ANDREW BARWIG, OF COLORADO 
NICOLE C. BAYER, OF CALIFORNIA CALEB DANIEL BECKER, OF TEXAS BRANISLAVA BELL, OF NORTH CAROLINA ANNIKA R. BETANCOURT, OF CONNECTICUT SHAILAJA BISTA, OF GEORGIA D. JAMES BJORKMAN, OF VERMONT BRIDGET BLAGOEVSKI–TRAZOFF, OF NEW YORK RICHMOND PAUL BLAKE, OF PENNSYLVANIA SEAN DANIEL BODA, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW ANTHONY BOULLIOUN, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL DAVIDSON BOVEN, OF MICHIGAN ROYCE MELBERT BRANCH II, OF TEXAS BRIAN JAMES BREUHAUS, OF NEW YORK LASEAN WADE BROWN, OF GEORGIA CAROLINE R. BUDDENHAGEN, OF FLORIDA KEVIN J. BURGWINKLE, OF VIRGINIA LAURA ALLISON BURNS, OF FLORIDA ANDREW GEORGE BURY III, OF VIRGINIA JOHN W. BUSH II, OF FLORIDA YANCY W. CARUTHERS, OF MISSOURI JEFFREY PHILIP CERNYAR, OF TEXAS DEAN I. CHANG, OF PENNSYLVANIA GRACE WOORI CHOI, OF CALIFORNIA YUSHIN CHOI, OF CALIFORNIA ROGER VINCENT CHUANG, OF CALIFORNIA D. MARKO CIMBALJEVICH, OF INDIANA SHOSHAUNA A. CLARK, OF COLORADO VANESSA D. COLON, OF TEXAS NATHAN J. COOPER, OF CALIFORNIA JESSI MARIE COPELAND, OF VIRGINIA JULIA HARTT KENTNOR CORBY, OF ARIZONA ELISE S. CRANE, OF COLORADO REID MILLER CREEDON, OF MICHIGAN CATHERINE CROFT, OF WASHINGTON CHAD SPENCER CRYDER, OF INDIANA CHANSONETTA C. CUMMINGS, OF VIRGINIA DAVID JUDE CUMMINGS, OF COLORADO ANDREW A. DAEHNE, OF TEXAS EDWARD FRANCIS DANOWITZ III, OF GEORGIA CYNTHIA C. DAVILA, OF CALIFORNIA 
STEWART E. DAVIS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNIFER L. DENHARD, OF FLORIDA ANDREW R. DEVLIN, OF VIRGINIA DAISY A. DIX, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW HARRINGTON DOEHLER, OF MARYLAND CHRISTY S. DOHERTY, OF VIRGINIA KIRK EDWARD DONAHOE, OF PENNSYLVANIA CLARE E. DOWDLE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RICHARD L. DUBOIS III, OF KANSAS MICHAEL DUBRAY, OF CALIFORNIA KARL DUCKWORTH, OF PENNSYLVANIA ANDREW WEBER DUFF, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN L. DUNATHAN, OF WASHINGTON ANNA DUPONT, OF NEW YORK SANDRA L. DUPUY, OF FLORIDA JOEL DYLHOFF, OF ILLINOIS DERRICK EDUARD ECKARDT, OF INDIANA TIMOTHY R. EDGE, OF CALIFORNIA WREN S. ELHAI, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER CHARLES ELLIS, OF OREGON MARY K. FANOUS, OF FLORIDA CHRISTOPHER R. FARLOW, OF FLORIDA JESSICA T. FARMER, OF MAINE MICHAEL JARED FELDMAN, OF MARYLAND JAMES P. FELDMAYER, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL D. FENECH, OF TEXAS BETH RUSHFORD FERNALD, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE LIAM E. FITZGERALD, OF VIRGINIA SHARYN C. FITZGERALD, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT WILLIAM FOLLEY, OF WISCONSIN AMIRA A. FOUAD, OF CALIFORNIA SACHA FRAITURE, OF MARYLAND DAVID FREITAS, OF CALIFORNIA WILLIAM DAVID TUNGETT FROST, OF KENTUCKY GREGORY ROBERT GAEDE, OF CALIFORNIA JASON HOWARD GALLIAN, OF UTAH EDUARDO GARCIA, OF TEXAS LAUREN M. GIBSON, OF MARYLAND BRIAN A. GILLESPIE, OF TENNESSEE DARROW SLADE GODESKI MERTON, OF NEW YORK KESHAV GOPINATH, OF CALIFORNIA KAM J. GORDON, OF UTAH NICHOLAS GRAY, OF WISCONSIN LUKE S. GREICIUS, OF NEW YORK KAY TRENHOLME HAIRSTON, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDER FERRELL HALL, OF WASHINGTON JOHN RICHARD HALL, OF TEXAS HAMMAD BASSAM HAMMAD, OF CALIFORNIA JEFFREY HANLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHAEL HARKER, OF NORTH CAROLINA BRENDAN J. HARLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA MARY K. HARRINGTON, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE JENNIFER ANNE–MARIE HARWOOD, OF MARYLAND KARLENE M. HENNINGER FRELICH, OF FLORIDA YASMEEN HIBRAWI, OF CALIFORNIA CARLTON JEROME HICKS, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTIANA MICHELLE HOLLIS, OF FLORIDA REID STEVENSON HOWELL, OF OREGON MAIETA HOWZE, OF NEW YORK RICHARD DANIEL HUGHES, OF NEW YORK JONATHAN HWANG, OF CALIFORNIA ADAEZE J. IGWE, OF TEXAS KUMI T. IKEDA, OF CALIFORNIA AMIRAH TAREK ISMAIL, OF VIRGINIA AARON THEODORE JACKSON, OF CALIFORNIA DANIEL ALEXANDER JACOBS–NHAN, OF GEORGIA JESSICA LYNN JARCEV, OF WASHINGTON JOSANDA EVELYN JINNETTE, OF TEXAS ELVIN JOHN, OF TEXAS DOUGLAS MAYES JOHNSON, OF ARIZONA NADINE FARID JOHNSON, OF WASHINGTON ALLISON BARR JONES, OF MAINE BRITT JAMISON JONES, OF NORTH CAROLINA DAVID JOSAR, OF PENNSYLVANIA JAMES JOSEPH KANIA, OF NEW JERSEY ASHOK KAUL, OF NEVADA KAMILAH MARESSA KEITH, OF GEORGIA 
PHILIP R. KERN, OF WYOMING AAMER ALAM KHAN, OF NEW JERSEY UZMA FATIMAH KHAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA MIRA J. KIM, OF ILLINOIS CHELSEA M. KINSMAN, OF NEW YORK JENNIFER S. KLARMAN, OF FLORIDA JOHN C. KNETTLES, OF WASHINGTON AHMED KOKON, OF NEW YORK JAN JERRY KRASNY, OF FLORIDA KAREN ANN KUZIS MEYER, OF WASHINGTON VALERIE A. LABOY, OF TEXAS BORCHIEN LAI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JEFFREY R. LAKSHAS, OF WASHINGTON JIN–FONG YASUO LAM, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW COURTNEY LAMM, OF WASHINGTON RENEE LYNN LARIVIERE, OF VERMONT BENJAMIN ISAAC LAZARUS, OF NORTH CAROLINA BENEY JUHYON LEE, OF WASHINGTON DANIEL K. LEE, OF CALIFORNIA SCOTT T. LEO, OF CONNECTICUT KRISTINA LESZCZAK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA STEVE DAVIS LEU, OF CALIFORNIA KUAN–WEN LIAO, OF NEW YORK SHANNON LIBURD, OF NEW YORK JOSEPH KUO LIN, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID LINFIELD, OF FLORIDA ALLISON WERNER LISTERMAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA PETER ALBERT LOSSAU, OF FLORIDA MY LU, OF CALIFORNIA JACLYN LUO, OF TEXAS JENNIFER L. MAATTA, OF WASHINGTON EWAN JOHN MACDOUGALL, OF NEW YORK DANIEL P. MADAR, OF SOUTH CAROLINA MATTHEW A. MALONE, OF MARYLAND CRISTOPH ALEXIS MARK, OF CALIFORNIA DAN MARK, OF WASHINGTON DOREEN VAILLANCOURT MARONEY, OF MARYLAND THOMAS PATRICK MAROTTA, OF FLORIDA TRACY MARTIN, OF NEW YORK CATHERINE LIND MATHES, OF KANSAS 
BRIAN AARON MATTYS, OF NEW YORK PAUL A. MCDERMOTT, OF TEXAS KRISTINE R. MCELWEE, OF OREGON KARL W. MCNAMARA, OF SOUTH DAKOTA DAVID MCWILLIAMS, OF TEXAS KRISTIN ASHLEY MENCER, OF TENNESSEE SAUL MERCADO, OF NEW YORK SHANNON M. MERLO, OF VIRGINIA LITAH NICOLE MILLER, OF MISSOURI RYAN S. MILLER, OF OHIO CHAD GREGORY MINER, OF LOUISIANA KYLE JOHN MISSBACH, OF TEXAS MICHAEL JOHN MITCHELL, OF MINNESOTA CHARLES L. MONTGOMERY, OF CALIFORNIA EVAN MORRISEY, OF WASHINGTON AMAL MOUSSAOUI HAYNES, OF NEW YORK SCOTT E. MURPHY, OF VIRGINIA NINA MURRAY, OF NEBRASKA KERRIE ANN NANNI, OF TEXAS JOSEPH JOHN NARUS, OF OREGON CRISTINA MARIE NARVAEZ, OF FLORIDA WILLIAM E. O’BRYAN, OF NEBRASKA RACHEL OREOLUWA OKUNUBI, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
AMBER M. OLIVA, OF ALASKA DAVID TODD PANETTI, OF MINNESOTA JASON LEE PARK, OF NEW JERSEY JOO WEON JOHN PARK, OF VIRGINIA TYLER J. PARTRIDGE, OF ARIZONA LEONARD K. PAYNE IV, OF FLORIDA CASSANDRA J. PAYTON, OF FLORIDA MIGAEL S. PENIX, OF NORTH CAROLINA AMY PETERSEN, OF TEXAS NATALIE L. PETERSON, OF OHIO SHANNON ELISABETH PETRY, OF TEXAS ROBERT MATTHEW PICKETT, OF OREGON BRANDON NOBLE PIERCE, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW COLE PIERSON, OF VIRGINIA LISA N. PODOLNY, OF FLORIDA KEVIN C. PRICE, OF VIRGINIA LAURA QUINN, OF NEW YORK HEDAYAT KHALIL RAFIQZAD, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER RAINS, OF CALIFORNIA AMANJIT RAMESH, OF VIRGINIA SHANKAR RAO, OF CALIFORNIA KEDENARD MADEILLE RAYMOND, OF MARYLAND JUSTIN REID, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES PATRICK REIDY, OF TEXAS REBECCA RESNIK, OF MARYLAND SALINA RICO, OF CALIFORNIA ARMANDO DIEGO RIVERA, OF ARIZONA JOHN TIMOTHY ROBBINS, OF TEXAS KAHINA MILDRANA ROBINSON, OF CALIFORNIA THAD W. ROSS, OF IDAHO JOHN RUNKLE, OF WASHINGTON RAOUL A. RUSSELL, OF TENNESSEE WILLIAM C. SANDS, OF TEXAS SCOTT R. SANFORD, OF WYOMING JOHN DAVID SARRAF, OF PENNSYLVANIA BRIAN J. SAWICH, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE JOANNA M. SCHENKE, OF TEXAS MIRIAM S. SCHIVE, OF MARYLAND STEPHANIE LAURA SCHMID, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
CURTIS L. SCHMUCKER, OF FLORIDA GARY SCHUMANN, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW WILLIAM SCRANTON, OF DELAWARE JAMES JONAS SHEA, OF MARYLAND MARY ANN SHEPHERD, OF COLORADO TIMOTHY SHRIVER, OF IOWA JEFFREY HANCOCK SILLIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
JOAN LOUISE SIMON BARTHOLOMAUS, OF WASHINGTON KRISTEN MICHELLE EDIANN SMART, OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA 
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, OF ARIZONA CHRISTOPHER FREDERIC SMITH, OF TEXAS 
MARISSA L. SMITH, OF ARIZONA RACHEL ELIZABETH SMITH, OF CALIFORNIA SEAN ROBERT SMITH, OF PENNSYLVANIA THERESA ANN CARPENTER SONDJO, OF MARYLAND LACHLYN M. SOPER, OF TEXAS JULIANA AURELIA SPAVEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
SILVIA FREYRE SPRING, OF MARYLAND PAUL A. ST. PIERRE II, OF TENNESSEE EVAN ROBERT STANLEY, OF FLORIDA ANDREW STAPLES, OF WASHINGTON ADAM T. STEVENS, OF CONNECTICUT JACOB DARYL STEVENS, OF WASHINGTON KARYN M. STOVALL, OF ILLINOIS LUCIJA BAJZER STRALEY, OF MINNESOTA ELISABETH CORBIN STRATTON, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
TRACY M. STRAUCH, OF VIRGINIA MARY M. STREETZEL, OF FLORIDA AKASH R. SURI, OF CALIFORNIA SARAH HOWE SWATZBURG, OF NEVADA CODY W. SWYER, OF CALIFORNIA KAREN TANG, OF VIRGINIA SHAWN TENBRINK, OF OHIO JOHN THOMPSON, OF TEXAS SEAN ANDREW THOMPSON, OF WASHINGTON BRIAN ANDREW TIMM–BROCK, OF MARYLAND LESLIE M. TOKIWA, OF CALIFORNIA GREGORY VINSON TOLLE, OF VIRGINIA J. BARRETT TRAVIS, OF TEXAS AARON CHAUNCEY TRUAX, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CAITLIN JANE TUMULTY, OF MASSACHUSETTS NICHOLAS TYNER, OF MASSACHUSETTS DAVID MARK URBIA, OF MINNESOTA ANNE M. VASQUEZ, OF FLORIDA KARINA A. VERAS, OF NEW YORK CHARLES F. VETTER, OF TEXAS VANJA VUKOTA, OF FLORIDA CYNTHIA H. WANG, OF CALIFORNIA RONALD P. WARD, OF FLORIDA 
JEFFREY M. WARNER, OF NEVADA EILEEN WEDEL, OF FLORIDA REBECCA WEIDNER, OF VIRGINIA NELSON H. WEN, OF TEXAS KEITH E. WEST, OF FLORIDA ELIZABETH ANNE WEWERKA, OF FLORIDA EMILY BUTLER WHITE, OF CALIFORNIA ZAINABU ZAWADI WILLIAMS, OF MARYLAND ERIC MICHAEL WILSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANDREW G. WINKELMAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA COURTNEY J. WOODS, OF ARKANSAS STALLION EASE YANG, OF CALIFORNIA HYUN YOON, OF FLORIDA DENISE ROSALIND ZAVRAS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
LU ZHOU, OF CALIFORNIA MICHELLE ZIA, OF VIRGINIA RAFAELA ZUIDEMA–BLOMFIELD, OF PENNSYLVANIA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED PERSON OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF THE CLASS STATED: 
FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF CLASS FOUR, CON-
SULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, EFFEC-TIVE JULY 6, 2010: 
DERRIN RAY SMITH, OF FLORIDA 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR: 
STUART MACKENZIE HATCHER, OF VIRGINIA 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN 
SERVICE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
JENNIFER ANN AMOS, OF TEXAS 
JENNIFER ANDERSON, OF ALASKA PATRICK B. BAETJER, OF VIRGINIA LAUREN ELIZABETH BARROW, OF FLORIDA JOHN CONNOR BIBA, OF VIRGINIA RANDALL E. BROWN, OF TEXAS DAVID LUKE BRUNS, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW THOMAS CALVIN, OF COLORADO LEROY A. CAMPBELL, OF VIRGINIA DANA LYNN CANDELL, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL P. CASSIN, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY LOUIS CHRISTY, OF VIRGINIA MARLYNN P. CIAVOLA, OF VIRGINIA APRIL L. CONWAY, OF GEORGIA MICHAEL L. COOK, OF VIRGINIA RUSSELL JAMES CORNELIA, OF MASSACHUSETTS JENNIFER M. CROSSON, OF VIRGINIA JASON T. CUMMINGS, OF VIRGINIA COURTNEY LYNN DE ANGELIS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
BLAKE NATHANIEL EBER, OF VIRGINIA HOLLY TAING EBHARDT, OF VIRGINIA NURIT SIVAN EINIK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PAUL DAVID JO ELY, OF OREGON HEATHER NALLEY FARRELL, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM TROY FARRIS, OF VIRGINIA ANNA T. FEATHER, OF NEVADA MICHAEL STEPHEN FLETCHER, OF VIRGINIA OWEN PATRICK FLETCHER, OF MARYLAND WILLIAM WEST FOLLMER, OF MARYLAND EVAN FOX, OF VIRGINIA LLOYD DUNGAN FREEMAN, OF TENNESSEE HENRY YU–HANG FUNG, OF FLORIDA SEAN C. GARRETT, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE GIACOLETTO–STEGALL, OF UTAH JENNIFER LYNNE GOOD, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.006 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4899 July 8, 2015 
TIMOTHY MICHAEL HAGERTY, OF VIRGINIA 
KATHERINE ANN HARBIN, OF MISSOURI KATHERINE D. HARMON, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD BARNEY HATCH, OF VIRGINIA MARY E. HAWKINS, OF MARYLAND RICHARD EDWARD HEATER, OF NEW YORK ROSEMARY NOTTOLI HIGGINS, OF ILLINOIS SEAN D. HILL, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN LEE HUTTENBACH, OF VIRGINIA JEFFRY ALAN JACKSON, OF CONNECTICUT KENNETH EDWARD JENSEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
WILLIAM G. JOHNSON, OF CALIFORNIA OLIVIA R. JORJANI, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA WESLEY PRICE KAMP, OF NEW YORK JOHN HERMAN KAY, OF VIRGINIA KENDRA J. KILLMER, OF VIRGINIA JAMES PETER KLAPPS, JR., OF VIRGINIA NOAH ADAM KLINGER, OF NEW YORK CYNTHIA B. KNUTSEN, OF VIRGINIA OLENA ANNA KRAWCIW, OF VIRGINIA 
KEVIN C. KREPLIN, OF ARIZONA ABIGAIL CAROLINE LACKMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
KELLY STERLING LAURITZEN, OF TEXAS SCOTT SUNGWON LEE, OF MARYLAND CARY O. LEWIN, OF VIRGINIA MEGHAN LUCKETT, OF MICHIGAN LAURA ALLISON MACARTHUR, OF CALIFORNIA ANGELA EVE MALONEY, OF MARYLAND 
CAROLINE JESSICA MANN, OF ILLINOIS RICHARD WILLIAM MATTON, JR., OF VIRGINIA KEVIN WENG–YEW MAYNER, OF GEORGIA JERRY P. MAYO, OF VIRGINIA RYAN THOMAS MCCLELLAN, OF VIRGINIA JOHNNY MEYER, OF VIRGINIA PAUL DAVID MIGNANO, OF NEW YORK MONICA A. MIRELES, OF VIRGINIA DAVID CARLTON MORRISON, OF IOWA JAMES RICHARD NUTTALL, OF VIRGINIA JOHN THOMAS OCH, OF VIRGINIA ALEX OLIVIA O’MALLEY, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK JOSEPH PERRIELLO, JR., OF NEW YORK 
NICHOLAS A. PSYHOS, OF VIRGINIA BELLA A. REID, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT ANDREW RISNER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANGELIA DELOIS ROBERTSON, OF FLORIDA JUSTIN J. RONNING, OF VIRGINIA ADAM LELAND SCHICK, OF WASHINGTON CATHERINE ROSE SEAGRAVES, OF OKLAHOMA CHAD JOSEPH SLANEY, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH M. SMITH, OF NEW YORK NICHOLAS MATHEW SMITH, OF VIRGINIA SHANE SPELLMAN, OF MISSOURI FREDRIC NICHOLAS STOKES, OF CONNECTICUT TINA S. SULEIMAN, OF VIRGINIA SHRAVAN SURENDRA, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL PATRICK SYKES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
KYLE LEWIS TADKEN, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA L. TESORIERO, OF VIRGINIA KAYLA RICHELLE THOMAS, OF VIRGINIA DEVON VAN DYNE, OF WASHINGTON CHRISTOPHER L. VASQUEZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
KRISTEN ELAINE VATT, OF ARIZONA ERIC THOMAS VOGEL, OF TEXAS REBECCA WALL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNIFER DERNAY WHALEN, OF LOUISIANA HOLLY ROTHE WIELKOSZEWSKI, OF VIRGINIA 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on July 8, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF BRIG. GEN. ROBERT N. 
POLUMBO, TO BE MAJOR GENERAL, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08JY6.009 S08JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1013 July 8, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. NICK 
MANGANARO ON HIS 90TH BIRTH-DAY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to recognize Mr. Nick Manganaro as he cele-brates his 90th birthday. Nick began working at Medico Industries at the young age of 13, and he has continually served my local com-munity in his duties at the company’s Hanover Township facility. 
The son of Italian immigrants, Nick was 
born on May 23, 1925, and graduated from Pittston High School in 1943. He proudly went on to serve in the Navy during WWII and was stationed in Panama. Upon returning to Pittston in 1946, Nick immediately resumed his work at Medico Electric Motor Company. 
To this day, Nick is still employed by Medico 
Industries, where he has worked for 77 years. His work ethic is unparalleled. A wearer of many hats, Nick has worked on the rigging crew, operated cranes, drove tractor trailers, and maneuvered all of the construction equip-ment. Within the company, Nick is considered to be a father figure to many employees, al-ways willing to provide support and guidance to those in need. He is admired by his cowork-ers and customers for his bright attitude, mod-est demeanor, and dedication to the company. 
Though he cannot perform all the job func-
tions he once could, Nick continues to work seven days per week—a habit that is indic-ative of his tireless, hard-working character. He still lives at the Manganaro family home-stead, where he resides next door to his sis-ter, Maria Capolarella Montante. The two have one living brother, Joe Manganaro. Outside of work, Nick is a member of St. Rocco’s Parish in Pittston, and is a life-long member of the San Cataldo Society in Pittston, a social orga-nization that is united in celebrating its mem-ber’s Italian heritage, familial values, and reli-gious principles. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Mr. 
Nick Manganaro on this important milestone, and I admire his diligent work ethic and sense of commitment. I thank Nick for his service to our country and community, and I hope that he will celebrate this year in the company of his family and friends. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE NATIONAL NEGRO GOLF ASSOCIATION 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
mark the 50th Anniversary of the National Negro Golf Association (NNGA) and to recog-nize the organization for its efforts to increase 
interest in the game, particularly among Afri-can American communities. 
Sports often reflect the racial and social 
trends in the larger American society; and per-haps no game illustrates the gradual progres-sion in race relations quite as clearly as golf. 
Nearly 50 years ago, a small group of black 
students gathered in Lebanon, Pennsylvania to establish the NNGA. Its history would be-come part of the greater ongoing struggle to overcome a legacy of social exclusion. While NNGA’s mission focuses on recreation, it has become an agent for social change. 
Today, NNGA has grown to over 200 mem-
bers in seven chapters, including a chapter in the 11th Congressional District of Ohio, my home district. Its interest in diversity and inclu-sion has inspired the association to raise hun-dreds of thousands of dollars for the United Negro College Fund and has helped profes-sional African American golfers further their careers in this once exclusive sport. 
Over the course of its history, the fraternal 
spirit of the NNGA membership has positively impacted the lives of its members and future generations of young golfers. Happy 50th An-niversary to the National Negro Golf Associa-tion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BRIGADIER 
GENERAL KRISTIN K. FRENCH ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Brigadier General Kristin K. French on her retirement from her long and heroic service in the U.S. Armed Forces. 
Completing her studies at the historic 
grounds of West Point Military Academy in 1986, Brig. Gen. French would later go on to complete two masters degrees in Logistics Management and Strategic Studies. After serving all over the world in operations such as Operation Desert Fox in Kuwait, Operation Joint Endeavor in Croatia, Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq and Operation Enduring Free-dom in Afghanistan, she assumed command of the Joint Munitions and Lethality Life Cycle Management Command and Joint Munitions Command at the Rock Island Arsenal in Rock Island, Illinois in July of 2013. 
A highly decorated officer, her awards in-
clude the Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Joint Service Com-mendation Medal, Army Commendation Medal and the Army Achievement Medal. Brig. Gen. French is married to Lieutenant Colonel Rick French, and together they have a daughter and a son. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Brigadier 
General Kristin French for her dedicated serv-ice in the Armed Forces, bravely protecting and defending American citizens. I congratu-
late her on her well-earned retirement after nearly 30 years of service, and I wish her and her family the very best the future has to offer. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CURT FRYE 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Curt Frye of Wayne, Ne-braska, on his recent retirement after 30 years of service to the students and faculty at Wayne State College. 
Mr. Frye taught for 18 years in Nebraska 
public schools before becoming Associate Dean of Students at Wayne State in 1985. In the years following, he served in numerous roles including Dean of Students, Vice Presi-dent of Student Affairs, and Interim President before being named President in 2011. 
Having served at the college longer than 
any of his predecessors, Mr. Frye is known for his dedication to seeing Wayne State students succeed. I had the opportunity earlier this year to visit the College Center in South Sioux City, a unique partnership established under Mr. Frye’s leadership to provide a high-quality, af-fordable education to more students in the re-gion. Despite his retirement, Mr. Frye’s vision and tireless work for the college he loves will continue to benefit Wayne State students for years to come. 
On behalf of the people of Nebraska’s Third 
District, I thank Mr. Frye for his decades of service to Nebraska education and congratu-late him and his wife Dianne on the start of this new chapter in their lives. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes: 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
rise today to express my opposition to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. This bill undermines the fundamental purpose of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA), which was created to ensure that disadvantaged chil-dren are provided a high-quality education that allows them to compete on a level playing field with their more-advantaged peers. 
Among its many problematic provisions, this 
bill cuts crucial education funding, fails to hold states and districts accountable for supporting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JY8.001 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1014 July 8, 2015 
and improving the achievement of all students, 
eliminates and weakens protections for dis-advantaged students, and lacks critical sup-port systems for our nation’s educators. 
I believe No Child Left Behind (NCLB) is 
flawed and must be reformed, and reauthor-ization presents a tremendous opportunity to make much-needed improvements and bring our education system into the 21st century. However, instead of fixing the problems of NCLB, the Student Success Act does not re-flect best practices and fails to strike the ap-propriate balance between flexibility and ac-countability. 
Reauthorization should support college and 
career-ready standards, address the overuse of testing in teacher and school evaluations that currently forces educators to substitute test preparation for instruction, and feature an accountability system that includes meaningful targets for improving student attainment that gives schools and districts flexibility in how they achieve those goals. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 5 
and instead support reauthorization that re-stores our nation’s commitment to providing equal opportunity for all students regardless of their background and protect our country’s stu-dents including the most vulnerable, which was the intention of this landmark civil rights law. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, let me thank our Rank-
ing Member, Congresswoman M CCOLLUM , for 
her tremendous leadership of this Sub-committee. 
Mr. Chair, the Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Interior 
and Environment bill before us would place health and safety of all Americans at risk. It dangerously cuts funding by $246 million from FY 2015 levels and is $3.1 billion less than the President’s FY2016 request. 
The deep cuts to this bill would undermine 
our air quality, land, water and conservation funding and will have devastating impacts on all communities in my home state of California and across the country. 
What’s worse—this bill slashes funding for 
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by more than 700 million dollars—from FY2015 levels and funds the agency at more than a billion dollars less than the President’s FY2016 request. These profound cuts would significantly harm the Clean Water Fund and the Safe Drinking Water Fund—critical pro-grams that ensure the safety of our drinking water and our children. 
It also includes $40 million in cuts to the 
Historic Preservation Fund (HPP), which would weaken the National Park Service’s 
(NPS) ability to preserve sites significant in the Civil Rights Movement. This includes sites like the Selma to Montgomery National Historic Trail, where I marched this spring to com-memorate the 50th anniversary of ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ 
Furthermore, there are also egregious policy 
riders in this bill that would block clean air pro-tections, such as the EPA’s Clean Power Plan. 
Too many families, particularly those in low- 
income, vulnerable communities, already suf-fer from poor air quality because of dirty car-bon pollution. 
We know that communities of color are dis-
proportionately affected by pollution-related ill-nesses, including asthma. According to the American Academy of Allergy Asthma and Im-munology, one in six African American and one in nine Latino children suffer from asthma. 
There are other toxic policy riders that 
would block the protection of our imperiled wildlife under the Endangered Species Act, like the Greater Sage Grouse population. 
The Endangered Species Act is the only law 
that has safeguarded more than 2,000 plants and wildlife from extinction. This law enjoys broad support from nearly 85 percent of Amer-icans. And yet here we are again, with a bill that seeks to undermine decades of animal protection and runs counter to vast public sup-port. 
Mr. Chair, we need to continue to fight to 
defend our environment, address climate change, and make real, meaningful impacts on reducing greenhouse gas emissions so we can protect our environment, our children and our future. 
Unfortunately, the bill before us does just 
the opposite. 
I hope that as this process moves forward, 
we can address the insufficient funding alloca-tions and backwards policy riders that would harm every American and put our precious en-vironment at risk. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment offered by my colleague that would, in essence, prohibit the EPA from spending any funds to ensure that states fulfill their obligations under the Clean Water Act to help clean up the Chesapeake Bay. If passed into law, this amendment would endanger the progress we have made in re-storing the Chesapeake Bay Watershed and would put in jeopardy not only the Chesa-peake Bay itself, but also critical economic contributions that the Bay provides. When I was in the Virginia House of Dele-
gates, I was part of a joint Virginia-Maryland legislative task force that first recommended the creation of a multi-state commission to ad-dress Bay issues. In our report filed in 1980, we recommended ‘‘the need for improved co-ordination of Bay-wide management to meet the long-term needs of the people of both Maryland and Virginia’’ and found that this was not an issue that Maryland and Virginia alone could solve. 
Cleaning up the Bay required the coopera-
tion of all states in the watershed. In 1983, Chesapeake Bay Watershed states signed the first Chesapeake Bay agreement to coordinate their efforts on this issue, and in 2010 the EPA set pollution limits to reduce pollution, nu-trients, and sediment flowing into the Bay. 
As a result of these efforts, the quality of the 
Chesapeake Bay has been significantly im-proved and states continue to invest millions of dollars in their Chesapeake Clean Water Blueprint Plans. Just yesterday, a unanimous decision was issued by the Third Circuit Court of Appeals affirming the authority of the EPA under the Clean Water Act to set limits on pol-lution in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed. In the decision, the Court wrote that cleaning up the Chesapeake Bay ‘‘will require sacrifice . . . but that is a consequence of the tremen-dous effort it will take to restore health to the bay.’’ 
I agree with the Court’s assessment: clean-
ing up the Bay will take tremendous efforts and coordination between all six states in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed and the District of Columbia, and participating states should have the certainty that other states can be trusted to fulfill their obligations to help clean up the Bay. 
I believe that instead of offering amend-
ments to undermine these efforts, we should be investing even more resources to ensure that they are successful. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LESLIE VELEZ AND 
DANIEL HENRY 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Leslie Velez and Daniel Henry for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as interns in my Washington, DC office for the Spring 2015 session of Congress. 
The work of this young man and woman 
has been exemplary and I know they both have bright futures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legisla-tive process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity to these two and look forward to seeing them build their careers in public service. 
Both of our interns have made plans to con-
tinue their work next year with various organi-zations in Washington. I am certain they will succeed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speak-er, it is an honor to recognize Leslie Velez and Daniel Henry for their service this spring. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY8.001 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1015 July 8, 2015 
DECADES OF COMPASSION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mrs. Avadele Short of Katy, Texas for receiving an Award of Distinction for her 34 years of dedicated service to the Memorial Hermann Katy Hospital. 
Mrs. Short and her husband were two of the 
founders of the Memorial Hermann Katy Vol-unteer Auxiliary when the hospital opened its doors in 1981. Since then, Mrs. Short has given more than 9,000 hours of her time to the Katy community and is the only remaining original member of the Auxiliary. With her help, the volunteer program has expanded from 45 original members to 145 members today. Now 91, Mrs. Short still volunteers twice a week and brings smiles to all the pa-tients and the entire hospital staff. Hospital staff and patients alike agree, it would not be the same place without her care and compas-sion. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Mrs. Avadele Short for more than three decades of volunteer service to the Memorial Hermann Katy Hospital. Thank you for all that you have done for our community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MADDY 
PETICOLAS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate my constituent, Maddy Peticolas of Godfrey, Illinois, on achieving the Congressional Award Silver Medal. 
The Congressional Award recognizes indi-
viduals for excellence in four areas: voluntary public service, personal development, physical fitness, and expedition. During her time at Principia High School, Maddy participated in a number of activities that helped to improve her community. 
Maddy spent over two hundred hours volun-
teering at a local day camp, staffing events and led hikes for children. She also grew in her faith of Christian Science by reading ‘‘Prose Works’’, written by Mary Baker Eddy, a founder of the Church of Christ, Scientist. Ad-ditionally, as a ukulele player, Maddy worked to improve her memorization and sight reading skills. 
She also spent many hours playing for her 
club soccer team, and began running to in-crease speed and confidence as a player. She climbed a 14,000 foot mountain and com-pleted a ropes course during her time on a yurt campground where she was also in charge of meals. 
In all these things, Maddy demonstrated de-
termination in improving both herself and her community. Whether it was through volun-teering, personal development, physical fit-ness, or expedition, Maddy impacted the lives of many and I am proud to represent individ-uals like her in my district. Congratulations on earning the Congres-
sional Award Silver Medal, Maddy. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOSE ´DUEN ˜AS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life of Mr. Jose ´Duen˜as, 
former President and CEO of the Alameda County Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. Known throughout the Bay Area as a fervent Latino community leader, Mr. Duen ˜as has left 
an undeniable mark on our community. With his passing on June 20, 2015, we look to honor the outstanding quality of his life’s work. 
Born in Mexico City, Mexico on February 
24, 1952, Mr. Duen ˜as was raised in Oakland, 
California where he graduated from Fremont High School. He later attended California State University, Hayward and St. Mary’s Col-lege of California. Upon receiving his Bach-elor’s Degree in Engineering, Mr. Duen ˜as 
went on to pursue a career in public service to develop and promote opportunities for the greater Bay Area community. 
During the earlier stages of his professional 
career, Mr. Duen ˜as’ determination and hard 
work led him to become a senior manager for the Port of Oakland, the fourth largest port in North America. Shortly after, he was chosen to lead the Bay Area World Trade Center as Chief Executive Officer where he coordinated trade missions to over 40 different countries. 
Afterwards, the Alameda County Hispanic 
Chamber of Commerce (ACHCC) hired Mr. Duen˜as to represent and provide assistance to 
over 18,000 Hispanic owned firms. As Presi-dent and Chief Executive Officer at ACHCC, he led the charge of building a sustainable economic and financial foundation for Latino businesses to grow and prosper in the Bay Area. During his tenure, he also helped create a Latino Political Action Committee to help promote Latino candidates and address key issues facing the Latino community and com-munities of color. 
Furthermore, Mr. Duen ˜as also ran his own 
company, Global 8 Partners, which focuses on international trade, government affairs and Hispanic business marketing. He is survived by his two children, Nicolas and Annalisa, three sisters and one brother. 
I will always remember Jose ´’s resiliency, his 
charisma, and passion for serving his commu-nity. Some of my most memorable moments with Jose ´were traveling to Mexico and Africa 
on the trade missions he helped organize. He truly understood the importance of inter-national trade to the Bay Area, and he shared his knowledge with policy makers and the pri-vate sector to help spur economic growth and create jobs. His larger than life spirit will live forever and will continue to give us hope for the future. I will be forever grateful for his wise counsel and friendship. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes an outstanding individual and leader, Mr. Jose ´Duen˜as. Mr. Duen ˜as’ con-
tributions have truly impacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area. I join all of Mr. Duen˜as’ loved ones in celebrating his incred-
ible life and offer my most sincere condo-lences. PEARLAND ISD SECONDARY 
TEACHER OF THE YEAR—MELIS-SA WARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Melissa Ward of Pearland’s Daw-son High School for being named Pearland Independent School District’s 2015 Secondary Teacher of the Year. 
Ms. Ward has always had a gift and talent 
for teaching. After receiving degrees in both sociology and psychology, she sought a ca-reer where she could help people and found a passion for teaching. In addition to her classroom excellence, Ms. Ward also coaches girls’ cross country, track and field, and bas-ketball. She often takes time out of her day to attend her students’ cheer, band, or sporting events. She has also implemented the Student Training in Teacher Leadership Program, which provides mentoring for students who are considering teaching for a career at Dawson High School. Her dedication to Dawson High School doesn’t stop. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Melissa Ward for winning the Pearland Independent School District’s 2015 Secondary Teacher of the Year Award. 
f 
HONORING THE COUNTY OF 
NAPA’S IF GIVEN A CHANCE PROGRAM 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the valuable and tremen-dous work of the Napa County organization, If Given A Chance. For two decades, this group has provided scholarships and resilient high school graduates to overcome extraordinary challenges and troubled pasts. 
Since 1995, the If Given A Chance program 
has provided young people that have faced tremendous difficulties the opportunity to con-tinue their education after high school and gain the work experience they need to suc-ceed. With support from local businesses and philanthropic organizations, the program awards more than $100,000 in scholarships, and graduates have gone on to get Masters and Ph.D. degrees at schools such as UCLA, UC Davis, and Stanford University. 
If Given A Chance has supported hundreds 
of Napa Valley students in their efforts to pur-sue college and vocational education. The re-markable young people that participate in If Given a Chance have overcome gang affili-ation, addiction, injury, abuse and disease, and this program provides them the oppor-tunity to make a better life for themselves and their families. If Given A Chance is a testa-ment to the significant and positive impact young people can have on their communities, and a true demonstration of the qualities that make our country great. 
Many have worked tirelessly to ensure the 
success of If Given A Chance, and none 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JY8.005 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1016 July 8, 2015 
more-so than Jim King, the program’s founder. 
His legacy continues, and the board of direc-tors has continued the tradition of exceptional work in support of Napa County’s youth. 
Mr. Speaker, If Given A Chance has helped 
to engage and support so many students in the Napa community. I celebrate them for de-voting themselves to the success of the next generation and wish them good fortune in their next twenty years of service. 
f 
HONORING SCENTSABILITY MICRO- 
ENTERPRISE, INC. 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of ScentsAbility Micro-Enterprise, Inc. as they are awarded the Platinum Business Award at this year’s Connections luncheon, an annual awards ceremony sponsored by Ca-reer Source Broward and Palm Beach Coun-ties. This award, presented by the South Flor-ida Business Leadership Network, recognizes employers for disability-friendly practices and their commitment to training disabled Florid-ians for employment opportunities. 
ScentsAbility has made it its mission to do 
exactly that. Under the guidance of ScentsAbility employees, disabled Floridians craft and sell homemade candles as well as learn important vocational and leadership skills that will allow them to succeed in a variety of workplace settings. ScentsAbility’s care and commitment to this work has enabled count-less Americans with special needs to live inde-pendently and with confidence. Too often, Americans with intellectual and physical dis-abilities are unable to find meaningful employ-ment and earn a living. As a nation, it is im-portant we recognize and enable organiza-tions, such as ScentsAbility, that raise aware-ness of these critical issues and prioritize the diverse needs of our community. 
It is with great pleasure that I honor 
ScentsAbility and its director, Ms. Bonnie Schmidt. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE GREATER 
TOMBALL AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
today to honor the 50th anniversary of The Greater Tomball Area Chamber of Commerce of Tomball, Texas. 
There is no doubt that the Tomball area is 
experiencing exciting economic growth. The area, once known for agriculture, oil, and the railroad is now a bustling corridor home to tech start-ups and manufacturing firms. Throughout this growth, one thing has stayed constant—the Greater Tomball Area Chamber of Commerce’s small town friendliness. 
Although the Chamber was not formally in-
corporated until 1965, it was first organized in the 1920s when a group of local businessmen identifying themselves as the chamber sent a telegram to a Marshall, Texas doctor to entice 
him to move to the area. 
Built upon a mission to provide resources 
and foster relationships that empower busi-nesses to prosper, the Greater Tomball Area Chamber of Commerce is truly the model of excellence for all Chambers. 
The Tomball Chamber’s great success is 
due in no small part to the local business leaders who over the years have worked so hard to make Tomball the great community it is today. 
Those men and women have been sup-
ported by a tremendous group of Chamber ex-ecutives including Pete Still, Doris Johnson, Diane Holland and Bruce Hillegeist. 
I had the privilege of working firsthand with 
Diane and Bruce as a chamber executive my-self in nearby Montgomery County. Diane not only led the Tomball Chamber for 20 years but was the first woman to hold the post of Chair-man of the Board of the Texas Chamber of Commerce Executives. Bruce, who currently serves as the Tomball Chamber’s President, held that same post in 2010 and is widely re-spected for his vision, energy, and leadership. 
Continually advocating on behalf of its mem-
bers, the Chamber was a driving force in the creation of the Tomball Tollway which has brought much needed relief from congested roadways. 
Additionally, the Chamber was a key player 
in bringing the community college to the Tomball community. Now known as Lone Star College—Tomball, the college has become an integral part of the Tomball economic infra-structure with an enrollment of over 12,000 students. 
Today, I want all of America to join with us 
in celebrating 50 years of excellence. I cannot wait to see what the future holds for the Greater Tomball Area Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
PEARLAND ISD ELEMENTARY 
SCHOOL TEACHER OF THE YEAR—TAMMY NORMAN 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Tammy Norman of Pearland’s Rogers Middle School for being named Pearland Independent School District’s 2015 Elementary Teacher of the Year. 
Throughout her childhood, Ms. Norman was 
inspired and encouraged by her teachers. Today, she strives to have the same effect on her students by helping them grow academi-cally and being a positive influence. Ms. Nor-man creates an engaging learning environ-ment by supplementing her lessons with tech-nology, humor, and fun activities. Ms. Norman is truly making a lasting impact on the lives of her students. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ms. Norman for being named Pearland ISD’s 2015 Elementary Teacher of the Year. ANTHONY JOSEPH NARUTOWICZ 
HON. C. A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
before you today to honor the life and legacy of Anthony Joseph ‘‘Tony’’ Narutowicz, a local business owner, U.S. veteran and active com-munity leader, who passed on October 14, 2014, at the age of 81. 
A life-long resident of Baltimore County, Mr. 
Narutowicz attended Saint Joseph Academy in McSherrystown, Pennsylvania, Leonard Hall Academy in Leonardtown, Maryland, and Mount Saint Joseph High School in Baltimore. He served in the U.S. Merchant Marines for two years before joining the Army for another two years during the Korean War as a cor-poral. 
Mr. Narutowicz worked several jobs before 
landing in the family business, a tavern and package store called Mickey’s of Edgemere, in 1963. He was eventually named president of the company and managed it until his retire-ment in 2001. Among his many claims to fame, he once successfully fought two armed robbers outside a local bank. 
An extremely active and loyal Democratic 
leader, Mr. Narutowicz was a founding mem-ber of the Baltimore County Seal Democratic Club, serving several terms as president. He also served on the Democratic State Central Committee from 1991 to 1998 in addition to launching his own bid for the Maryland House of Delegates. 
A prominent business owner, Mr. 
Narutowicz sat on the Board of Directors at Bay-Vanguard Federal Savings and Loans for 25 years. He also donated time as a member of the Edgemere-Millers Island Businessmen’s Association for a decade. 
Giving back to his community was always a 
top priority for Mr. Narutowicz. An active pa-rishioner at St. Luke Catholic Church, he was an avid supporter of church and community programs that benefitted children and worked for many years as treasurer of a charity golf tournament to provide scholarships for local high school students. He was also a member of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows North Point Lodge 4, an organization that op-erates under the principles of friendship, love and truth. 
A dedicated family man, he was married to 
Verna Moore Narutowicz for an incredible 53 years. Together, the couple had four daugh-ters, seven grandchildren and one great- grandchild. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join with me 
today to honor the life and memory of Mr. Tony Narutowicz. He was a valued member of the Baltimore County Community who will be sorely missed but never forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WARREN E. MOTTS 
AND THE MOTTS MILITARY MU-SEUM 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Warren E. Motts, the founder of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JY8.009 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1017 July 8, 2015 
Motts Military Museum in Ohio. As a Colonel 
in the Ohio National Guard, I truly appreciate all that Warren has done to make the museum into what it is today. 
In 1987, Groveport, Ohio native Warren 
Motts established the military museum in his family’s residence in order to preserve the his-tory of our armed forces. As new exhibits were added, the museum was later moved to a larger facility on nearly four acres of land. 
After moving, the museum began receiving 
large donations from military families, which allowed for the acquisition of military vehicles, aircraft, and a World War II boat. In 2001, the museum had the funds to break ground on a new wing to add even more military artifacts. The new wing of the museum was completed in 2006 and items are still being added to this section of the museum. 
Today, the Motts Military Museum has ex-
hibits for the Revolutionary War, the Civil War, World War I, World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, and Desert Storm. The mu-seum also has some historical NASA artifacts, medals, and a POW exhibit. 
It is a testament to Warren Motts’ dedication 
that The Motts Military Museum has grown into an incredible facility for people all over Ohio to learn about the rich history of Amer-ica’s armed services. I thank Warren for all of his tremendous work in establishing this mu-seum and ensuring it will continue to grow well into the future for our community and visitors to enjoy. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE RAIN-
WATER FAMILY AND THE CITY OF CARROLLTON FOR RAIN-WATER LANE 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of the city of Carrollton, Texas, located in my Congressional district, for re-naming Jamestown Lane to Rainwater Lane in commemoration of the Rainwater family, who have resided in the area since 1855. This change, proposed April 7th, was approved by the city council on May 5th, and put into effect May 6th. 
The Rainwaters are one of the oldest fami-
lies in Carrollton, having lived there for over 150 years. Carrollton has a history of honoring important residents and families with street names, and continues that tradition with Rain-water Lane. The Rainwaters even worked on the plot of land where Carrollton City Hall is currently placed. It is a long deserved honor to name a street after one of the great Carrollton families. The newly renamed Rainwater Lane is located behind Carrollton City Hall right in the heart of Carrollton. As Carrollton mayor Matthew Marchant said on the subject, ‘‘The Rainwater family is a very key part of the his-tory of the city of Carrollton and your legacy continues, even through today.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring the Rainwater family and the city of Carrollton on this commemoration. PEARLAND ISD HIGH PRINCIPAL 
OF THE YEAR—DR. JENNIFER MORROW 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dr. Jennifer Morrow of Pearland’s Turner College and Career High School for being named Pearland Independent School District’s 2015 Elementary and Secondary Principal of the Year. 
Dr. Morrow has been working as principal at 
Turner College and Career High School since 2012. She has helped create educational pro-grams that allow students to earn associates degrees while becoming career certified. These higher learning programs fill an impor-tant role in ensuring our communities have well trained employees to meet specific indus-try needs. Dr. Morrow shows the innovation and leadership that is deserving of this pres-tigious award. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dr. Jennifer Morrow for being named Pearland ISD’s Secondary Principal of the Year. 
f 
HONORING CARLI LLOYD OF 
DELRAN 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to acknowledge the outstanding performance and ultimate victory of the United States Wom-en’s National Team during the FIFA Women’s World Cup. 
On July 5, 2015, the women representing 
the United States of America soared to victory over Japan in the final game of the Women’s World Cup. I would like to recognize the entire 
team for representing our country with a sweeping and courageous win. 
I would like to congratulate Carli Lloyd, who 
grew up in Delran, New Jersey, for a truly he-roic performance and the ultimate representa-tion of her hometown in New Jersey’s third Congressional district. Ms. Lloyd’s brilliant play in the Women’s World Cup concluded with the first hat trick in WWC Final history. Not only did Ms. Lloyd win the Golden Ball Award, but she inspired our country with her passion, leadership and fearless execution that led the United States Women’s National Team to be-come the first team to win three FIFA Wom-en’s World Cup titles. 
Carli Lloyd continues to represent New Jer-
sey’s third Congressional District with honor and distinction and I am proud to represent her in Congress. TRIBUTE TO PATRICK 
GULBRANSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Patrick Gulbranson of Stuart, Iowa, as he has been named to Special Olympics Team USA and will represent the United States at the 2015 Special Olympics World Summer Games in Los Angeles, California. 
The 2015 World Games, which will take 
place July 25th through August 2nd marks the 14th Special Olympics World Summer Games. Every two years, the world comes together for this event, a flagship event of the Special Olympics movement, which promotes equality, tolerance and acceptance through the power and joy of sport. This prominent world stage brings attention to the Special Olympics move-ment and the abilities of people with intellec-tual disabilities. Currently, more than 4.4 mil-lion Special Olympics athletes train and com-pete year-round in 170 nations across the globe. 
Patrick is one among a 491-member dele-
gation representing the United States in com-petition in 17 different sports. After earning a gold medal at the 2013 Special Olympics Iowa State Bowling Tournament, Patrick qualified to apply for his spot on Special Olympics Team USA bowling. 
I commend Patrick for his dedication to the 
sport and I know that my colleagues in the United States Congress will join me in con-gratulating him for qualifying to represent the Special Olympics Team USA at this year’s World Summer Games. It is an honor to serve Iowans like Patrick, and I wish him the best of luck at the 2015 Special Olympics World Sum-mer Games and in all his future endeavors. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 45TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF PRESIDENT RICH-ARD M. NIXON’S SPECIAL MES-SAGE TO CONGRESS ON INDIAN AFFAIRS 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-
memorate the 45th anniversary of President Richard M. Nixon’s Special Message to Con-gress on Indian Affairs. 
For nearly two hundred years, Federal In-
dian policy has veered from one failed policy to another. Past policies have included treaty- making, outright war and hostilities, land allot-ment, assimilation, and termination. On July 8, 1970, President Richard M. Nixon issued his Special Message to Congress on Indian Af-fairs. In the message, he acknowledged that the state of Federal Indian policy was wholly inadequate. President Nixon noted that the In-dians were the most deprived group of Ameri-cans, ranking at the bottom of nearly every economic and social measurement. He related that, despite inconsistent and often hostile Federal treatment, the story of the American Indian was one of great struggle, but ulti-mately overcoming overwhelming challenges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JY8.014 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1018 July 8, 2015 
He highlighted the long history of cultural con-
tributions to American society which have be-come part of the American experience and spirit. He also noted the ‘‘record of enormous contributions Indians have made to this coun-try, its art and culture, its strength and spirit, its sense of history, and its sense of purpose.’’ 
The President’s Special Message was of 
particular importance because it called on Congress to repudiate and repeal the termi-nation policy expressed in House Concurrent Resolution 108, and instead he promoted a policy that would allow Indian tribes to become part of the American fabric and participate in their communities across this great nation, at every level. 
The President’s message represented a fun-
damental change to how the United States en-gages Indian tribal governments and their peo-ple, proclaiming ‘‘the time has come to break decisively with the past and to create the con-ditions for a new era in which the Indian future is determined by Indian acts and Indian deci-sions.’’ Since then, the United States Indian policy has become one of Indian Self-Deter-mination, without Termination. 
Congress responded to the Nixon Adminis-
tration’s initiative in 1975, by passing the In-dian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act, paving the way for the enactment in 1988 of the Tribal Self-Governance Program. As a result of these enactments, Indian tribes currently manage and administer one-half of all programs and services offered by the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and Indian Health Serv-ice. 
In an effort to further develop a relationship 
of trust and confidence between the Federal government and Indian people, the President endorsed legislation to restore the Blue Lake lands to the Taos Pueblo Indians. Previously, the United States had appropriated the land for the purposes of creating a national forest. The Pueblo held the land sacred and nec-essary to express their religious faith. The message also proposed reforms to Indian edu-cation, encouraged investment, economic de-velopment and job creation in tribal commu-nities, called for liberalizing land leases, and increasing support for Indian health. 
Since then, Congress and the Executive 
Branch have collaborated to enact and imple-ment statutes to improve Indian education, 
health, housing, sacred site protection, energy and economic development, and international trade and tourism. Every President since Nixon has embraced and implemented the policy of Indian Self-Determination. This policy is supported by the twin pillars of strong tribal governments and vigorous tribal economies, and continues to be the most successful In-dian doctrine to date. 
Mr. Speaker, I come before you now to 
commemorate President Richard M. Nixon’s Special Message to Congress on Indian Af-fairs, affirm its support for the enduring truths contained therein, and call for the policy of In-dian Self-Determination to be expanded and strengthened by this and future Congresses and Presidents. ONE MILLION CHILDREN FED 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Lunches of Love for serving its one millionth free lunch to the children of the Fort Bend County community. 
Lunches of Love has been serving Fort 
Bend County since 2012 by providing nutri-tious lunches for children in need. On June 23, the organization handed out their millionth sack lunch and moved one step closer to end-ing childhood hunger. We are extremely proud of Lunches of Love’s dedication to our children and are grateful for every volunteer who has helped them reach this milestone. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, thank you again to Lunches of Love for serving the children of Fort Bend County and helping to eradicate childhood hunger. 
f 
HONORING THE ST. HELENA 
NATIVE SONS HALL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the St. Helena chapter of Native Sons of the Golden West, Parlor 53, on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of its meeting hall. 
First opened on June 25, 1915, the St. Hel-
ena Native Sons Hall has hosted events and gatherings of all kinds and served as a valu-able meeting space for the local community. 
Concerts, funerals, weddings, and auctions have been held within its walls. Once an old dance hall, the building was moved to its cur-rent location on Spring Street in St. Helena in 1915. A century later, the hall remains a cor-nerstone of the St. Helena community. 
Founded in 1875, the Native Sons of the 
Golden West is one of the oldest fraternal service organizations in California. The organi-zation was initially established to preserve the state’s early history, including the events of the Gold Rush. Today, the Native Sons serve as a charitable organization and work to pur-chase, rehabilitate, and restore monuments from California’s pioneer days. Sutter’s Fort, the Franciscan Missions, and the Monterey Custom House were all preserved thanks to efforts of the Native Sons of the Golden West. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct pleasure to 
recognize the St. Helena chapter of the Native Sons of the Golden West for the 100th anni-versary of its hall, and for many years of dedi-cation to the local community. I wish them all the best on this historical occasion, and look forward to another century of service and cele-bration. HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM 
‘‘BILL’’ ALFRED KINDRICKS 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my 
colleagues, Congressmembers A NNA ESHOO  
and M IKEHONDA , in memory of William ‘‘Bill’’ 
Alfred Kindricks, who passed away on June 8, 2015. Bill was a leader in our community both in his public work with San Francisco BART and Santa Clara Valley Transit Authority, and in his private life as an integral member of his church and mentor within the black community in Santa Clara County. 
Bill Kindricks, born the youngest of four sib-
lings on July 24, 1946, on the campus of Tuskegee University to Lewis and Salena Kindricks, grew up in Opelika, Alabama. He graduated from Alabama A&M University and the University of Virginia, Darden Graduate School of Business, and played professional football with the Cincinnati Bengals and Oak-land Raiders. 
For most of his life, Bill resided and was an 
active member of his community in San Jose. A devout man, Bill was baptized and attended church weekly throughout his life. During his career, Bill worked for General Motors and San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) and retired from the Santa Clara County Val-ley Transit Authority (VTA) after 23 years of dedicated service. 
Until his passing, Bill was a nurturing, sup-
portive leader and mentor in the 100 Black Men of America, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., National Forum Black Public Administra-tors, Black Leadership Kitchen Cabinet of Santa Clara County, and NAACP, among oth-ers. As the President of the Silicon Valley Chapter of 100 Black Men of America, Bill contributed to the development of hundreds of young adults. Compassionate and generous with his time, Bill was always available to self-lessly help those in need. 
Bill was a genuinely good human being. He 
bettered the lives of others with his magnani-mous presence and spirit. Many loved and re-spected Bill, and his passing is mourned and deeply felt among those whose lives he has touched. Together with my colleagues, I want to express my sincerest condolences to Bill’s family and fellow church members. Our hearts are with them in this time of sorrow. Along with Bill’s family, friends, former colleagues and our community, we will miss him. We have been lucky to have him. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,950,433,860.76. We’ve 
added $7,525,073,384,947.68 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JY8.019 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1019 July 8, 2015 
have avoided with a balanced budget amend-
ment. 
f 
HONORING BRUNO SCHUSTEK 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the dedication of the Schustek Pond in the Village of Willowbrook, Illinois. 
On July 6, 1930, the wealthy heiress Mary 
‘‘Merry’’ Fahrney decided to try her hand at skydiving for the first time without any prior training or a qualified instructor to assist her. Upon exiting the airplane her parachute be-came entangled on the plane’s wing, leaving her helplessly suspended hundreds of feet above the ground for over two hours. Charles Geiger and Bruno Schustek witnessed Fahrney’s predicament from the ground and decided to assist her. When he reached Farhney’s plane, Schustek climbed out of his own airplane, down a rope, and onto the wing of her aircraft freeing her parachute and allow-ing Merry to glide safely to the ground. Unfor-tunately, Schustek was unable to climb back into his plane and fell to his death. 
Eighty-five years to the day after Bruno 
Schustek’s death, the North American Spine Society unveiled a new plaque in his honor. Decades after his heroic act, Schustek’s mem-ory lives on thanks to Maria R. Traska, Joseph Kubal and Keith Yearman, amateur historians who discovered and publicized Schustek’s story. With the dedication of the Schustek Pond, his selfless actions will continue to in-spire and remind us of his sacrifice. 
f 
PEARLAND ISD PRINCIPAL OF THE 
YEAR—SHARON BRADLEY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Sharon Bradley of Pearland’s Jamison Middle School for being named Pearland Independent School District’s 2015 Elementary and Secondary Principal of the Year. 
Ms. Bradley has served as principle of 
Jamison Middle School for ten years. Pre-viously, she taught multiple different grade lev-els including as a junior high assistant prin-cipal. She developed a passion for helping to guide her students into becoming strong lead-ers through the school system. Ms. Bradley has demonstrated great leadership and dedi-cation to her students and colleagues. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sharon Bradley for winning the Pearland Independent School District’s 2015 Elementary and Secondary Principal of the Year Award. CELEBRATING STEFAN 
ROZENFELD 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, on July 12, 
1940, six-year-old Stefan Rozenfeld arrived on the shores of the United States of America with his mother and father, after a long and perilous journey from Poland. This week, he will celebrate the 75th anniversary of his ar-rival. 
His journey, albeit encompassing a narrative 
far too familiar for many American Jews, rep-resents a remarkable story of survival and courage. 
When they fled their native Poland in Janu-
ary 1940, Stefan Rozenfeld and his mother escaped certain death at the hands of the Nazis. Only weeks after they departed their home in Lodz, the Jews of Lodz were rounded up and crammed into a ghetto that served as a staging ground for deportations to Nazi ex-termination camps. The Rozenfelds made their way to Belgium, where they reunited with Ste-fan’s father and secured American immigration visas. However, unable to obtain passage to the United States before the Nazi invasion of Belgium in May 1940, they narrowly evaded the Nazis once again, securing safety in France. But when France capitulated to the Nazis in June, 1940, the Rozenfelds were trapped. Denied entrance to their last two re-maining hopes, Portugal and Spain, vulnerable and without anywhere else to turn, Stefan and his family seemed destined to fall into the Nazis’ murderous hands. 
Portugal, neutral throughout World War II, 
had closed its borders to Jewish refugees. It was only the actions taken by an exceedingly courageous diplomat, Aristides de Sousa Mendes, the Portuguese consul in Bordeaux, which permitted the Rozenfelds, along with tens of thousands of other refugees, to suc-cessfully flee the Nazis. Despite a government directive strictly prohibiting the issuing of visas to Jews, Sousa Mendes instructed his vice- consuls to issue Portuguese visas to anyone who petitioned for one, regardless of nation-ality or religion. Yet, in saving as many as 30,000 lives, Sousa Mendes sacrificed his own career and livelihood. Put on trial by the Portuguese government, the formerly high- ranking diplomat was convicted and forced into retirement, tarnishing his reputation and leaving him impoverished. 
While Sousa Mendes was unjustly 
blacklisted and punished, the Rozenfelds were able to escape to Portugal and then to the United States, where they landed in Hoboken, New Jersey on July 12, 1940. Settling in Queens, New York, Stefan’s father started a company that dubbed and translated foreign films for American audiences. The company became an important component of the Amer-ican film industry, most notably dubbing the Vittorio De Sica film, ‘‘Two Women,’’ which starred Sophia Loren. After graduating from Stuyvesant High School in downtown Manhat-tan and Perdue University in Indiana, Stefan joined his father’s company. In 1958, he mar-ried Linda Schoengold, a childhood friend he had known since he was eight years old and with whom he had four children: Julie, Laurie, Paul, and Leah. After raising the children in New Rochelle, where Linda volunteered in the 
community and worked to encourage voter participation, Stefan and Linda today live in active retirement, yet make sure to return every summer to Pine Lake Park, where they first met. Stefan maintains his lifelong passion for classical music through his extensive col-lection of recordings and the series of con-certs he and Linda host for friends. Despite having faced incredible adversity, the Rozenfeld family, with the help of the heroic Aristides de Sousa Mendes, survived and managed to thrive, embodying the very ethos of the American dream. 
After Aristides de Sousa Mendes died in 
disgrace in 1954, his name was largely forgot-ten. Many of the refugees whose lives he had singlehandedly saved were scattered around the world. Yet after decades of hard work by his children, and with support from Congress, the Portuguese diplomat eventually came to be known internationally as a hero. Named by Israel in 1966 as Righteous Among the Na-tions, he would later be honored in his native Portugal, where Portugal’s president Mario Soares declared him ‘‘Portugal’s greatest hero of the twentieth century.’’ In 2004, after rep-arations were paid to his family and his name restored, celebrations were held in over thirty nations to commemorate Sousa Mendes on the fiftieth anniversary of his death. 
Aristides de Sousa Mendes recorded the 
names and visa numbers of the individuals he granted visas to in a ledger book which now lies in the Portuguese Foreign Ministry in Lis-bon. I recently viewed images of Sousa Mendes’ list, and, although to some it may ap-pear only as names and numbers, to me it represents promise and hope for the Jewish people and the heroism of one exceptionally brave man. 
The story of the Rozenfelds’ flight from Nazi 
persecution, the righteous actions taken by Aristides de Sousa Mendes, and the Rozenfelds’ successful passage and settle-ment in America is important to recognize. I am deeply grateful for Sousa Mendes and his actions, which allowed Stefan and thousands of other refugees to escape the evils of the Nazis and live a life of freedom and promise. I am pleased to be able to share the story of the Rozenfelds’ perseverance and courage, of Sousa Mendes’ heroic actions, of a case of the United States fulfilling its role as a haven, affording refugees welcome and freedom, and of the refugees contributing their energy and industry to the United States, with the House of Representatives today. 
I wish Stefan Rozenfeld and his family well 
as they celebrate this historic anniversary. 
f 
HONORING JAMES MONDO 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate James Mondo of Ridge, New York who turned 100 years old on July 4, 2015. 
James, who is commonly known as Jack 
but more affectionately known as ‘‘pop’’, was born in Brooklyn, New York. The youngest child of Italian Immigrants, Francis and Clara, James grew up with seven siblings. In 1933, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JY8.023 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1020 July 8, 2015 
he married Anna Brillante, and together the 
couple had twin girls Clara and Marie, and a son Francis. He served in the U.S. Army dur-ing World War II, as a part of Delta Com-pany’s 25th tank division in Germany from 1945 to 1946. 
Following the war, James and Anna moved 
the family to Mineola, New York where he drove trucks for the National Biscuit Company for 30 years before retiring in 1978. He contin-ued to serve his community as an American Legion Post chaplain for over 20 years and by becoming a fourth degree knight in the Knights of Columbus. A die hard Yankee fan, he had witnessed all 40 of their American League pennants and 27 World Champions and still cheers the team on today. James and Anna settled down in Ridge, New York, where they have resided to this day and enjoy seeing their 8 grandchildren, and 12 great grand-children. 
James is truly an exceptional man and I join 
with his friends and family in celebrating this wonderful milestone. I wish him good health and continued success in the coming years. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
July 9, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 14 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of General Paul J. Selva, USAF, to be Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and General Darren W. McDew, USAF, to be commander of the 
U.S. Transportation Command. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Space, Science, and 
Competitiveness 
To hold hearings to examine unlocking 
the cures for America’s most deadly diseases. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
islanded energy systems, focusing on energy and infrastructure challenges and opportunities in Alaska, Hawaii and the United States Territories. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine challenges 
and opportunities for small businesses engaged in energy development and en-ergy intensive manufacturing. 
SR–428A 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
JULY 15 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investiga-tion Board for a term of five years, and Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Trans-portation. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Con-
sumer Financial Protection Bureau’s semi-annual report to Congress. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the maritime border. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
juvenile justice in Indian Country, fo-cusing on challenges and promising 
strategies. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security 
To hold hearings to examine the govern-
ance and integrity of international soc-cer. 
SR–253 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine what lower 
labor force participation rates tell us about work opportunities and incen-tives. 
SD–562 
JULY 16 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the Office of 
Information and Regulatory Affairs’s role in the regulatory process. 
SD–342 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
2:45 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 132, to 
improve timber management on Or-egon and California Railroad and Coos Bay Wagon Road grant land, S. 326, to amend the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 to provide cancellation ceilings for stewardship end result con-tracting projects, and S. 1691, to expe-dite and prioritize forest management activities to achieve ecosystem res-toration objectives. 
SD–366 
AUGUST 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-
lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jul 09, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JY8.026 E08JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D790 Wednesday, July 8, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4805–S4899 
Measures Introduced: Eight bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1715–1722, and S. Res. 217–218.
                                               Pages S4840–41 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-
tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals from the Concurrent resolution for Fiscal Year 2016’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–78)
                                                   Page S4840 
Measures Passed: 
First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office: 
Senate passed H.R. 728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Ser-geant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Of-fice.’’
                                                                                 Page S4894 
Floresville Veterans Post Office: Senate passed 
H.R. 891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’.
                                                       Page S4894 
First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office: Sen-
ate passed H.R. 1326, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’.
         Page S4894 
Herman Badillo Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 
1350, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Of-fice Building’’.
                                                             Page S4894 
His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama 80th Birth-
day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged 
from further consideration of S. Res. 200, wishing His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama a happy 80th birthday on July 6, 2015, and recognizing the out-standing contributions His Holiness has made to the promotion of nonviolence, human rights, interfaith dialogue, environmental awareness, and democracy, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S4894 U.S. Women’s National Team 2015 FIFA World 
Cup: Senate agreed to S. Res. 218, congratulating 
the United States Women’s National Team for win-ning the 2015 FIFA World Cup.
             Pages S4894–95 
Measures Considered: 
Every Child Achieves Act—Agreement: Senate 
continued consideration of S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, taking ac-tion on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S4806–16, S4816–31 
Adopted: By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 222), 
Murray (for Reed/Cochran) Amendment No. 2085 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding school librarians and effective school library pro-grams.
                                                              Pages S4806, S4816 
Murray (for Warner) Amendment No. 2086 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to enable the use of certain State and local administrative funds for fiscal support teams.
                                                               Pages S4806, S4816 
Alexander (for Rounds/Udall) Amendment No. 
2078 (to Amendment No. 2089), to require the Sec-retary of Education and the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study regarding elementary and sec-ondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian country.
                                                           Pages S4806, S4816 
By 56 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 224), Murray 
(for Tester) Amendment No. 2107 (to Amendment No. 2089), to restore sections of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
                                                                      Pages S4827, S4830–31 
Murray/Mikulski Amendment No. 2124 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to require schools to collect and report data on interscholastic sports. 
                                                                            Pages S4827, S4831 
Murray (for Bennet) Amendment No. 2115 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to provide for a study on increasing the effectiveness of existing services and programs intended to benefit children. 
                                                                            Pages S4828, S4831 
Rejected: By 47 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 223), Murray 
(for Hirono/Heller) Amendment No. 2109 (to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D791 July 8, 2015 
Amendment No. 2089), to amend section 
1111(b)(2)(B)(xi) to provide for additional disaggregation for local educational agencies with a total of not less than 1,000 Asian and Native Ha-waiian or Pacific Islander students.
   Pages S4827, S4830 
By 45 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 225), Alexander 
Amendment No. 2139 (to Amendment No. 2089), to allow States to let Federal funds for the education of disadvantaged children follow low-income chil-dren to the accredited or otherwise State-approved public school, private school, or supplemental edu-cational services program they attend. (A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirma-tive votes, was not agreed to.)
             Pages S4827, S4831 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S4806 
Alexander (for Fischer) Amendment No. 2079 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to ensure local governance of education.
                                                                 Page S4806 
Murray (for Peters) Amendment No. 2095 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to allow local educational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy activities.
                            Page S4806 
Toomey Amendment No. 2094 (to Amendment 
No. 2089), to protect our children from convicted pedophiles, child molesters, and other sex offenders infiltrating our schools and from schools ‘‘passing the trash’’—helping pedophiles obtain jobs at other schools.
                                                                            Page S4806 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, July, 9, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S4895 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Anthony G. Collins, of New York, to be a Mem-
ber of the Advisory Board of the Saint Lawrence Sea-way Development Corporation. 
Brad R. Carson, of Oklahoma, to be Under Sec-
retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. 
Mari Carmen Aponte, of the District of Columbia, 
to be Permanent Representative of the United States of America to the Organization of American States, with the rank of Ambassador. 
Peter William Bodde, of Maryland, to be Ambas-
sador to Libya. 
Catherine Ebert-Gray, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Independent State of Papua New Guin-ea, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Solomon Islands and Ambassador to the Republic of Vanuatu. 
Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Guinea. G. Kathleen Hill, of Colorado, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Malta. 
Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Tajikistan. 
Mark Philip Cohen, of Maryland, to be a Member 
of the Merit Systems Protection Board for the term of seven years expiring March 1, 2021. 
Routine lists in the Army, Coast Guard, Foreign 
Service, and Navy.
                                             Pages S4896–99 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S4899 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4839 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4839 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S4839 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4839–40 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4841–43 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4843–44 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4837–38 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4844–94 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4894 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4894 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. 
(Total—225)                                            Pages S4816, S4830–31 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:18 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, July 9, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4895.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
THE ROLE OF THE FINANCIAL STABILITY 
BOARD IN THE UNITED STATES REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the role of the Financial Stability Board in the United States regulatory framework, including S. 1484, a bill to improve accountability and transparency in the United States financial regulatory system, protect ac-cess to credit for consumers, provide sensible relief to financial institutions, after receiving testimony from former Senator Dirk Kempthorne, American Council of Life Insurers, Eugene Scalia, Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher LLP, Paul Schott Stevens, In-vestment Company Institute, Peter J. Wallison, American Enterprise Institute, and Adam S. Posen, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D792 July 8, 2015 
Peterson Institute for International Economics, all of 
Washington, D.C. 
PRESIDENT’S INTERNATIONAL CLIMATE 
AGENDA 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the Presi-dent’s international climate agenda and implications for domestic environmental policy, after receiving testimony from Jeffrey R. Holmstead, Bracewell and Giuliani, Karl Hausker, World Resources Institute Climate Program, and Sarah O. Ladislaw, Center for Strategic and International Studies Energy and Na-tional Security Program, all of Washington, D.C.; David Bookbinder, Element VI Consulting, Middle-burg, Virginia; and Jeremy Rabkin, George Mason University School of Law, Arlington, Virginia. 
SOUTH CHINA SEA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on Department of Defense maritime activities and engagement in the South China Sea from Daniel R. Russel, Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs; and David B. Shear, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs. 
STOPPING AN AVIAN INFLUENZA THREAT 
TO ANIMAL AND PUBLIC HEALTH 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
stopping an avian influenza threat to animal and public health, after receiving testimony from John Clifford, Deputy Administrator, Veterinary Services, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture; Anne Schuchat, Director, Na-tional Center for Immunization and Respiratory Dis-eases, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services; Chris 
Currie, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office; Jack Gelb, Jr., University of Delaware Avian Biosciences Center, Newark; and Scott Schneider, Nature Link Farm, Jefferson, Wisconsin, on behalf of the Wisconsin Poultry and Egg Industries Association. 
TRUST MODERNIZATION AND REFORM 
FOR INDIAN LANDS OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine trust modernization and reform for Indian lands, after receiving testi-
mony from Kevin Washburn, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs; Ernest L. Stensgar, Coeur d’Alene Tribe, Plummer, Idaho, on behalf of the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians; and Brenda Lintinger, Tunica-Biloxi Tribe, Marksville, Louisiana, on behalf of United South and Eastern Tribes, Inc. 
ENCRYPTION, TECHNOLOGY, AND PUBLIC 
SAFETY AND PRIVACY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine going dark, focusing on encryption, technology, and the balance between public safety and privacy, after receiving testimony from Sally Quillian Yates, Deputy Attorney General, and James B. Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, both of the Department of Justice; Cyrus R. Vance, Jr., New York County District Attorney, New York, New York; Herbert Lin, Stanford Uni-versity Center for International Security and Co-operation, Stanford, California; and Peter Swire, Georgia Institute of Technology Scheller College of Business, Atlanta. 
CYBER CRIME 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime 
and Terrorism concluded a hearing to examine cyber crime, focusing on modernizing our legal framework for the information age, after receiving testimony from David M. Bitkower, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, Department of Justice; Wm. Douglas Johnson, American Bankers Associa-tion, and Bill Wright, Symantec Corporation, both of Washington, D.C.; and Jen Ellis, Rapid7, Boston, Massachusetts. 
COUNTERTERRORISM AND 
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine counterterrorism, counterintel-ligence, and the challenges of ‘‘Going Dark’’, after receiving testimony from James B. Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Jus-tice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D793 July 8, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2962–2989; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 349, 351–353, were introduced.
     Pages H4954–56 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4957–58 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 350, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, develop-ment, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–193).
               Page H4954 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Holding to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4867 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:06 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H4874 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Shane Hall, First Southern Baptist Church, Del City, Oklahoma.
            Page H4874 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H4874, H4935 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The 
House continued consideration of H.R. 2822, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Consideration began on June 25th.
              Pages H4888–H4900, H4935–46 
Agreed to: 
Pearce amendment that was debated on July 7 
that prohibits the use of funds to increase the rate of any royalty required to be paid to the United States for oil and gas produced on Federal land, or to prepare or publish a proposed rule relating to such an increase (by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 198 noes, Roll No. 408);
                              Pages H4898–99 
Hardy amendment that was debated on July 7 
that prohibits the use of funds to make a Presi-
dential declaration by public proclamation of a na-tional monument under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code in the counties of Mohave and Cococino in the State of Arizona, in the counties of Modoc and Siskiyou in the State of California, in the counties of Chaffee, Moffat, and Park in the State of Colorado, in the counties of Lincoln, Clark, and Nye in the State of Nevada, in the county of Otero in the State of New Mexico, in the counties of Jackson, Josephine and Malheur in the State of Oregon, or in the counties of Wayne, Garfield, and Kane in the State of Utah (by a recorded vote of 222 ayes to 206 noes, Roll No. 409); and
                                       Page H4899 Buck amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to be used to pay the salaries and expenses of per-sonnel or any other entity to negotiate or conclude a settlement with the Federal Government that in-cludes terms requiring the defendant to donate or contribute funds to an organization or individual. 
                                                                                            Page H4937 
Rejected: 
Garamendi amendment that was debated on June 
25 that sought to reduce funding for the Bureau of Land Management by $4,010,000 and increase fund-ing for the US Fish and Wildlife Service by $3,902,000 (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 393);
                                        Pages H4888–89 
Capps amendment that was debated on June 25 
that sought to increase funding by offset, for Inland Oil Spill Programs, by $5,434,000 (by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 394); 
                                                                                            Page H4889 
Sablan amendment that was debated on June 25 
that sought to increase funding, by offset, for Insular Affairs by $5,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 395);
              Pages H4889–90 
Castor (FL) amendment that was debated on June 
25 that sought to redirect funding within Environ-mental Programs and Management, by $1,913,000 (by a recorded vote of 188 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 396);
                                                               Pages H4890–91 
Grijalva amendment that was debated on July 7 
that sought to strike section 423, relating to stream buffers (by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 397);
                                                            Page H4891 
Tsongas amendment that was debated on July 7 
that sought to strike section 425, relating to the limitation on the use of funds for National Ocean Policy (by a recorded vote of 191 ayes to 238 noes, Roll No. 398);
                                                    Pages H4891–92 
Grijalva amendment that was debated on July 7 
that sought to strike section 433, relating to the 
availability of vacant grazing allotments (by a re-corded vote of 178 ayes to 251 noes, Roll No. 399); 
                                                                                    Pages H4892–93 
Polis amendment that was debated on July 7 that 
sought to strike section 437, relating to the use of funds for the social cost of carbon (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 400); 
                                                                                            Page H4893 
Edwards amendment that was debated on July 7 
that sought to strike section 438, which provides for a limitation on the use of funds regarding ozone standards (by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 249 noes, Roll No. 401);
                                        Pages H4893–94 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D794 July 8, 2015 
Lawrence amendment (No. 13 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that was de-bated on July 7 that sought to strike section 439, which provides for prohibitions regarding hydraulic fracturing (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 250 noes, Roll No. 402);
                                        Pages H4894–95 
Polis amendment that was debated on July 7 that 
sought to prohibit the use of funds in contravention of Public Law 94–579 (by a recorded vote of 192 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 403);
                      Page H4895 
Tsongas amendment that was debated on July 7 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to imple-ment or enforce sections 117, relating to Sage- Grouse, section 121 relating to reissuance of rules (wolves), and section 122 relating to the Northern Long Eared Bat (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 404);
                              Pages H4895–96 
Grijalva amendment that was debated on July 7 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to imple-ment or enforce section 120, with respect to ivory (by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 405);
                                                               Pages H4896–97 
Beyer amendment that was debated on July 7 that 
sought to prohibit the use of funds in contravention of Executive Orders regarding climate change (by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 406); and
                                                                       Page H4897 
Blackburn amendment (No. 6 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that was de-bated on July 7 that sought to reduce funds by 1 percent across-the-board (by a recorded vote of 168 ayes to 258 noes, Roll No. 407).
              Pages H4897–98 
Withdrawn: 
Buck amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to pay retention bonuses to Senior Exec-utive Service personnel at the Environmental Protec-tion Agency; not more than $50,000 to be made available to be used by the Department of the Inte-rior to conduct a study on whether Agricola Amer-icus should be classified as an endangered species. 
                                                                                    Pages H4936–37 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Ellison amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to enter into contracts with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System in-clude the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ and such disposition is listed as ‘‘willful’’ or ‘‘repeated’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H4935–36 
Buck amendment that seeks to prohibit the use of 
funds to pay a Federal employee for any period of time during which such employee is using official time under United States Code;
                Pages H4937–38 Grothman amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds to regulate the location of the place-ment of a monitor of pollutants under the Clean Air Act in any county provided such county has at least one monitor;
                                                         Pages H4939–40 
Sanford amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds for oil and gas lease sale 260 included in the Draft Proposed Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) oil and Gas Leasing program for 2017–2022 (DPP), or in any subsequent proposed or final iteration of such Program;
                                                             Page H4940 
Palmer amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and to reduce funds for EPA-State and Tribal Assistance Grants as well as grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Pol-icy Act by $50,000,000 in each instance; 
                                                                                    Pages H4941–42 
Palmer amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds by the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out the powers granted under section 3063 of title 18, United States Code; and
             Pages H4942–43 
Calvert amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to prohibit the display the flag of the 
United States or the POW/MIA flag, or the decora-tion of graves with flags in the National Park Serv-ice national cemeteries as provided in National Park Service Director’s order #61 or to contravene the Na-tional Park Service memorandum dated June 24, 2015 with the subject line containing the words ‘‘Immediate Action Required, No Reply Needed’’ with respect to sales items.
                          Pages H4945–46 
H. Res. 333, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2822) and (H.R. 2042) was agreed to on June 24th. 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and agree to the following measures: 
Calling for substantive dialogue, without pre-
conditions, in order to address Tibetan grievances and secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people: H. Res. 337, amended, calling for sub-
stantive dialogue, without preconditions, in order to address Tibetan grievances and secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4900–04 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representa-
tives regarding Srebrenica: H. Res. 310, expressing 
the sense of the House of Representatives regarding Srebrenica.
                                                             Pages H4904–08 
Student Success Act: The House passed H.R. 5, to 
support State and local accountability for public edu-cation, protect State and local authority, and inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D795 July 8, 2015 
by a recorded vote of 218 ayes to 213 noes, Roll No. 
423. Consideration began February 25th. 
                                                                                    Pages H4908–35 
Rejected the Esty motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Education and the Workforce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 185 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 422. 
                                                                                    Pages H4932–34 
Pursuant to H. Res. 125, it was made in order to 
consider the further amendments printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–192 as though they were the last further amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–29.
                                                                          Page H4924 
Agreed to: Rokita amendment (No. 45 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–192) that sets the authorization from fiscal year 2016 through 2019;
                  Pages H4908–10 
Zeldin amendment (No. 30 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 26 that allows a State to withdraw from the Common Core Standards or any other specific standards (by a recorded vote of 373 ayes to 57 noes, Roll No. 410); 
                                                                                    Pages H4924–25 
Hurd amendment (No. 31 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 26 that expresses the sense of Congress that students’ person-ally identifiable information is important to protect as applied to current law and this act (by a recorded vote of 424 ayes to 2 noes, Roll No. 411); 
                                                                                            Page H4925 
Loebsack amendment (No. 40 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 26 that supports the expansion of the use of digital learning through competitive grants to partnerships to implement and evaluate the results of technology- based learning practices, strategies, tools, or pro-grams at rural schools (by a recorded vote of 218 ayes to 213 noes, Roll No. 416); and
     Pages H4928–29 
Salmon amendment (No. 47 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–192) that allows parents to opt their student out of the testing required under this bill and exempt schools from including students that have opted out in the schools’ participation require-ments (by a recorded vote of 251 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 420).
                                       Pages H4912–13, H4931 
Rejected: Grayson amendment (No. 32 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 26 that sought to require the Secretary of Education to conduct an assessment of the impact of school start times on student health, well-being, and perform-ance (by a recorded vote of 199 ayes to 228 noes, Roll No. 412);
                                                            Page H4926 
Wilson (FL) amendment (No. 33 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on Feb-ruary 26 that sought to provide for school dropout 
prevention and re-entry and provide grants to raise academic achievement levels for all students (by a re-corded vote of 192 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 413); 
                                                                                    Pages H4926–27 
Carson (IN) amendment (No. 35 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on Feb-ruary 26 that sought to advance assessments of stu-dent achievement and instructional practices, effec-tive teacher preparation and continuing professional development, education administration, and inter-national comparisons; the amendment supports de-velopment of a national research strategy to ensure that students, particularly at risk students, have ef-fective teachers and are being prepared for the future (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 414);
                                                               Pages H4927–28 
Brownley (CA) amendment (No. 39 printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 26 that sought to create a grant program for states to create or expand biliteracy seal programs to recognize student proficiency in speaking, read-ing, and writing in both English and a second lan-guage for graduating high school seniors (by a re-corded vote of 191 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 415); 
                                                                                            Page H4928 
Polis amendment (No. 41 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 26 that sought to authorize—but does not appropriate funds—for the Secretary of Education to provide grants for: early-childhood education scholarships, professional development and licensing credentials, or increased compensation for educators who have at-tained specific qualifications (by a recorded vote of 205 ayes to 224 noes, Roll No. 417);
            Page H4929 
Thompson (MS) amendment (No. 43 printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 27 that sought to require that The Student Success Act shall not go into effect until the Sec-retary of Education determine that its enactment will not reduce the college and career readiness of ra-cial or ethnic minority students, students with dis-abilities, English learners, and low-income students and provide written notification to Congress on such determination (by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 241);
                                                Page H4930 
Walker amendment (No. 46 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–192) that sought to add A-PLUS, which would send funding under NCLB back to states in the form of block grants, and states would then be able to direct that funding to any education purpose under state law (by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 419); and 
                                                                Pages H4910–12, H4930–31 
Scott (VA) amendment (No. 44 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that was debated on February 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D796 July 8, 2015 
27 that sought to repeal H.R. 5 and replace the bill 
text with a substitute amendment that provides ro-bust funding levels, replaces the mandates of No Child Left Behind, and maintains civil rights and equity protections that ensure all students graduate from high school college- and career-ready (by a re-corded vote of 187 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 421). 
                                                                                            Page H4932 
Withdrawn: 
Polis amendment (No. 48 printed in part A of H. 
Rept. 114–192) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have required states to have college- and career-ready standards and set perform-ance, growth, and graduation rate targets for all stu-dent subgroups; also included performance targets for English language learners and students with dis-abilities.
                                                                  Pages H4913–24 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H4946 
H. Res. 347, the rule providing for the further 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) and consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 242 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 392, after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                                    Pages H4879–87 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H4900. 
Senate Referrals: S. 286 was held at the desk. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Thirty one recorded votes 
and one yea-and-nay vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4887, H4888–89, H4889, H4890, H4890–91, H4891, H4891–92, H4892–93, H4893, H4893–94, H4894–95, H4895, H4895–96, H4896–97, H4897, H4897–98, H4898–99, H4899, H4924–25, H4925, H4926, H4926–27, H4927, H4928, H4928–29, H4929, H4930, H4930–31, H4931, H4932, H4934, and H4934–35. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:37 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ENERGY AND THE RURAL ECONOMY: THE 
ECONOMIC IMPACT OF EXPORTING CRUDE OIL 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Energy and the Rural Economy: the Economic Impact of Exporting Crude Oil’’. Testi-mony was heard from David J. Porter, Chairman, Texas Railroad Commission; Frank Rusco, Director for Natural Resources and Environment, Govern-ment Accountability Office; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on the Agriculture Appropriations Bill for FY 2016; and Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016. The Agriculture Appropriations Bill for FY 2016 was ordered re-ported, as amended. The Revised Report on the Sub-
allocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016 was agreed to. 
INTERNET GOVERNANCE PROGRESS AFTER 
ICANN 53 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Internet Governance Progress After ICANN 53’’. Testimony was heard from Larry Strickling, Administrator, National Telecommunications and Information Administration; and a public witness. 
MEDICAID AT 50: STRENGTHENING AND 
SUSTAINING THE PROGRAM 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Medicaid at 50: Strengthening and Sustaining the Program’’. Testi-mony was heard from Vikki Wachino, Deputy Ad-ministrator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices, and Director, Center for Medicaid and CHIP Services, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; Carolyn Yocom, Director, Health Care, Government Accountability Office; and Anne Schwartz, Executive Director, Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission. 
EXAMINING THE DESIGNATION AND 
REGULATION OF BANK HOLDING COMPANY SIFIs 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-
nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Designation and Regulation of Bank Holding Company SIFIs’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING DHS’S MISPLACED FOCUS ON 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining DHS’s Misplaced Focus on Cli-mate Change’’. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Department of Homeland Security officials: Thomas Smith, Acting Assistant Secretary, Strategy, Planning, Analysis, and Risk, Office of Policy; Roy Wright, Deputy Associate Administrator, Federal In-surance and Mitigation Administration, Federal Emergency Management Agency; and Robert Kolasky, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Infrastructure Protection, National Protection and Programs Direc-torate; and a public witness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D797 July 8, 2015 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2329, the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Jus-tice for Claims Against the United States Act’’; and H.R. 2604, the ‘‘Need-Based Educational Aid Act of 2015’’. H.R. 2329 and H.R. 2604 were ordered re-ported, without amendment. 
THE HELIUM STEWARDSHIP ACT AND THE 
PATH FORWARD 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Helium Stewardship Act and the Path For-ward’’. Testimony was heard from Anne-Marie Fennell, Director, Natural Resources and Environ-ment Team, Government Accountability Office; Tim Spisak, Senior Advisor for Minerals and Realty Man-agement, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began 
a markup on H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1554, the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River Na-tional Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Pro-duction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1949, the ‘‘The Na-tional Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2223, the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2791, the ‘‘Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act’’; H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’; S. 501, the ‘‘New Mexico Water Settlement Technical Correc-tions Act’’; and H.R. 1138, the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Addi-tions Act’’. 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’. The com-mittee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 6. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–22 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may 
be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Upton and Representatives DeGette, Griffith of Virginia, Scha-kowsky, Welch, Slaughter, Polis, Gosar, Jackson Lee, Fitzpatrick, Adams, and Brat. 
IS THE OPM DATA BREACH THE TIP OF 
THE ICEBERG? 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Research and Technology; and Sub-committee on Oversight, held a joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Is the OPM Data Breach the Tip of the Ice-berg?’’. Testimony was heard from Michael R. Esser, Assistant Inspector General for Audits, Office of Per-sonnel Management; Charles Romine, Director, In-formation Technology Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology; Gregory Wilshusen, Director, Information Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
THE CALM BEFORE THE STORM: 
OVERSIGHT OF THE SBA’S DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Calm Before the Storm: Over-sight of the SBA’s Disaster Loan Program’’. Testi-mony was heard from Representative Smith of New Jersey; James Rivera, Associate Administrator, Office of Disaster Assistance, Small Business Administra-tion; William Shear, Director, Financial Markets and Community Investment, Government Accountability Office. 
A REVIEW OF VA’S VOCATIONAL 
REHABILITATION AND EMPLOYMENT PROGRAM 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of VA’s Vocational Rehabilitation and Employ-ment Program’’. Testimony was heard from Jack Kammerer, Director, Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Service, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion, Department of Veterans Affairs; Ralph Charlip, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations and Man-agement, Veterans’ Employment and Training Serv-ice, Department of Labor; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D798 July 8, 2015 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D783) 
H.R. 533, to revoke the charter of incorporation 
of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe. Signed on July 6, 2015. (Public Law 114–28) 
H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. Signed on July 6, 2015. (Public Law 114–29) 
H.R. 893, to require the Secretary of the Treasury 
to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town. Signed on July 6, 2015. (Public Law 114–30) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
JULY 9, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to mark 
up an original bill entitled, ‘‘State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, to be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Michele Thoren Bond, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Consular Affairs), and Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Columbia, to be Representative on the Eco-nomic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Rep-resentative to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine understanding America’s long-term fiscal picture, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need- based educational aid, S. 1300, to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations, and the nominations of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ten-
nessee, and Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: business meeting to con-
sider pending calendar business, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Livestock 
and Foreign Agriculture, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Inter-national Food Aid Programs: Oversight and Account-ability’’, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Home-
land Security, markup on Homeland Security Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2016, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 702, Legislation to Prohibit Restrictions on the Export of Crude Oil’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Stable?’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Implications of a Nuclear Agreement with Iran’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Gulf Cooperation Council Camp David Summit: Any Results?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Africa’s Displaced People’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Ray-burn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory 
Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Property Rights in Amer-ica Ten Years After Kelo v. City of New London’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1554, the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1949, the ‘‘Na-tional Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2223, the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2791, the ‘‘Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act’’; H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Se-curity Act of 2015’’; S. 501, the ‘‘New Mexico Water Settlement Technical Corrections Act’’; and H.R. 1138, the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Construction Costs and Delays at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D799 July 8, 2015 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Regulatory Overreach’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, markup on H.R. 2214, the ‘‘Disabled Veterans’ Access to Medical Exams 
Improvement Act’’; H.R. 800, ‘‘the Express Appeals Act’’; H.R. 1379, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Board of Veterans’ Appeals to develop evidence in appeal cases, and for other purposes; H.R. 1380, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for a medallion furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to signify the veteran status of a de-
ceased individual; H.R. 2605, the ‘‘Veterans Fiduciary Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1302, the ‘‘VA Appeals Backlog Relief Act’’; H.R. 1338, the ‘‘Dignified Inter-ment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1384, the ‘‘Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act’’; and H.R. 2691, the ‘‘Veterans’ Survivors Claims Processing Automation Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing 
on promoting work opportunities for Social Security Dis-ability Insurance beneficiaries, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD800 July 8, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, July 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, July 9 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Continue consideration of H.R. 
2822—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. Consideration of H.R. 2647—Resilient Federal Forests Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1013 
Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1016 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1014 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1013 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1018 Cole, Tom, Okla., E1017 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1015 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1016 
Foster, Bill, Ill., E1019 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1019 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1013 Green, Gene, Tex., E1013 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1014, E1015 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1018 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1017 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1017 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E1019 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1015, E1015, E1016, E1017, E1018, 
E1019 
Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E1016 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1014 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E1013 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1016 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1015, E1018 Young, David, Iowa, E1017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:10 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D08JY5.REC D08JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE