Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7665 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2015 No. 161 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, November 2, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
FRIDAY , OCTOBER 30, 2015 
The Senate met at 12:01 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable C ORY 
GARDNER , a Senator from the State of 
Colorado. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Father, You hold victory in 
store for the upright. As we cross the threshold of another day, thank You for calling us to be Your sons and daughters. 
Bless our lawmakers. Make them big-
ger in their thinking, in their praying, and in their outreach to the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. May our Senators find nourishment in Your sacred Word as they press toward the goal of becoming more like You. Lord, lead them upon the byways and the highways of service in a way that glori-fies You. Grant them grace to walk in Your light and follow Your guidance. 
Thank You that Your grace abides 
with us all, hour by hour and day by day. 
We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, October 30, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable C
ORYGARDNER , a Sen-
ator from the State of Colorado, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. GARDNER thereupon assumed 
the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, leader-ship time is reserved. 
f 
TRADE ACT OF 2015 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 1314, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 1314, an 
act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administra-tive appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organi-zations. Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell amendment No. 2750, to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2751 (to amend-
ment No. 2750), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell motion to refer the amendment 
of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, to the Committee on Finance, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 2752, to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2753 (to (the in-
structions) amendment No. 2752), of a per-fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2754 (to amend-
ment No. 2753), of a perfecting nature. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the time until 1:01 a.m. will be equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to waive the man-datory quorum call with respect to the motion to concur in the House message to accompany H.R. 1314. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, earlier 
this week the White House and con-gressional leadership announced a budget deal that will avert a potential shutdown of the Federal Government and prevent a default on our country’s obligations. This agreement would pro-vide relief to the arbitrary sequester 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.000 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7666 October 30, 2015 
caps for 2 years and maintain the full 
faith and credit of the United States by extending the debt limit to March 2017. 
For months we have been calling on 
both sides to abandon any reckless budget cuts and work together to give the American people much needed re-lief from the sequester. I applaud President Obama and the leaders from both political parties for crafting a commonsense solution that protects the American people and our economic recovery. 
This measure passed the House of 
Representatives, and now it is our turn. This agreement calls for $112 bil-lion in sequester relief, providing nec-essary funding for critical programs on which many Americans depend. With this additional funding, dramatic cuts in these programs can be avoided. 
Yesterday I spoke about the impor-
tance of biomedical research. Funding for the National Institutes of Health can lead to medical breakthroughs that keep us healthier and save money in the long run. One illustration: One American is diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s every 67 seconds in America, and $1 out of every $5 spent in the Medicare system is spent for those suf-fering from Alzheimer’s and dementia. The numbers are growing, the cost is growing, and the research is impera-tive. If we can find a way to delay the onset of Alzheimer’s, treat it, cure it, for goodness’ sake, it not only will spare human suffering, but it will save our budget. So is money for medical re-search well spent? Of course. Yet in past years we have shortchanged it in the name of budget relief. 
Well, this is a moment where we can 
keep our promise to the NIH, to the CDC, and many other agencies that are responsible for medical research. Thanks to bipartisan support—and I es-pecially note the Senator from Mis-souri, R
OYBLUNT , as well as the Sen-
ator from Washington, P ATTY MUR-
RAY—we are going to see an increase in 
the Senate bill this year for NIH if the Senate number continues, and I hope that it does. But it shouldn’t come at the expense of other programs, such as the Centers for Disease Control, which faces cuts in our version of the bill and receives better treatment in the House. We can’t be the world leader in bio-medical research by cutting funding for NIH or CDC. 
We should also restore funding for 
community health centers and sub-stance abuse and mental health pro-grams. As I travel around the State of Illinois, our State, like most States, is facing a heroin epidemic. We find that the overdoses and deaths associated with heroin are now striking a part of our population that they never struck before. The prevalence of death from heroin in America in the last 15 years has changed dramatically, and now most of the victims are White, between the ages of 18 and 44. And that means we have to do something about it, not only in policing—which is, of course, our responsibility—but also when it comes to treatment for those who are 
addicted. We can’t cut back in sub-stance abuse and mental health pro-grams without paying a heavy price and inviting more human suffering. 
We need to ensure that the FDA has 
the funding to fully implement the Food Safety Modernization Act. 
The money in this budget agreement 
will help us reach these goals and many others. We can work together to chip away at the $850 million under-investment in programs that help our veterans, ensuring that those who put their lives on the line for America are given the care, the respect, and the quality education they deserve. 
We should use some of the sequester 
relief in the budget deal to fund transit programs and transportation, if nec-essary. I am proud to represent the city of Chicago. Our mass transit is es-sential. We, of course, stand by our in-frastructure as well when it comes to highways, bridges, and rail service, but it is important that our mass transit systems across America be maintained. 
The core capacity and TIGER 
grants—popular grant programs that have benefited the entire Nation—were facing cuts in early versions of bills. We can reverse it. 
Senate Republicans funded the 
HOME Program, which is $66 million. That was a 93-percent reduction in funding for this essential housing pro-gram. We can start to restore money in that area. 
Without the sequester relief provided 
in the budget deal, $770 million would be cut from America’s schools. Who in the world thinks that cutting spending on education is the best thing for America in the 21st century? We don’t want to eliminate critical title I fund-ing for the most vulnerable kids in America. In my home State of Illinois alone, that amounts to a cut of about $40 million if we stuck with the origi-nal budget figures. Now, with this agreement, we could provide more money for education for the most vul-nerable kids. 
This agreement also protects our sen-
iors by preventing Medicare Part B premium increases and deep cuts to So-cial Security disability insurance that were scheduled to occur next year. It also extends SSDI solvency to 2022 and prevents a 20-percent across-the-board cut in disability benefits. 
The idea of sequester relief is not a 
new one. A similar agreement to the one we are voting on this morning was reached in 2013 between Senator P
ATTY  
MURRAY and then-Congressman P AUL 
RYAN, who yesterday was sworn in as 
the new Speaker of the House. That had widespread bipartisan support. This should as well. It was the right thing to do then, and it is the right thing to do now. 
Government by manufactured crisis 
is no way to do the American people’s business. After months of uncertainty, we have before us a plan to remove the seemingly constant threat of defaults and shutdowns. The new Speaker of the House, P
AUL 
RYAN, was very candid yesterday in ac-
knowledging the broken system in the U.S. House of Representatives, and I think he could point to our side of the Rotunda as well, which has a desperate need for more bipartisan solutions. Our work is not done even with this agree-ment. 
I encourage my colleagues to con-
tinue in the spirit of compromise and a shared goal of growing our American economy and providing fairness to American citizens. Let’s pass appro-priations bills free of ideological policy riders that seek to divide us. 
I look forward to joining my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle in passing this bill. Let’s get back to work and face the critical issues which American families face every single day. 
I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, yester-
day Chairman H
ATCH and I began man-
aging this legislation on the floor of this distinguished body. It seems to me that speaking for more than a couple of minutes at this point would just be ex-cessive, but I think I want to summa-rize what the central question is at this late hour. 
It would be fair to say that we have 
spirited debates in the Senate, and fis-cal battles that play out in this Cham-ber take place at virtually every new cycle and certainly with every elec-tion. That is as it should be. That en-sures that we have vigorous debate about important issues the Founding Fathers wanted this Senate to be part of. But that must never endanger the sterling economic reputation our coun-try has built over the generations, and passing this legislation, in my view, helps to preserve that reputation. 
With this bipartisan legislation, it is 
possible to avert a catastrophic default and a mindless sequester, which would give an opportunity that the President, the Senate, and I care a great deal about, and that would be the oppor-tunity to come up with smart, effec-tive, targeted reforms, such as fixing the broken system of fighting wildfires in our country. That system is broken today. With this legislation and the op-portunity to bring a bit more flexi-bility to the cause of reforming our government, there will be an oppor-tunity on a bipartisan basis to fix that broken policy which has consumed, lit-erally and figuratively, so much of our land in the West. 
To me, having the opportunity to 
prevent a government shutdown and demonstrate once more that our coun-try pays its debts and pays them on time is central to our obligations in the Senate—obligations we must meet on a bipartisan basis. 
The reality is, as it has been for dec-
ades, that America is the economic rock in tumultuous seas with this leg-islation. Once again, we preserve our status, our prestige, with the ability to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.003 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7667 October 30, 2015 
say to the world: America pays its 
debts. Our full faith and credit is intact. 
The reality is the cycle of fiscal cri-
sis has gone on for far too long. To me, the Senate ought to view this legisla-tion as, in effect, a springboard to go back to very different and robust and bipartisan budget debates. The people of this country—certainly the people of my State—expect Senators on both sides of the aisle and of differing phi-losophies to come together to solve the big economic challenges ahead. 
The reality is, if you count the votes 
here in the Senate, to get the impor-tant work done, you have to find some common ground. Neither side can forge the progress we need here in this body all by itself. So let’s pass this bipar-tisan legislation tonight, and let’s reaf-firm our pledge to protect the full faith and credit of the United States. 
This evening I urge my colleagues, 
Democrats and Republicans alike, to support this important legislation. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Will the Senator delay his sugges-tion? 
Mr. WYDEN. Yes. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time during the quorum call be allocated equally. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, the num-
ber one threat to our country’s future is our debt. The number one threat to our national security is our debt. This deal gives the President the power to borrow unlimited amounts of money. This deal represents the worst of Wash-ington culture. The left and the right have come together in an unholy alli-ance to explode the debt. The left gets more welfare, the right gets more mili-tary contracts, and the taxpayer is stuck with the deal. 
This is a bipartisan busting of the 
budget caps that will further indenture our next generation. I promised the voters of Kentucky to oppose deficits, to oppose budgets that don’t balance, and to spend only that which comes in. I will not give this President any power to borrow unspecified amounts of money. Our debt now equals our entire economy. Not raising the debt ceiling means we would be forced to only spend what comes in—also known as a balanced budget. I could accept that. But I can also accept a balanced budget that brings us to balance over 5 years. The debt threatens us like never be-
fore, and now is the time to take a stand. I have traveled far and wide across America. I have not met one voter outside of DC who supports add-ing an unlimited increase to the debt ceiling. 
I hope my colleagues will listen and 
will listen very clearly to their con-stituents before voting for this ter-rible, rotten, no-good deal. The time is now to take a stand. The time is now to say enough is enough—no more debt. The very foundation of our country is threatened by the addition of debt. This is precisely the time when we should be using the leverage of raising the debt ceiling to exact budgetary re-forms. 
In 2011, that is exactly what we did. 
We had a compromise that worked in the right direction. We had a com-promise that said we will set limits on both the military and the domestic spending. Instead, what we have today is an unholy alliance of right and left. We wonder why the deficit grows no matter which party is involved, no matter which party is in charge. The deficit continues to grow because, frankly, many are not serious about re-ducing the debt. Many up here are seri-ous only about increasing spending for their sacred cow. 
The true compromise that is nec-
essary in America is for both right and left to say enough is enough, to say that the particular interests they have in spending money is hurting the coun-try. It is time for the right to say: You know what; the country is not stronger by going further in debt. The country actually, I believe, is weaker. We do not project power from bankruptcy court. 
I think the time is now. Enough is 
enough. We shouldn’t be adding more debt. The left needs to acknowledge this as well. The left may say this is for humanitarian purposes, we want to help people. I don’t doubt their mo-tives, but I do doubt whether you can help people from bankruptcy court. I think we are weakening our country. 
One of the reasons why we have been 
able to help so many people in our country is that we are the richest, most humanitarian country in the his-tory of mankind. In the year 2014 alone, we gave away nearly $400 billion in private charity in this country. I fear that will not continue to last. I fear that as this deficit mounts, as the debt mounts, they will drag us down. 
Already some economists estimate 
that we are losing a million jobs a year because of the burden of debt. I think what we need to do is to have com-promise in Washington, but the com-promise needs to be that the right and the left need to say we don’t have enough money at this point. Some say we need to have military readiness. But this week in the Armed Services Committee, they talked about $20 bil-lion of waste in one program within the military. We have had Secretaries of the Cabinet Departments and a Sec-retary of the Navy saying: You know 
what; we can save money within the Pentagon. But if we keep adding to the top line, if we keep adding more money, if we keep spending good money after bad, we are going to bank-rupt the country. 
I hope my colleagues will listen to 
their constituents, because I have been in 40 of the 50 States and I have yet to meet a single voter who says: Keep adding to the debt; keep spending more money. 
What I find is the opposite. They say: 
Work together to save the country. Work together not to add more debt. 
This debt ceiling vote does something 
that is unprecedented. It doesn’t even add a certain amount to the debt. It adds an unspecified amount. Over the next year or year and a half, we will add as much debt as can be crammed into the budget, as much money as can be spent. There will be no limit. We are giving an unspecified amount of bor-rowing power to the President. I don’t care whether it is a Democratic Presi-dent or a Republican President. It is unconscionable to give unlimited bor-rowing authority to the President. 
As we contemplate this decision, we 
need to think beyond the short term. We need to think beyond the short term of self-constituencies on either side of the aisle and say enough is enough. We don’t have the money. Let’s take a stand now and try to re-form the process before it is too late. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I want to 
once again express my support for the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of in-voking cloture on this legislation. 
As I have said before, this is not a 
perfect bill, and I haven’t heard anyone argue that it is. Indeed, any Senator looking for a reason to vote against this budget deal could easily find one. 
However, at the same time, this bill 
will accomplish a number of important tasks and clear a number of hurdles out of our way to allow us to govern more effectively in the coming months. 
For example, the bill will suspend the 
statutory debt limit through mid- March of 2017, eliminating the threat of an immediate default and ensuring that conflicts over the debt limit do not get swept up in the politicking and pandering of next year’s election cam-paign. 
This bill will also extend the life of 
the Social Security Disability Insur-ance—or SSDI—trust fund for an addi-tional 6 years, preventing massive ben-efit cuts to disabled American workers and removing the current uncertainty. It actually goes further than that, put-ting in place SSDI reforms that are the most significant changes to any Social Security program in more than 30 years—not an insignificant accom-plishment. 
In addition, this legislation will pre-
vent millions from seeing huge pre-mium hikes in the Medicare Part B Program, again ensuring that our sen-iors don’t suffer as a result of political 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.004 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7668 October 30, 2015 
gridlock and grandstanding in Con-
gress. 
And it will repeal an unpopular and 
obviously ineffective provision from the so-called Affordable Care Act: the employer auto-enrollment require-ment. 
Finally, the bill will partially lift the 
budget caps established under the Budget Control Act. And, while I share my colleague’s concerns about rolling back real spending cuts, I think that it is important to note that the bill does not add to the debt, nor does it raise taxes. Even more important is the fact that it will increase funding for our military at a time when we face so many challenges and potential con-flicts in the world. 
As I said earlier in this debate, some-
times—many times, in fact—governing effectively is about the art of the do-able. While neither the substance of this bill nor the process that got us here are ideal for anyone, we need to take a close look at where we are and, more importantly, where we want to be in the near future. 
I won’t speak for anyone else, but I 
personally would rather focus on sub-stantive, long-term solutions to the problems plaguing our country than spending so much time navigating from crisis to crisis. Meaningful and lasting policies are very rarely crafted or en-acted when we are speeding toward a cliff, and this bill would eliminate a number of cliffs in our very near future and give us a real chance to do more good for the American people. 
Therefore, in addition to voting to 
move this bill forward, I want to call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle—particularly those who have real reservations about the legislation be-fore us today—to work with me on these issues. I currently chair the Sen-ate committee with jurisdiction over 
many of these areas, and I have been working for a number of years to ad-dress these problems. 
I want to reform our entitlement pro-
grams in order to put our debt on a sus-tainable trajectory. 
I want to put in place fundamental, 
long-term fixes for the SSDI program and Social Security more generally. 
And I want to work to get long-term 
spending under control. 
I know many of my colleagues share 
these desires, and nothing in this bill prevents us from doing more work to get us where so many of us want to be. I am willing to work with anyone—Re-publican or Democrat—to get us there. 
But it will be extremely difficult to 
do any of this with ticking clocks hanging over our heads. That is why, once again, I urge my colleagues to vote to move this bill forward. 
This bill has been an important un-
dertaking. And I know that many of our leaders are taking no small amount of criticism for the work they have done to put it together. I want to thank them for their efforts and par-ticularly for their willingness to set aside partisanship and political expedi-ence to do what needs to be done. Most notably, I want to thank 
Speaker B
OEHNER for his efforts in 
crafting this compromise and getting it across the finish line. He had a difficult road over in the House of Representa-tives—being Speaker of the House is never an easy job. Even if you dis-agreed with Speaker B
OEHNER , which I 
did from time to time, you could never doubt his commitment to the people he represented in Congress and his cour-age to always do what he believed was the right thing for the American peo-ple. 
While I have every confidence in the 
new Speaker of the House—Speaker R
YANand I have worked well together 
on a number of issues, and I think we can all acknowledge that he is an effec-tive leader—I have to say that Speaker B
OEHNER will be missed. 
I also have to once again thank our 
distinguished majority leader here in the Senate. He also has a difficult job and is no less willing to take a lot of heat and put up with a lot of criticism in order to do the right thing. Under Senator M
CCONNELL ’s leadership, the 
Senate is finally a functioning body where things actually get done. Things haven’t gone perfectly—they never do—but, I expect that, as time goes on, things will continue to get better. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Who yields time? 
If no one yields time, the time will be 
charged equally to both sides. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending clo-ture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to accompany H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Lisa 
Murkowski, John Thune, Lamar Alex-ander, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, John McCain, Thad Cochran, Thom Tillis, Michael B. Enzi, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, Susan M. Collins, Shelley Moore Capito. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. By unanimous consent, the man-datory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314 shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M UR-
PHY) is necessarily absent. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 63, 
nays 35, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 292 Leg.] 
YEAS—63 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—35 
Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Grassley Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Moran Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Murphy Vitter 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. On this vote, the yeas are 63, the nays are 35. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
Cloture having been invoked, the mo-
tion to refer falls. 
The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, could we 
have order. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senate will be in order. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, the No. 1 
threat to our country’s future is our debt. The No. 1 threat to our national security is our debt. When Admiral Mullen was asked about the debt in the recent past, he said that it is indeed the debt that is the No. 1 threat to our national security. 
This deal gives the President the 
power to borrow unlimited amounts of money. This is extraordinary in the sense that we are not to specify how much money the President can borrow; we are to allow the President to borrow unlimited amounts of money. 
This deal represents the worst of 
Washington culture. One of the collo-quial ways of putting this is guns and butter. What this deal does is allow one side to have more guns and one side to have more butter. It is the old prover-bial guns and butter that is bank-rupting this country. 
Often people want to point fingers in 
Washington and out in the campaign hustings and they want to say, well, it is Democrats’ fault or it is Repub-licans’ fault. What this bill shows is it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.001 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7669 October 30, 2015 
is really the fault of both parties. 
There is an unholy alliance in Wash-ington between right and left, frankly, and it is the guns and butter caucus. On the right they say we need more money for military. On the left they say we need more money for welfare. So they get together, there is a secret handshake, we spend more money on everything, and the country is going bankrupt as a consequence. 
We borrow $1 million every minute. 
This threatens the very foundation of our country. If we ask people—and I think if we ask people throughout America, Republican, Democrat, or Independent—if we ask them whether or not it is a good idea to continue to borrow money without reforming what we do, to continue borrowing money at an alarming rate, they would say enough is enough; we should spend only what comes in. 
Now, some have said we shouldn’t ne-
gotiate over something like raising the debt ceiling, that it might potentially cost us our bond rating. But the inter-esting thing is that in 2011 when we had this discussion, what we found was that actually our bond rating went down, and the S&P bond rating agency said that it went down because we failed to enact meaningful budgetary reform. 
Mr. President, could we have order. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senate will be in order. 
Mr. PAUL. Often people wonder why 
the deficit gets worse, either under Re-publicans or under Democrats. Under the previous Republican administra-tion, the debt doubled. It went from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. Under this ad-ministration, it will go from $10 tril-lion to about $20 trillion, although we don’t know the exact number because we are now letting the President bor-row an unspecified amount of money. But we are on target to add more debt under this President than all of the previous Presidents combined. 
People ask: Why does this go on? 
Where are the fiscal conservatives? I guess I would maintain that there are very few fiscal conservatives on either side of the aisle. Both sides of the aisle have what I would call sacred cows. On the right they have the sacred cow of military contracts. And then the inter-esting thing is they say: We don’t have enough money to properly defend the country. But the interesting thing is that when you look at military spend-ing, we actually spend more on our military than the next 10 countries combined. Think about it. Russia, China, and eight more countries—add up all of their military spending, and it still doesn’t equal what we spend on the military. 
Since 9/11 we have increased our mili-
tary spending by 50 percent. How do we do that? How do we get the money for the military? It only happens by a compromise with the other side. The other side will sometimes resist exces-sive spending in the military, but they say: You know what; we will give it to you if you give us what we want. So the left wants more domestic spending; 
the left wants more welfare. The right wants more military spending. So what is the unholy alliance? What is the great compromise? This is being touted as a bipartisan compromise. Well, it is a bipartisan busting of the budget caps. It is a bipartisan compromise that is ruining the country. 
The No. 1 threat to our national secu-
rity is the debt. So for those who say that we just need more military spend-ing and somehow we will be safer, I think we are actually becoming less safe as we get further and further mired in debt. We need to seek some-thing like the opposite of this com-promise. We could have compromise, but I think the compromise would be that the right acknowledges that we don’t have an unlimited treasury and that we actually are making the coun-try weaker by hollowing the country from the inside out through this mas-sive debt that we are accumulating. 
I don’t think you project power from 
bankruptcy court. To the left, I would say: If your goal is humanitarian, if your goal is to help people who are in need, if your goal is to help the poor and help those who can’t help them-selves, we are doing a disservice to the country if we are going further into bankruptcy to do so. We have to under-stand what the contrast is. 
We have to understand the contrast 
between our country and other coun-tries. One of the great contrasts and one of the things about America that allows us to be the most humanitarian nation probably in the history of man is this engine of capitalism. The engine of capitalism, however, I think, is being brought down. The engine of cap-italism is being burdened by this enor-mous anchor of debt. 
I think we really should be concerned 
about whether we can continue to do the things we do to help our fellow man if we are burdened by this debt. So I think both the right and the left mis-take their purpose here in the short run by saying: Well, we are going to get what we want—more money, more money, more money. Frankly, we don’t have any money. We are borrowing money at $1 million every minute. 
There has been much discussion as I 
traveled around the country. There has been much discussion about education. People say they want free education for everyone. They say we should just give education to everyone. Well, the interesting thing is this: Do you know to whom we give free education? We give $15 million of free education to foreign students just for community college. The things that go and riddle through the government of what we are spending money on and the reason we never get reform is because we are doing this unholy compromise when we are not going through item after item after item of waste. 
I will give you a couple of examples 
of the waste that exists in government. We spent $800,000 last year in Afghani-stan on a televised cricket league—a televised cricket league for Afghani-
stan, $800,000. They don’t even have televisions in Afghanistan. Why does this go on? Why are we never able to fix any of these problems? Because of the unholy compromise between the right and left that skirts these issues and continues to blithely go on. 
We do not self-examine what is wrong 
with government because we bundle government into one large continuing resolution in which there is no self-ex-
amination of waste. 
We spent $150,000 on yoga classes for 
Federal employees. We spent $200,000 last year studying whether Japanese quail are more sexually promiscuous when they are on cocaine. The Amer-ican public is outraged at the waste. 
Even within the Defense Department 
we have had hearings just this week that said we wasted $20 billion on one program. This program is called Future Combat Systems. So we waste money, but nobody is fixing it. The American people are asking themselves: Why does it go on? Why is there never any reform? Why? Because there is an un-holy alliance between the right and the left. Everybody gets what they want. The right will get more military money, and the left will get more wel-fare money—guns and butter in abun-dance. Who gets stuck with the bill? The taxpayer. The taxpayer is stuck and burdened with the bill, and we have made our future generations in-dentured servants. We are making the next generation bear the burden of our profligate ways, and there is no sus-tained force to say enough is enough. 
When we look at waste in the mili-
tary, former Secretary of the Navy John Lehman, who was the youngest Secretary of the Navy under Reagan, has said that he believes we do need to modernize our navy. He thinks we do need more ships. But he also says we should pay for it by reducing the costs in the Pentagon by reducing the bu-reaucracy in the Pentagon. When John Lehman was Secretary of the Navy there were seven joint task forces. There are now 250 joint task forces. 
But here is what I would ask you: We 
have this program about which we pointed this out last week called Fu-ture Combat Systems—$20 billion worth of waste in the Pentagon. Do you think it is going to get fixed if we raise the level of money we spend? The only way waste is ever ferreted out is if we lower the amount. If you lower the top line number, if you lower the amount of money that is given, waste will have to be ferreted out. In fact, what we need are the constraints of the market-place that ferret out waste within the private marketplace. 
The opposite happens in government. 
When you look at government spending and you look at it department by de-partment, what really happens is the opposite. As each department gets to the end of their fiscal year, what do they do with the remaining money? They spend it. They try to spend their money at the end so they will get it the next year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.011 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7670 October 30, 2015 
I proposed a budgetary reform which 
wouldn’t fix the entire government, but it would actually do something I think to lead us in the right direction. I proposed legislation that I think ac-tually would help to right some of the problems and try to have correct incen-tives in the way we spend our money, both on the military side as well as on 
the domestic side. I would give all Fed-eral employees bonuses based on cost savings. When the American people read about the waste throughout gov-ernment, they say: How come it never gets better? Do you want to know why Congress has a 10-percent approval rat-ing? Because you guys just raise all the money. You blithely go on, rubberstamp, and give the money. We have to go for the weekend. But there are ways that we could reform this. If you gave bonuses to Federal employees for finding savings, then you would have the correct incentive—the same kind of incentive that you have in pri-vate business, which tries to maximize profit by reducing costs. 
In government, though, you never 
get that. In the government people keep spending their money and spend-ing their money. In fact, what we dis-covered is that as the fiscal year comes to a close, spending accelerates and multiplies. People spend more money in the last month than they spend in the other 11 months. They spend more money in the last week than they spend in the early weeks. They spend more money in the last day of the fis-cal year than on any other day of the year. In fact, as the sun rises and as the sun sets, you can watch the spend-ing accelerate on the last day of the fiscal year. As 5 o’clock approaches in the East, there is a fury to spend money. As the sun continues into the West and to Federal agencies in Cali-fornia, they are spending it like crazy as 5 p.m. approaches. 
Why don’t we fix any of these prob-
lems? We don’t fix them because we have become a rubberstamp and we give everybody what they want. The right gets their money for guns, the left for butter. Guns and butter are bankrupting the country. 
What we really need are fiscal con-
servatives. You can be liberal and be a fiscal conservative. You can be con-servative and be a fiscal conservative. But the problem we have now is that there are people on the right who are actually liberal with military spend-ing. I don’t think you can be a fiscal conservative if you are for unlimited spending for the military. 
If you look at what we are spending 
on the Pentagon, if you look at what we are spending on military spending, we spend more than all the next 10 countries combined. We have increased our defense spending by 50 percent. Perhaps we should look at the amount spent and try to ferret out waste and try to figure out what is working and what is not working. While we are doing it, we should think—and we should think long and hard—about whether or not we want to get back in-
volved with another war in Iraq. 
The first war in Iraq cost us $1 tril-
lion. In Afghanistan we have now spent more than the entire Marshall Plan. We don’t have a lot to show for it. Many of the things that have been built in Afghanistan have been wasted. Much money has been stolen. There are stories repeatedly of the Karzai family being involved in drugs and drug run-ning and money being wasted and squandered. 
We have to decide this: What is our 
mission currently in Afghanistan? What is the purpose of our mission in Afghanistan? What is the purpose of our mission currently in Iran and Iraq? Are we going to be back in Iraq with another half million troops over there? Are we prepared to spend another tril-lion dollars in another war in Iraq? 
The message that I am trying to get 
across tonight is that it is not the fault of one party or another. It is the fault of both parties. I think the American people actually recognize this because essentially there is a universal disdain for all of those in office. If you have missed this, if you haven’t noticed this, you are missing out on something big that is happening in America. What is happening in America is that people are very, very upset that nothing seems to improve, that the waste con-tinues on and the spending continues on. 
Look at projects that are wasteful. I 
will give you another example of a project that really annoys people. This project is one where we spent $250,000 bringing 24 kids from Pakistan and bringing them to Space Camp in Ala-bama. There are hundreds and hun-dreds of these projects. We have Amer-ican kids who can’t afford to go to Space Camp in Alabama. What in the world are we doing borrowing money from China to send it to Pakistan to bring some of their kids to Space Camp? It is outrageous. We are bank-rupting the country with this, and it goes on and on. 
One of the reasons there is never any 
reform in our spending is because we don’t address spending the way we properly should. There are 12 different departments of government and about 10 years ago was the last time that we actually passed appropriation bills. So there are 12 departments of govern-ment. We should pass them and exer-cise the power of the purse by passing the individual appropriations bills. If we were to do that, that is when we would begin to reform. That is when we would begin to say that we don’t have the money to spend on this. That is when we would ask tough questions. 
But Congress has become a shell of 
itself. Congress has become so min-iscule as to be almost insignificant. This is with regard to almost all pol-icy. The executive branch writes the regulations. The executive branch fights the wars, and we do nothing. We have been at war almost constantly for the last 20 years. We have been at war in Syria and now in Iraq for over a 
year, and yet Congress has not weighed in. 
Congress has not voted to give the 
President any authority. Some will say: Well, we gave him that authority on 9/11. Well, go back and read the use of authorization of force from 9/11. Read the use of authorization of force and see what is in there. What you will find is in there is that it was directed toward those who attacked us on 9/11. Well, they did not attack us from Iraq. Iraq had nothing do with 9/11. Yet we use that same resolution from 15 years ago. 
Think about the absurdity of this. 
Think about the absurdity of using a resolution from 2001 to fight war for-ever. Really, can a vote from a Con-gress—and probably more than half of us were not part of that Congress in 2001—can that vote really be used to bind generation after generation after generation in perpetual war? 
We find also that it is both sides real-
ly. Both sides have supported the war in Iraq. You had Hillary Clinton sup-port the war when she was here. She now runs away from this. But you also have Hillary Clinton who is still in-volved with wanting us to be back in-volved in Syria, calling for a no-fly zone. 
Before we get involved, should we not 
have a debate in Congress? There is an extraordinary amount of money that is spent. There is an extraordinary amount of lives that are lost. In the Iraq war, we spent over $1 trillion, but we lost also nearly 5,000 of our brave young men and women over there. 
The problem in Washington—and this 
is an interesting point—many in the media point out that the problem is in-civility and not getting along. I guess I would argue the opposite, that we get along too well, that compromise actu-ally comes too easy, and that when you look at whether there is enough discus-sion on whether the debt is harming us, there is actually too much agreement on both sides and lack of concern real-ly for the debt. 
So you have both sides coming to-
gether with this bill to basically say that we are going to give the President an unspecified and unlimited amount of borrowing power. I think that is bad for the country. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Will the Senator 
yield for a question? 
Mr. PAUL. I think I would prefer to 
finish up. You know what, I think each Senator can have an hour. I would love it if you would fulfill the next hour and make points about why we really are spending our country into oblivion. But I think I am going to finish my hour. 
Mr. President, can you tell me how 
much time I have remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has approximately 38 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. PAUL. Good. When we look at the problem here, it 
is not really a problem that involves a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.012 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7671 October 30, 2015 
lack of compromise. What we have is 
both right and left have come to-gether—and not just tonight, right and left have been coming together for a long time up here. Right and left have been saying: You scratch my back, and I will scratch yours. Basically, the compromise is, we both get what we want. The right’s sacred cow is mili-tary spending. The left’s sacred cow is domestic welfare spending. Both sides end up getting what they want, but as a consequence, we borrow $1 million every minute. 
Many economists have said that our 
debt is actually the biggest threat to our future. Many economists have ac-tually said that our debt is actually costing us about 1 million jobs a year. Kids ask me: What about a job? What are you going to do to create jobs? What are we going to do to keep Amer-ica strong, to keep America producing and manufacturing and creating mil-lions of jobs? 
I think it is the wrong thing to add 
more debt. I think it is wrong to spend money you don’t have. So often up here, everybody looks and says ‘‘Well, I am going to do this with the money’’ when, indeed, the first thing we should be asking is where the money is going to come from. We borrow the money from China, often to send it to Paki-stan. We have sent billions of dollars to Pakistan. 
I will give you an example of where 
we could save some money, and yet there seems to be very little interest for saving money in Washington. I put forward an amendment I think about 6 months ago in the Foreign Relations Committee. My amendment said that any country that persecutes Christians should not get any of our foreign aid. I have asked people about this in Ken-tucky and across the country: Should a country that persecutes Christians get any of our foreign aid? I have not met anybody who is in favor of that, and yet almost everybody here is for it. The vote was 18 to 2 in the committee to continue sending foreign aid to countries that persecute Christians. 
You say: Well, how are you defining 
that? How do you define the persecu-tion of Christians. 
Pretty easily, actually. We define it 
as any country that puts a Christian to death or puts anyone to death for criti-cizing the state religion. In Pakistan, it is the death penalty if you criticize the state religion. It is the death pen-alty if you convert from the state reli-gion to any other religion. Yet we pour billions of dollars in there. 
When I tried to end the practice of 
sending money to countries that per-secute Christians, the response from the other side was, well, this money is not going to those who are persecuting Christians, the money is going to the moderates to influence their behavior. The problem is that there is no objec-tive evidence that they are changing their behavior. If you look over the last dozen years, you look over the last two decades in Pakistan, are they be-coming more friendly to America? Are 
they changing the laws so they don’t persecute Christians? Well, it is actu-ally probably the opposite. In some ways, there has been more radicalization of Pakistan. 
I will give you an example—Asia 
Bibi. Asia Bibi is a Christian. There are not many Christians left in Pakistan. Asia Bibi went to the well in a small Muslim village. She went to the well to draw water. As she was drawing water, they began to stone her. They stoned her and beat her with sticks until she was a bloody pulp. As she lay on the ground crying out for help and hoping that someone would show up, finally the police came. As the police came, this Christian woman, Asia Bibi—when the police came, they did not help her, they arrested her. She was arrested and accused of criticizing the state reli-gion. What is our response? Our re-sponse is to send more money to Paki-stan. 
We continue to send money—good 
money after bad—to countries that abuse their citizenry. Look at a coun-try like Saudi Arabia. Many people have forgotten that 16 out of the 19 hi-jackers were from Saudi Arabia. We still have some questions from the 9/11 report that do discuss Saudi Arabia, the possibility of Saudi Arabia’s in-volvement in the 9/11 attacks. We also have a Saudi Arabia that has a horren-dous human rights record. This is a question that has been put forward. Some have said that really their goal is to support women’s rights, such as Hil-lary Clinton. Yet she has taken tens of millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia. 
In Saudi Arabia, there was a young 
woman who was 17. They called her the Girl of Qatif. She was raped. She was gang-raped by seven men. When they finally brought about justice in Saudi Arabia, their idea of justice was that the girl who was raped was publicly whipped. She was whipped for being in the car with an unmarried man. 
If you think foreign aid and selling 
weapons to a country like Saudi Arabia is going to change their behavior, you have got another thing coming. If you think selling weapons to Saudi Arabia or selling weapons to Egypt is some-how changing their behavior or cre-ating a warm fuzzy feeling in the hearts of Saudi Arabians or Egyptians for us, you have got another thing coming. 
Over a period of time, we sent $60 bil-
lion to Egypt. Probably one-third to half of that was stolen by one family, the Mubarak family. We also sold a lot of weaponry to them. They ended up using some of the weaponry on their own people. 
As protesters gathered in Tahrir 
Square in Cairo about a year ago, as these protests were occurring and hun-dreds of thousands of people were show-ing up, when Mubarak was still in power, Mubarak attempted to quell the protest. He attempted to stifle the crowd by spraying tear gas on the crowd. That is bad enough, to try to quell protests with brute force, but 
what made it doubly bad is when the Egyptians bent over and they picked up the empty cartridge from the tear gas, it said, ‘‘Made in Pennsylvania.’’ 
You see, I think America is a great 
country. I think by our example and by our trade and by our diplomatic en-gagement with the world, we are the shining light for the world. But when we sell weapons to countries that then use those weapons to suppress their own people, I am not so sure that helps American relations around the world. 
We should participate as a body more 
in how the money is being spent. I think this is one of the points of this resolution. When we see that we are giving an unspecified amount of bor-rowing power to the President—we have done it both ways in the past. We have done it this way in the past, and I think it is wrong—it was wrong then. But we have also done it when we have allowed the President to borrow cer-tain amounts. Many people have ar-gued: We should not have a debt ceil-ing. We should never have this prob-lem. It is too disruptive, and we should let them borrow as much as they want. 
I really think the opposite. I think 
we need to put a closer rein on what actually happens in government. But I think we also need to specify and lay out the entire budget. A good example of this is when we had the Ebola out-break, and people were looking for money, and they said there was not enough money. It turns out there was plenty of money, but the money was being spent on a lot of bizarre things that come out of the NIH. We looked and we found that over $2 million was being spent on origami condoms. Well, I think we are fairly good on the science of condoms, and an extra $2 million on origami condoms was per-haps not the best use of money. But when you bring out these outrageous spending examples, you think: Well, certainly we are going to fix it, right? 
Every year I think for the past 20 
years there has been a waste book pro-duced. The waste book has hundreds and hundreds of items that should be eliminated. Why are they in there every year? Why have we never fixed any of this? It is because we don’t do individual appropriations bills, we don’t look at the individual bills and say: This is how we will reform it. 
Some have said: We are not passing 
those appropriations bills because you are trying to tell the President how to spend the money. 
Yes. That is what we are supposed to 
do. That is what the power of the purse is. 
If you ask people around the country 
what are the things they are most un-happy about, I know from talking to Republicans and conservatives that the thing they are most unhappy about with us—and when I say ‘‘unhappy,’’ I mean really unhappy—they are un-happy that we are not exercising the power of the purse, that basically we are a rubberstamp for Big Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.014 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7672 October 30, 2015 
Others will argue—they will say: We 
need to be the adults in the room and we need to govern. We need to govern seamlessly with no hiccups. 
I would say there are two potential 
problems here. You could argue that, well, by letting us get close to the brink on the debt ceiling or getting close to running out of money, that is disruptive and sends a bad signal to the marketplace. You could argue in the short run that maybe that is disrup-tive. But you could also argue that it is incredibly disruptive to the country to keep borrowing money at $1 million a minute. So I think you have to weigh which is worse. Is it worse to keep bor-rowing money at $1 million a minute or is it worse to actually have a little bit of uncertainty about the debt ceiling? 
With regard to the debt ceiling, 
though, if you look at the debt ceiling and ask whether we would ever default, we bring in, in tax revenue, about $250 billion a month. Our interest payments lately have been averaging about $30 billion. There is actually no risk of de-faulting at all. 
We should do the opposite. Instead of 
scaring the marketplace and saying that there is any chance of default, we should say that we have no intention of defaulting. We should say that we will not default. In fact, we have legisla-tion—I have actually introduced legis-lation; it is called the Default Protec-tion Act. It says that we will not de-fault. It says that the first thing we will spend out of our revenue would be for our interest. It also says that out of our revenue we would pay for Social Security. We would fully fund it. We would pay for Medicare and fully fund it. We would pay for our soldiers’ sala-ries. We would pay for veterans affairs. 
People say: Well, we have little else. You know, then maybe the question 
should be—maybe government should not be doing much beyond interest, sol-diers’ salaries, veterans affairs, Medi-care, and Social Security. Maybe that is what government should do and nothing else, at least until we got caught up again, at least until we had as much money coming in. 
What would happen if we did not 
raise the debt ceiling? If we don’t raise the debt ceiling, we have a balanced budget. Is it really so awful to concede that we would only spend what comes in? Every American family does it. Every American family only spends what comes in. I think it would be good for the country to do that. 
But there is an even better way. 
What many conservatives have offered is something called cut, cap, and bal-ance. This is a way we could raise the debt ceiling, and we would temporarily raise it for about a 5-year period. We would raise the debt ceiling in a grad-ual manner over about a 5-year period. The reason you would do that and the reason I would vote for that is I would vote for it because we would be bal-ancing the budget. So cut, cap, and bal-ance, we would cut the deficit in half in 1 year. It is the best way to get on a good footing. Let’s go ahead and cut 
out a significant amount in 1 year, and then it makes it a lot easier in the suc-cessive years if you hold the line. 
Calvin Coolidge was incredible with 
this kind of stuff. In Amity Shlaes’ book she goes through in exquisite de-tail—wonderful detail—how he ended up balancing the budget. In those days the President was paid a pretty good amount for those days. I think it was about $100,000, but everything came out of their salary. So when an ambassador for France came for dinner, the dinner came out of Coolidge’s salary. So Coo-lidge would be down in the kitchen after dinner saying: I noticed we cooked five hams. I think we could have done with four hams. 
That was the kind of handle he had 
on expenditures. He also had a handle on expenditures throughout govern-ment, and he met every week with the Treasury Department. He met every week with the Cabinet Secretary to say: This is how we are going to stop spending money. This is how we are going to stop wasting money. 
Cut, cap, and balance is an alter-
native to what we are putting forward. I think if we were a true, open, and de-liberative body we would have a vote on that, but no vote has been scheduled for cut, cap, and balance. So those of us—and I think there were a signifi-cant number who said that this was not a good deal. Those of us who believe it to be not a good deal were not allowed the opportunity to have an alternative. 
The alternative we have is called cut, 
cap, and balance. In cut, cap, and bal-ance, we would cut the debt or cut the deficit in half in 1 year. We would cap spending. 
This deal actually does the opposite 
of capping spending. This deal actually gets rid of the caps and exceeds the caps on spending. We would cap spend-ing at 18 percent of GDP. That means you would multiply 18 percent by the total dollar amount of the economy and that is what we would spend. 
Why did we choose 18 percent? We 
chose 18 percent because that is about what comes in historically on average. If you look over the past 20 years, we have occasional times when we bring more money in, occasional times when we bring in less, but on average we bring in about 18 percent. So really if you want to balance your spending— which would be the responsible thing if we were responsible adults, if we cared about the American people, cared what they thought, and cared that they were worried about the debt we were add-ing—we would spend about what comes in. So 18 percent is about what comes in. If we spent 18 percent, we would have a balanced budget. 
I think people ought to think about 
it in this perspective: We bring in $3 trillion. Our problem isn’t so much how much money comes in, our problem is that we spend in excess of what comes in. 
Couldn’t we just spend what comes 
in? Couldn’t we spend $3 trillion? Couldn’t we have a strong country? I 
think we would actually be a stronger country if we spent only what comes in. We wouldn’t have ‘‘no’’ government, and in some ways we might have a gov-ernment that was even bigger than I desire. If we only spent what comes in, if we spent the $3 trillion—and that is all we spent—think how strong we would become again as a country. Think about the strength of our mar-ketplace, the strength of the stock market, the strength of our job cre-ation if we were only spending what comes in. 
This is not a new problem. It has ac-
celerated under this President, but I think we should be very ecumenical with the blame. There is enough blame to go around. I think there is an un-holy alliance. The problem in Wash-ington is not lack of cooperation, it is too much cooperation. We have de-cided, right and left, that we want to spend more money, but we don’t have the money. So what do we do? We say we are going to simply borrow it, but there are repercussions to borrowing. There are repercussions to spending money we don’t have. I think this is a point in time when we should reevalu-ate. It is a point in time where maybe you ought to spend time and go home. 
I know when I am at home I don’t 
meet anybody who is for this deal. Those who vote for this deal—maybe if you are from a State that isn’t con-cerned about the budget, isn’t con-cerned about the debt, you may get away with it, but I think people are going to have a rude awakening when they get home because outside of DC the antipathy for this deal is rising. The anger is rising. The belief that ba-sically everybody needs to be sent home from Washington is a rising sen-timent in the country because we don’t appear to be listening. 
If you ask people—and I ask people 
all the time. Do you think we ought to have term limits? The answer is yes. 
Would the Parliamentarian inform 
me of how much time remains. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
C
APITO ). The Senator has 19 minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. PAUL. When I have discussed 
this issue with folks at home, with con-stituents in Kentucky, the question they ask me is, How can you give the President an unspecified amount to borrow? Weren’t you elected to try to stop this? I was elected in 2010 when the tea party movement arose. The tea party movement arose—and this is an interesting, maybe some say, historical fact—the tea party arose not so much in criticism of Democrats; the tea party folks weren’t those who really believed the Democrats would be fis-cally responsible. The tea party arose because they were concerned that Re-publicans weren’t being fiscally respon-sible. The tea party arose largely as a rebuke to the Republican Party. The tea party arose and said: You know what, bailing out the banks wasn’t something the average middle class, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.015 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7673 October 30, 2015 
ordinary, conservative Republican sup-
ported. We didn’t support the bailouts. We didn’t support President Obama’s huge and enormous government stim-ulus, nearly $1 trillion. We also don’t support borrowing or lending money for these programs. There are two ways you can stop this. You can stop this by voting against the spending, which there doesn’t seem to be a significant amount of will in this body on either side of the aisle to stop and discontinue this profligate spending. So it is spend-ing and borrowing, spending and bor-rowing. Which comes first? Well, they go hand-in-hand, but it is a real prob-lem. I think it is a problem that threatens the very fabric of our coun-try, and it is why I ran for office. 
The reason I ran for office is because 
I was concerned we were accumulating so much debt that we were piling on debt that ultimately could lead to the destruction of our country. People say: Well, we are a strong country. The debt will never bring us down. 
We are at a point where our debt ba-
sically just about equals our economy, 100 percent of our economy, and that is a tipping point. Many economists who look at the economics of nations have looked at that and said: We are at a tipping point. We are at a point where if we do nothing, if we continue to give a blank check to the government, if we give a blank check to this President for his final year in office, what might happen? 
This is a President who is going to 
add more debt than all of the previous Presidents combined, and we are going to give him a blank check? Those who vote for this deal will be giving the President a blank check. They will say: You can borrow whatever you want. Fill in the blank. 
That ought to be the title of this bill: 
‘‘Fill in the blank.’’ 
How much debt do you want? Fill in 
the blank. 
There is no specific amount. This bill 
will allow for unlimited addition of debt. This bill is exactly why people are upset and angry with Washington. 
The fact that this bill is going to 
slide through is exactly why Congress has about a 10-percent approval rating. People here scratch their heads and can’t figure it out. This is why. They don’t want you to act like adults and govern over this enormous debt. They want you to act. They want you to do something. They want you to quit the borrowing and spending. 
The lesson that needs to be learned is 
that this isn’t one-sided. This is not the fault of one party, this is a two- party problem. These are the two par-ties getting together in an unholy alli-ance and spending us into oblivion. 
People say: Well, how will we defend 
the country? Don’t we need more money? 
We have increased military spending 
by 50 percent since 9/11 in real dollars. There is waste in the Pentagon. I have been arguing that we should audit the Pentagon. The Pentagon says they are too big to be audited. How insulting. It 
goes on and on. 
The frustration of the American peo-
ple is that as it goes on and on, nothing ever changes. The establishment in Washington is completely and utterly tone deaf to the way America feels about this. All you have to do is drive outside the beltway, enter into Amer-ica, and ask the first person you meet at a supermarket: Do you think we should keep borrowing more money? 
I don’t care what party they are in. I 
defy you to drive outside the beltway, stop at a gas station, stop at a super-market, and ask the first person: Do you think we should increase the debt and increase spending at the same time? Do you think we should increase the debt? Do you think we should in-crease the debt ceiling with an unspec-ified amount? 
Ask any parent of a college-age kid 
whether we should give them a credit card with no limit. If your child comes to you and has $2,000 on the credit card, what do you do? You tell them they have to watch their spending. Do you give them more money? No. 
Should we give Congress more 
money? Hell, no. Congress is bad with money. They are not good with money. Do not trust them with any more money. It is a mistake, a huge mis-take, to give this body any more money. We should be doing the oppo-site. We should be binding this body with the chains of the Constitution that say only certain powers were dele-gated to Congress, only certain powers under article I, section 8, and we shouldn’t allow for unlimited govern-ment. 
Our Founding Fathers were con-
cerned about a big government, but they were also concerned about a big and overwhelming military that was there all the time and would tend to grow. Even some of our greatest he-roes—President Eisenhower worried about the military industrial complex. So there have been leaders in the past who have said we have to be careful that we don’t get to a point where the contractors are driving Congress, where the contractors are creating a situation in which their concerns and their well-being are more important than the well-being of the country. 
Will the Parliamentarian report on 
the time remaining. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has 13 minutes remaining. 
Mr. PAUL. Some will criticize this 
exercise of keeping the Senate awake at night. The rumblings can be heard, but what I would say is that the future of the country is worth the time spent. One of the reasons we are spending the middle of the night discussing this is that we don’t have an ordinary process for proposals. We don’t have an ordi-nary process for amending bills. 
Were there to be an ordinary process 
where conservatives would be allowed an alternative such as cut, cap, and balance—we actually did that in 2011 when the opposite party was in charge. We did have a vote on cut, cap, and bal-
ance. It actually passed. It passed in the House overwhelmingly and was de-feated in the Senate, but the fact is there are other alternatives. There isn’t just one alternative. The only al-ternative shouldn’t be that we con-tinue to go further and further into debt. 
Sometimes people say: Well, I can’t 
even conceive of $1 trillion. It is just this enormous money, this enormous amount of money. What is $1 trillion? 
To illustrate what $1 trillion is, 
imagine if you had thousand-dollar bills in your hand and you had thou-sand-dollar bills stacked four inches high. That would be $1 million. But if you want to imagine $1 trillion, in thousand-dollar bills it would be 63 miles high. That is what we are talking about adding. 
While they have not specified how 
much debt they are going to burden us with, many are estimating that it will be over $1 trillion. So when you think about what your government is doing to you tonight, think about how much of a burden of debt the next generation will get in just the next year, just from this bill over the next year and a half— over $1 trillion. If you want to know how much that is, imagine thousand- dollar bills stacked 63 miles high. That is the burden we are passing on to the next generation. 
None of this is an argument for no 
government. None of this is an argu-ment for no Federal Government. In fact, this is an argument for just spending what comes in. We actually have a lot of money that comes in; $3 trillion comes in. Could we not simply live with the $3 trillion that comes in? What would happen to the country if we only spent what comes in? Would there be some sort of calamity? I think it would actually be the opposite. I think it would send a signal to the world that we are serious, that we are going to make America great again. America’s greatness was founded upon fiscal sanity, small government. 
Liberty thrives when government is 
small. We need a government that is small and restrained by the Constitu-tion. If we had a government that was restrained by the Constitution, we wouldn’t be in this fix. Many of the functions of government we do up here are not written into the Constitution and were never delegated to the Fed-eral Government. The reason we have gotten into this fix is because we have gotten away from the confines of the Constitution. 
Jefferson once said that the chains of 
the Constitution will bind government. Patrick Henry said that the Constitu-tion is not about restraining the peo-ple; the Constitution was intended to restrain the government. 
There has been a long history of this. 
This is not something that has oc-curred overnight. If you want to go back and see the history of people try-ing to restrain their government and keep their government small, you can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.016 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7674 October 30, 2015 
probably go back to the plains of Run-
nymede in 1215. When the Magna Carta was passed, that was one of the first explicit sort of explosions of people saying to government enough is enough; the king does not have unlim-ited power. 
This goes against the character and 
the charter of the Magna Carta, which tried to limit the power of the mon-arch. Instead, we are giving unlimited power to borrow to the President. So if you look at the character of the Magna Carta and you look at the character of our Founding Fathers, who wanted to have restraint, who wanted govern-ment to be restrained by rules, what you find is that we are going headlong in the wrong direction. What we need is to obey the Constitution once again. When we obey the Constitution, I think what would happen is that the budget would balance almost automatically. It would balance every year. 
Washington does need to have com-
promise, but this is the wrong kind of compromise. The compromise is going in the wrong direction. What we need is compromise that actually reduces spending. Instead, we have com-promise, or so-called compromise, that is actually increasing spending. 
This deal will give the President un-
specified and unlimited power to bor-row money without limits. In the President’s last year in office he will be able to borrow whatever—no limits whatsoever. We are abdicating our role as a constitutional body to limit and check the power of the Presidency with this. 
Some will say: Oh, you are only say-
ing this because it is a President of the opposite party. I would be saying this if it were a President of either party because we have allowed too much power to gravitate to the Presidency, and this allows even more. 
Will the Parliamentarian give an up-
date on the time remaining. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. PAUL. In the remaining time, I 
would like to talk about a budget point of order that I will be putting forward. This legislation does something that many in this body have been critical of in the past. It actually takes money from the obligations to Social Security and transfers them to a more imme-diate program. 
Specifically written into the budget 
rules, though, were rules that say: If you are going to take money, if you are going to steal money from Social Secu-rity, from people who are retired and who have put it in there, and you are going to spend it on something else, there is a special budget point of order that says in order to do this you will need 60 votes. So we will be putting for-ward a budget resolution that says: If you are going to steal money from So-cial Security, if you are going to take money from Social Security and you are going to spend it on other con-cerns—people will say: Oh, well, we are going to spend it on disability. Well, the Social Security fund was put for-
ward as a pension plan. You have an obligation to those who put the money in. So stealing money from people who will be getting money in the future to pay for immediate concerns is robbing Peter to pay Paul. 
So those in this body will be asked 
tonight to vote on whether or not you are willing to vote to take money from Social Security to spend it on imme-diate concerns. This is sort of like say-ing: All right, I have a pension fund. Let’s say I have $100,000 in my pension plan, but I want to go to the racetrack and I need some money this week. So I am willing to take the $100,000 out, and I am willing to pay a $30,000 penalty. I am willing to do it because I am an ad-dict, and I am addicted to spending, and I have to spend the money now. 
That is what it is, and you are all 
guilty of it, right and left. You are going to take money out of the Social Security fund, and you are going to spend it on an immediate fix. And by fix, I mean not fixing the program. By fix, I mean what a junkie does. A junk-ie is addicted to spending. That is what the problem is here, that we are ad-dicted to spending. 
So, Madam President, at this point I 
raise a point of order against the pend-ing motion pursuant to section 311(a) of S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. The legislation reallocates payroll between the retirement and disability programs and therefore breaches the budget act. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, pur-
suant to section 904 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiv-er provisions of applicable budget reso-lutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the House message, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
Mr. PAUL. Madam President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas 
and nays have been ordered. 
Is there further debate on the motion 
to waive? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the motion to waive. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 64, 
nays 35, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 293 Leg.] 
YEAS—64 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—35 
Blunt 
Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Grassley Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Moran Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Toomey 
NOT VOTING—1 
Vitter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 64, the nays are 35. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The majority leader. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT  
NO. 2750 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I move to table the motion to concur with the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I know of no fur-
ther debate on the motion to concur. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the motion to concur. 
Mr. TILLIS. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 64, 
nays 35, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 294 Leg.] 
YEAS—64 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal 
Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito 
Cardin Carper Casey Cochran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Oct 31, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30OC6.018 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7675 October 30, 2015 
Collins 
Coons Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy 
Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—35 
Blunt 
Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Grassley Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Moran Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Toomey 
NOT VOTING—1 
Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
FEDERAL WATER QUALITY PRO-
TECTION ACT—MOTION TO PRO-CEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I move to proceed to Calendar No. 153, S. 1140. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 153, S. 
1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to propose a regu-lation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 153, S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Dean Heller, Jeff 
Flake, Steve Daines, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Ben Sasse, Roy Blunt, Daniel Coats, John Cornyn, John Booz-man, Richard Burr, Cory Gardner, Shelley Moore Capito, Richard C. Shelby, David Perdue, John Barrasso. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, 
with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITION—S.J. RES. 22 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, hereby direct that the Senate Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Corps of Engineers and the En-vironmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and further, that the resolution be placed upon the Legislative Calendar under General Orders. 
Joni Ernst, James Inhofe, Mike Rounds, 
Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn, Lamar Alexander, Rand Paul, Patrick Toomey, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Mike Lee, Thad Cochran, Orrin Hatch, Mike Crapo, Bill Cassidy, Shelley Moore Capito, Jeff Flake, Deb Fischer, Richard Burr, John McCain, David Perdue, Michael B. Enzi, Richard Shelby, John Hoeven, Ben Sasse, Tim Scott, Thom Tillis, James Lankford, Dan Sullivan, Bob Corker, Johnny Isakson, David Vitter, Mitch McCon-nell, Ted Cruz, Jerry Moran, Rob Portman, Ron Johnson, Dan Coats, Marco Rubio. 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following joint resolution was 
discharged by petition, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 802(c), and placed on the cal-endar: 
S.J. Res. 22. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Corps of Engineers and the En-vironmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. W ARNER ): 
S. 2225. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to establish an H–2B temporary non-agricultural work visa pro-gram and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
SULLIVAN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. Res. 301. A resolution calling on the 
Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation to modify the accreditation standards of the Council to prevent the standards from negatively impacting Alaska 
Native and Native American teacher can-didates; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 301—CALL-
ING ON THE COUNCIL FOR THE ACCREDITATION OF EDUCATOR PREPARATION TO MODIFY THE ACCREDITATION STANDARDS OF THE COUNCIL TO PREVENT THE STANDARDS FROM NEGATIVELY IMPACTING ALASKA NATIVE AND NATIVE AMERICAN TEACH-ER CANDIDATES 
Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 301 
Whereas Alaska Natives and Native Ameri-
cans are underrepresented in the profession of teaching; 
Whereas Alaska Native and Native Amer-
ican students benefit academically from the cultural perspectives of Alaska Native and Native American teachers; 
Whereas Alaska Native and Native Amer-
ican teachers often serve as positive role models for Alaska Native and Native Amer-ican students; 
Whereas increasing the number of Alaska 
Native and Native American teachers work-ing in native communities empowers tribes, benefits native youth, and strengthens tribal self-sufficiency; 
Whereas the Council for the Accreditation 
of Educator Preparation (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Council’’) is the sole ac-crediting body for educator preparation pro-grams at institutions of higher education in the United States; 
Whereas the Council approved new accredi-
tation standards in 2013 and plans for the standards to be fully implemented by 2020; 
Whereas the 2013 accreditation standards 
of the Council require that institutions of higher education, when accepting candidates to their schools of education, ensure that the group average performance on assessments such as the ACT and SAT is— 
(1) in the top 50 percent from 2016–2017; (2) in the top 40 percent of the distribution 
from 2018–2019; and 
(3) in the top 33 percent of the distribution 
by 2020; 
Whereas because of social, academic, and 
economic barriers, the average ACT and SAT scores of Alaska Natives and Native Ameri-cans are disproportionately lower than other categories of students; 
Whereas Alaska Native and Native Amer-
ican students have disproportionately inad-equate access to exam preparation opportu-nities and 21st century technology and are less likely to take the ACT or SAT than other categories of students; 
Whereas no definitive research or data has 
shown that performance on the ACT or SAT is an effective indicator of the likelihood of success of a prospective student in an educa-tor preparation program or as a teacher; 
Whereas the 2013 accreditation standards 
of the Council— 
(1) will force institutions of higher edu-
cation to accept fewer Alaska Native and Na-tive American students into teacher prepara-tion programs in order to retain accredita-tion; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Oct 30, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.003 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7676 October 30, 2015 
(2) will result in fewer Alaska Natives and 
Native Americans gaining acceptance into those programs; and 
(3) will exacerbate the already low rep-
resentation of Alaska Natives and Native Americans in the teaching community; 
Whereas the Federal Government has a 
trust responsibility to support the education of Alaska Natives and Native Americans; and 
Whereas the Council should recognize the 
negative impact of the standards of the Council on Alaska Native and Native Amer-ican teacher candidates: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate calls on the 
Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation— 
(1) to consult with tribes and native orga-
nizations; 
(2) to jointly develop changes to the ac-
creditation standards of the Council to en-sure that Alaska Native and Native Amer-ican teacher candidates will not be nega-tively impacted by the standards; and 
(3) to adopt changes to the accreditation 
standards of the Council expeditiously. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
today I am submitting a resolution, with Senators S
ULLIVAN and S CHATZ , 
calling on the Council for the Accredi-tation of Educator Preparation, CAEP, to modify one of their accreditation standards that applies to the qualifica-tions for enrollment of teacher can-didates. 
The goal of accreditation agencies is 
to ensure that the education provided by our Nation’s institutions of higher education and their various programs meet appropriate levels of quality. 
In 2013, CAEP—the only accreditor of 
teacher preparation programs in the country—revised its accreditation standards. Problematic, however, is Standard 3.2 that would require teach-er preparation programs to ensure that each cohort of students enrolled in the program has an average SAT/ACT/GRE score in the top 50 percent from 2016– 2017; the top 40 percent from 2018–2019; and the top 33 percent by 2020. 
I am all for making sure that our Na-
tion’s youngsters have the best pos-sible teachers. We need well-trained, culturally competent, intelligent, ef-
fective teachers in every classroom in America. 
But there is no definitive research or 
data that shows that performance on the SAT, the ACT, or the GRE is an ef-
fective indicator that someone will be-come an excellent teacher. Worse, bas-ing acceptance into a teacher prepara-tion programs on these tests will have a negative impact on young Native Americans and Alaska natives who want to become teachers in their own communities—where they are so des-perately needed. 
Compounding this inappropriate use 
of these tests is the fact that Native American and Alaska native students experience academic, economic, and so-cial barriers that result in their SAT, ACT, and GRE scores being dispropor-tionately lower than their peers of other races. Native students also have disproportionately inadequate access to exam preparation and are less likely to take the ACT or SAT than their peers. 
This new CAEP Standard 3.2 will, 
therefore, effectively block decades- long efforts to train more Native American and Alaska native teachers, when we know that Native American and Alaska native students benefit 
from having teachers who understand their culture, their history, and their learning styles. 
My resolution calls on the Council 
for the Accreditation of Educator Prep-aration to do three things: to consult with tribes and native organizations; to jointly develop changes to these standards to ensure that Native Ameri-cans and Alaska natives will not be negatively impacted by these stand-ards; and to adopt changes to the standards expeditiously. 
I hope that my colleagues will pay 
close attention to this issue, reach out to the teacher preparation programs in their states, and join my colleagues, Senators S
ULLIVAN and S CHATZ in co- 
sponsoring this resolution, as the Council’s standards will impact not only our Native American and Alaska native communities. This standard will also very likely impact young African Americans and Hispanic Americans who hope one day to become teachers but who experience similar barriers to producing high scores on standardized tests. SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that during the upcoming adjournment of the Sen-ate, the majority leader and the senior Senator from Mississippi be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint reso-lutions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 3, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 1140, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided between the two lead-ers or their designees; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the motion to proceed to S. 1140 occur at 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 3, with the time from 2:15 p.m. until 2:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 3, 2015, AT 10 A.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 3:14 a.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:32 Oct 31, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30OC6.006 S30OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
D1158 Friday, October 30, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House 
of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1314, Bi-partisan Budget Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7665–S7676 
Measures Introduced: One bill and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 2225, and S. Res. 301.
                                                                                  Page S7675 
Measures Considered: 
Federal Water Quality Protection Act—Agree-
ment: Senate began consideration of the motion to 
proceed to consideration of S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regu-lation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’.
                                                   Page S7675 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Friday, October 30, 2015, a vote on cloture will occur at 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, November 3, 2015.
                       Page S7676 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, November 3, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided be-tween the two Leaders, or their designees; that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill occur at 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, November 3, 2015, with the time from 2:15 p.m. until 2:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form.
                                                            Page S7676 
House Messages: 
Bipartisan Budget Act: By 64 yeas to 35 nays 
(Vote No. 294), Senate agreed to the motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, after taking action on the fol-lowing motions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S7665–75 
Rejected: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2750, to change the enactment date. (Senate ta-bled the motion.)
                                                       Page S7665 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 63 yeas to 35 nays (Vote No. 292), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House of Representa-tives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S7668 
McConnell motion to refer the amendment of the 
House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, to the Committee on Finance, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2752, to change the enactment date, fell when clo-ture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
     Page S7665 
McConnell Amendment No. 2753 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2752), of a perfecting 
nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, to the Com-mittee on Finance, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2752 (listed above) fell.
    Page S7665 
McConnell Amendment No. 2754 (to Amend-
ment No. 2753), of a perfecting nature, fell when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Oct 31, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30OC5.REC D30OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1159 October 30, 2015 
McConnell Amendment No. 2753 (to (the instruc-
tions) Amendment No. 2752) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                            Page S7665 
By 64 yeas to 35 nays (Vote No. 293), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-
tions with respect to the House Message. Subse-quently, the point of order that the House Message reallocates payroll taxes between the retirement and disability Social Security trust funds, was not sus-tained, and thus the point of order fell.
        Page S7674 
McConnell Amendment No. 2751 (to Amend-
ment No. 2750), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2750 (listed above) was tabled.
                Page S7665 
Signing Authority—Agreement : A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that dur-ing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the 
Majority Leader, and Senator Cochran, be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions. 
                                                                                            Page S7676 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7675 
Additional Statements: 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—294)                              Pages S7668, S7674, S7674–75 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12:01 a.m. and 
adjourned at 3:14 a.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, November 3, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7676.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Monday, No-vember 2, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
NOVEMBER 2, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on Senate 
amendments to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Hire More Heroes Act of 2015’’ [DRIVE Act] [General debate], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Testimony of Subpoenaed Witnesses on the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Alleged Misuse of Reloca-tion Program and Incentives’’, 7:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Oct 31, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30OC5.REC D30OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1160 October 30, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, November 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1140, Federal Water Quality Protection Act. At 2:30 p.m., Sen-ate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, November 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Oct 31, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30OC5.REC D30OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST