Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1039 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2015 No. 25 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, February 16, 2015, at 4:45 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , FEBRUARY 13, 2015 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 13, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J OHN J. 
DUNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God of the universe, we 
give You thanks for giving us another day. 
We pray for the gift of wisdom to all 
with great responsibility in this House for the leadership of our Nation. 
May all the Members have the vision 
of a nation where respect and under-standing are the marks of civility and where honor and integrity are the marks of one’s character. 
As Members take time in the coming 
week for constituency visits, give them the ability to hear the voices of all in their districts, even those with whom they disagree. This is difficult to do, so endow them with patience and a dis-cerning ear. 
Bless us this day and every day, and 
may all that is done within these hal-lowed halls be for Your greater honor 
and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I object 
to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) come forward and lead 
the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
FACTS ARE STUBBORN THINGS 
(Mr. M CCLINTOCK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, as 
we count down the days to the shut-down of the Department of Homeland Security, a parade of Democrats has appeared on the floor to accuse Repub-licans of blocking funding. 
Have they completely forgotten that 
the House passed a bill to fully fund the Homeland Security Department back on January 14—31 days ago? 
Every House Democrat save two op-
posed that funding, and, for 31 days, Senate Democrats have blocked it from even being considered. 
The fact is that Democrats are will-
ing to block funding for Homeland Se-curity unless they can fund amnesty for millions of illegal aliens. According to a recent ABC-Washington Post poll, the American people want to stop the President’s amnesty orders by a whop-ping 56–41 percent. Nine Senate Demo-crats have told their constituents they do, too, but they won’t. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.000 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1040 February 13, 2015 
Those are the facts. 
And, as John Adams said, facts are 
stubborn things. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I guess it 
is pretty clear that politics continues. Rather than bringing to the floor of the House a bipartisan Homeland Secu-rity bill, what the House brought to the floor back in January was a highly political, highly partisan bill—anti-im-migrant legislation—that they knew was dead on arrival when it landed in the Senate. So let’s make the record clear: 
Democrats and Republicans have 
agreed to a clean Homeland Security bill; but rather than bringing that to the House floor for a vote, we continue to see the House Republican leadership pander to the most extreme, anti-im-migrant voices in their party. 
That is not what the American peo-
ple expect of us. It is politics as usual. I do not understand why it continues to be the order of the day here. The Amer-ican people reject that. We should be focusing our attention on the big ques-tions: building an economy for the American people that works for every-body rather than for the few, rather than an economy rigged for the few. 
Look, the American people are tired 
of this. I know other Members of Con-gress on both sides of the aisle are tired of this. Bring a clean Homeland Security bill to the floor. 
f 
WEST COAST PORT SLOWDOWN 
CRIPPLES ECONOMY 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the on-
going slowdown occurring at our west coast ports is causing devastating eco-nomic conditions for our agricultural industry and an alarming ripple effect to supply chains across the Nation. Re-cent estimates have predicted retailers could lose as much as $7 billion this year and that it will cost the overall economy $2.1 billion every day if this shutdown continues. 
In California, our citrus shippers are 
reporting delays as long as 4 weeks versus the typical 3 to 4 days for cargo to leave ports, causing their products to spoil and rot on the docks and in-creasing the already sizable backlog. One California almond company re-ported they already had to lay off 50 employees due to the slowdown at the port. Without action, these numbers are only going to worsen as long-term or permanent damage is even done to our export markets. 
We cannot afford to sit back as our 
producers and growers and workers bear the brunt of this labor dispute. I strongly urge both parties and, if nec-essary, this administration to get in-
volved—to get back to the negotiating table and enact a swift resolution—to prevent serious long-term harm being done to our local and national economy and to our export markets. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, here we go 
again. 
It appears that my colleagues on the 
other side have short memories and do not remember the consequences that led to a backlash from the American people when they shut down the Fed-eral Government in the last Congress. 
Republicans continue to play politics 
with the Department of Homeland Se-curity funding by insisting that any funding bill overturn the President’s executive actions on immigration. If the Republicans fail to pass a DHS funding bill, the consequences will be severe. One direct consequence is that there will be no funding of new nondis-aster grants to local and State govern-ments, law enforcement, fire depart-ments, and other emergency respond-ers. 
As ranking member on the Sub-
committee on Emergency Prepared-
ness, Response, and Communications, I understand how critically important these grants are to safeguarding our communities. Protecting the Homeland Security Grant Program is critical to ensuring that our cities, transpor-tation systems, and first responders have the capabilities to prepare for and to respond in times of disaster. 
Mr. Speaker, simply put, Republicans 
should stop putting politics ahead of the safety of the American people and join with Democrats to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
f 
MOX ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, last year, the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility—MOX—at the Savannah River Site was ade-quately funded to continue to the com-pletion of its vital missions of con-verting weapons-grade plutonium into fuel. 
A recent Augusta Chronicle editorial 
urges Congress to prioritize the MOX project and to increase its funding. The administration allocated $345 million in the President’s budget, and it is my hope that Congress will further strengthen that number. This essential facility will allow the United States to honor its international nonprolifera-tion obligations with the Russian Fed-eration while, at the same time, sup-porting environmental cleanup. 
I look forward to continuing working 
with Congressman J
IMCLYBURN , who also represents the facility, in sup-
porting the Savannah River Site and its vital national security and environ-mental cleanup missions. We are joined by committed House colleagues R
ICK 
ALLEN and J EFF DUNCAN , along with 
Senators L INDSEY GRAHAM , TIMSCOTT, 
JOHNNY ISAKSON , and D AVID PERDUE . 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
PASS A CLEAN DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING BILL 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
compelled to call attention to the irre-sponsible actions of my Republican col-leagues. Holding the Department of Homeland Security and our national security hostage is reckless and irre-sponsible. This politically motivated action puts the physical and economic safety of our people and of our country in jeopardy. 
The Republicans claim that they 
have already passed a bill. Well, on a technicality, they might be right, but when you look at it, they have not, and they have been acting irresponsibly. 
More than 130,000 agents and officers 
from the Border Patrol, the TSA, the Coast Guard, and the Secret Service will continue to work despite having their livelihoods denied them. Not only is this endangering our national secu-rity, this is directly harming the men and women who have sworn to protect all of us. 
How can we treat those so disgrace-
fully who serve our Nation? What mes-sage are we sending to the American people? 
I implore my Republican colleagues 
to put aside their personal politics and consider what is best for our country and our people. We have 15 days left. Let us pass a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill to pro-tect the safety of our Nation and to re-spect the people who have sworn to serve us. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF CONTINENTAL 
FLIGHT 3407 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday marked the sixth anniversary of when Continental Flight 3407 crashed into a home in Clarence Center, New York, and trag-ically took the lives of all 49 pas-sengers on board, including one expect-ant mother. 
In the wake of this tragedy, Congress 
passed the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act of 2010, which was the largest over-haul to aviation safety in over 40 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.002 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1041 February 13, 2015 
The legislation introduced many new 
guidelines for airline safety and re-quired airlines to put well-trained pi-lots in every cockpit. Although this law has helped to prevent accidents like that of Flight 3407 from happening again, there is still work to be done. 
Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, I met 
with some of the families of the vic-tims of Flight 3407, and, yesterday, I joined a group of bipartisan Members in urging the committee of jurisdiction to continue to support the implementa-tion of the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act of 2010. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the committee 
for their continued support and their efforts in helping to make commercial airline travel safer. As we move for-ward, the House should be clearly fo-cused on ensuring tragedies like Flight 3407 never happen again. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO 
ENGELHEIM VINEYARDS 
(Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate north-east Georgia’s Engelheim Vineyards for its success in the San Francisco Chron-icle Wine Competition. 
Thanks to the great Peach State 
winemakers, including Jan and Gary Engel, the owners of Engelheim Vine-yards in Ellijay, Georgia wines are rightfully gaining national recogni-tion. 
Last month, the Engels entered their 
northeast Georgia-grown and bottled wine in the prestigious San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition. With more than 6,400 entries from 28 States, the San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition is recognized as the larg-est competition of American wines in the world. 
Despite the crowded field and the 
fact that it was their first showing at the competition, Engelheim Vineyards did Georgia proud by earning four med-als. Engelheim brought home a double gold medal for Sweet Molly, silvers for its Traminette and its Merlot, and a bronze medal for Trilogy, a blend of three estate-grown grapes. 
This magnificent achievement is just 
the latest example of northeast Geor-gia’s emergence as a prominent wine region. Wine critics and a growing number of tourists agree the unique ge-ography of our mountains and the pas-sion of our winemakers make Georgia wines truly special. 
I commend the Engels and the hard-
working Georgia winemakers, who are making a great name for our State in the world of wine, and I look forward to their continued success. b0915 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX 
RELIEF ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 101, I call up the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 101, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–6 is adopt-ed, and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 636 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘America’s Small 
Business Tax Relief Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSING CERTAIN DEPRECIABLE BUSI-
NESS ASSETS FOR SMALL BUSINESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) D OLLAR LIMITATION .—Section 179(b)(1) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not exceed $500,000.’’. 
(2) R
EDUCTION IN LIMITATION .—Section 
179(b)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘exceeds—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘exceeds $2,000,000.’’. 
(b) C
OMPUTER SOFTWARE .—Section 
179(d)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘, to which section 167 applies, and which is placed in service in a taxable year be-ginning after 2002 and before 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and to which section 167 applies’’. 
(c) E
LECTION .—Section 179(c)(2) of such Code 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘may not be revoked’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘and before 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘ IRREVOCABLE ’’ in the heading 
thereof. 
(d) A IRCONDITIONING AND HEATING UNITS.— 
Section 179(d)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and shall not include air conditioning or heating units’’. 
(e) Q
UALIFIED REAL PROPERTY .—Section 
179(f) of such Code is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘beginning after 2009 and be-
fore 2015’’ in paragraph (1), and 
(2) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). (f) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 179(b) of 
such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable 
year beginning after 2015, the dollar amounts in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined 
under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2014’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—The amount of any increase 
under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10,000.’’. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2014. SEC. 3. REDUCED RECOGNITION PERIOD FOR 
BUILT-IN GAINS OF S CORPORA-TIONS MADE PERMANENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (7) of section 
1374(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(7) R
ECOGNITION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘recognition pe-
riod’ means the 5-year period beginning with the 1st day of the 1st taxable year for which the corporation was an S corporation. For purposes of applying this section to any amount includ-ible in income by reason of distributions to shareholders pursuant to section 593(e), the pre-ceding sentence shall be applied without regard to the phrase ‘5-year’. 
‘‘(B) I
NSTALLMENT SALES .—If an S corporation 
sells an asset and reports the income from the sale using the installment method under section 453, the treatment of all payments received shall be governed by the provisions of this paragraph applicable to the taxable year in which such sale was made.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 4. PERMANENT RULE REGARDING BASIS AD-
JUSTMENT TO STOCK OF S COR-PORATIONS MAKING CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS OF PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1367(a)(2) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the last sentence. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to contributions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 5. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be 
entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay- As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 90 minutes equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
R
YAN) and the gentleman from Michi-
gan (Mr. L EVIN) each will control 45 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks on H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I think we are going to 
have a little bit of a de ´ja`vu here today 
because we are going to be talking on yet another tax extender bill like we did yesterday. This one involves small businesses. 
Let me see if I can sort of lay out the 
case that is before us and the decision that we as Members of Congress are going to have to make. 
Small businesses are the engine of 
economic growth and job creation in this country. Eighty percent of all businesses in America file their taxes as small businesses under what we call 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.004 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1042 February 13, 2015 
subchapter S corporations or partner-
ships, and one of the critical ingredi-ents to running a successful small busi-ness is to be able to buy equipment for your small business and to hire people to do things. One of the important pro-visions in the Tax Code to help do this is something we call section 179 of the Tax Code. 
Section 179 is really simple. It says 
to small businesses: We want you to be able to write off the purchase of equip-ment to run your small business so that you can be successful. 
Well, here is what happened. For a 
number of years, small businesses have been able to write off $500,000—a small business earning $2 million—to pur-chase equipment. The problem is, as of January 1 of this year, that ability to write off $500,000 to buy a couple of trucks and scaffolding and other kinds of equipment—maybe you want to buy a tractor if you are a farmer, maybe you want to buy a skid steer if you are a contractor—that $500,000 expensing limit has now gone down to $25,000. 
What typically happens is Congress 
says: We don’t want that to happen. Let’s get it back up to where it was so small businesses can plan and invest for their future. 
And here is what happened last year. 
Last year, this expired at the begin-ning of this year. So, we waited until December 11 to say: No, you can ex-pense up to $500,000 for these small businesses to purchase things like trac-tors and all sorts of kinds of equip-ment. 
So this is what we did to the Amer-
ican small business men and women of America last year. We said: You don’t know what is going to happen, and we will let you know on December 11, and you will have a few weeks to make all of these decisions before this expires. Just think about that. 
So from December 11 to December 31 
of last year was the window in which American small business men and women realized they had this incentive to purchase and plan for equipment be-cause on January 1 it went away. And that is where we are today. 
So we are saying: Let’s stop this 
monkey business, let’s stop this crazy notion of injecting all this uncertainty into small businesses and make this provision that is bipartisan—this pro-vision that we know creates jobs—let’s make it permanent so that small busi-ness men and women of America can plan their purchases. 
I remember talking to a dealer of 
Case tractors. We make Case New Hol-land tractors in Racine, Wisconsin. We call them Case Magnums. These are phenomenal tractors that increase the productivity of farmers and ranchers. They are also used for construction. Well, it is a pretty big purchase. It is about $200,000, $250,000 for a nice Case Magnum, and it is a big purchase that somebody needs to think about and plan. 
Case, the dealer in Janesville, Wis-
consin, had to wait from December 11 to December 31 to be able to try and 
market these tractors as something that a small business person or a farm-er could actually purchase. Think about the kind of uncertainty you are injecting into the economy when peo-ple cannot think and plan and invest in their businesses because of Congress. 
So what we are simply trying to do 
here is produce certainty so that the men and women on the line in Racine, Wisconsin, making Case tractors can make those tractors and so that the dealers selling those tractors can sell those tractors so the farmers and ranchers and construction contractors can buy those tractors, knowing that this incentive that has been here and not, up and down is there, and they can plan accordingly, so that we can grow the economy and create jobs. 
The purpose of all of this is to get 
people back to work. The purpose of all of this is to recognize that small busi-ness is the backbone of our economy, and one of the biggest things that is threatening small businesses, one of the reasons why we have this middle- income wage stagnation, one of the reasons why we have slower than aver-age economic growth, is because we have all this uncertainty in our econ-omy. 
We need to give businesses certainty. 
We need to help them plan for the fu-ture. We need to stop this crazy game of extending a tax benefit that has been on the books for quite some time one year at a time or retroactive one year at a time and give businesses cer-tainty. 
This notion that not raising taxes is 
all of a sudden some tax cut that one must pay for is a notion that we just completely disagree with, which is a difference of opinion between ourselves and the other side of the aisle. 
And so I urge adoption of this Tiberi 
bill to extend the 179 limit to $500,000, to make it permanent and help small businesses grow and create jobs. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Last year, as we remember so well, 
Republicans reacted to the tax reform proposal from then-Chairman Dave Camp with a ‘‘blah, blah, blah, blah.’’ That reception, echoed in the overall chilly reaction of the Republicans, stemmed in part from that plan’s hon-esty. 
Chairman Camp had pledged not to 
increase the deficit with his proposal. To achieve that goal, he played it straight—at least within the first 10 years. He proposed a tax on banks that 
drew cringes from his fellow Repub-licans. He put forward a surtax on the highest earners—essentially, a third tax rate. And he eliminated one of the most widely used provisions in the Tax Code: the State and local sales tax de-duction. In the process, he paid for making permanent tax provisions like the bill before us today, this single piece of legislation costing about $80 billion alone. Like it or not, it was at least some-
what honest accounting. And so started a Republican ploy to get around the hard realities of tax reform. The gist of that ploy: take a number of provisions separately, make them permanent, and don’t pay a dime for them. Not a dime. The reason? The expectation of needing to raise less revenue in tax reform would allow Republicans to more easily cut tax rates. 
Republicans feared that by trying to 
pay for their tax cuts—and they still do fear this—by shifting to the highly uncertain dynamic scoring may not be enough. So they are further trying to rig the system with baseline games and making permanent tax provisions out-side of tax reform. 
Not having to pay for $800 billion 
worth of tax extenders made perma-nent would make it easier for Repub-licans to lower taxes, especially on higher income taxpayers, carrying out further their trickle-down tax policies. It would allow them to avoid having to end the abuse of tax savings and incen-tives to ship jobs overseas. 
By massively increasing the deficit— 
this is so important—through perma-nent unpaid-for tax revisions, Repub-licans could later cite this debt that they created as a reason to take a hatchet to programs like Head Start or fail to adequately fund the vital re-search at the National Institutes of Health. The President blew the whistle on that scheme—the rigging of the sys-tem and sound policy—with support from Democrats. Last year, the ploy was stopped in the Senate. 
But here, House Republicans are 
going at it again—before even hinting, by the way, what tax reform might look like; there is no H.R. 1 for tax re-form this session—throwing to the wind the statement of the chairman of our committee, Mr. R
YAN, about trying 
to find common ground on common as-pects of tax reform, at the same time betraying the GOP preaching on fiscal responsibility. 
As chairman of the Budget Com-
mittee, Mr. R
YAN never assumed tax 
extenders would be a permanent part of the Tax Code. Otherwise, he would never have been able to say he bal-anced the budget in 10 years. 
So what the chairman of the Ways 
and Means Committee is proposing now is the opposite of the approach he pur-sued as the chairman of the Budget Committee. 
The bill before us on section 179 ad-
dresses an important subject. It is pri-marily available to small and middle- 
sized businesses. It will likely be part of any tax reform. And until then, it will be renewed. That is certain. 
Republicans control this House, and 
they control when renewal would occur, absent tax reform, but this pro-vision deserves not to be left out of a tax reform process. It should give care-ful and comprehensive consideration of all the tax provisions in our Code. 
So maybe the best way to expose this 
Republican gambit is for editorial writ-ers to use their pen and for others to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.006 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1043 February 13, 2015 
use social media, tweeting to Repub-
licans this message: Stop your efforts at congressional alchemy. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND), a 
very active and distinguished member of our committee. 
b0930 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
friend from Michigan for yielding me this time. 
It is kind of amazing, Mr. Speaker, 
that today, although it won’t be re-flected in the final vote count of the legislation before us, there actually is a lot of common ground that exists in this Chamber. 
I couldn’t agree more with my friend 
and colleague from Wisconsin, the chairman of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, that our Nation is in desperate need of comprehensive tax reform. We have an a old, antiquated Tax Code that is not fair. It is too complicated. 
It is leading us in a less competitive 
position in the global economy, and it is long overdue for a thorough scrub-bing and a review so that we can sim-plify it, lower the rates for businesses— large and small—and for our families back home, and lead us in a more com-petitive position. 
I am concerned that the approach 
that the majority is taking undermines that attempt. This legislation and the legislation that was before us yester-day and the legislation that will be coming up as soon as we get back from the President’s Day recess is probably the surest signal that the majority in the Congress, just 6 weeks into this new session, is punting on comprehen-sive tax reform because this isn’t the way to do it. 
To cherry-pick certain provisions 
where, policywise, it may make sense and there is great agreement behind the policy of what is being offered, not paying for it undermines the ability for us to comprehensively reform the Code, making the difficult decisions so we don’t leave a legacy of debt for future generations. 
My name is on these bills today. I 
have teamed up with Representative T
IBERI from Ohio when it comes to the 
expensing 179 allowance. I think it makes sense with small businesses and family farmers in Wisconsin and throughout the country to have that cash flow, to have that certainty built into the Code, to make sure that they can immediately expense the invest-ments that they are putting into their business which can help to grow the economy and create jobs. 
I have teamed up with my friend 
from Washington State (Mr. R
EICHERT ) 
on S corp modernization, but between those bills, it is an $80 billion cost, ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office, and no effort to find an offset or a pay-for to deal with it, and that is a 
missed opportunity because this really does come down to fiscal responsi-bility. 
My friend from Wisconsin was once 
quoted as saying, ‘‘The people deserve a government that works for them, not one that buries them in more debt.’’ 
We couldn’t agree more with that 
sentiment; yet we have got an example of how well Pay-As-You-Go budgeting can work. During the 1990s, when there was a spending increase offered or a tax cut offered, there had to be an offset to pay for it, and it helped lead, along with a growing economy, 4 years of budget surpluses when we were paying down the national debt, rather than adding to it, but somehow, that ele-ment of fiscal discipline and responsi-bility is absent in the legislation that is before us today. 
We can move forward as Chairman 
Camp did last year in offering his dis-cussion draft on comprehensive reform by making difficult decisions within the Tax Code, finding expenditures that are inefficient and not necessary to promote growth and job creation, and make those decisions while we re-form the entire Code. 
That is the approach that we should 
be taking rather than piecemealing very popular proposals, mind you, but doing it in a way that leaves a legacy of more deficits and more debt for fu-ture generations to grapple with but also undermines the baseline that we need, the tools that we need to do com-prehensive reform the right way. 
I would encourage my colleagues— 
maybe they are doing it because they know it is a message piece rather than a real, substantive proposal. Again, we couldn’t agree about the need for greater certainty, more predictability in the Tax Code so our businesses can start making longer-term decisions and 
not worrying about whether Congress is going to get its act together at the end of the year and extend short-term measures like this. 
But the way to do that is in com-
prehensive reform and making the dif-ficult decisions that will have to be made, so we don’t pile up the debt for future generations. 
Again, the policy behind this 179 S 
corp modernization, I think it is in the right place. We have got to find a way to pay for it. 
I encourage my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no.’’ Let’s get back to the real busi-ness of reforming a Tax Code that is long overdue. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. At this 
time, Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the distinguished House 
majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank more than just the gentleman for yielding. I want to thank him for his work as chairman on the Committee on Ways and Means, knowing where they are going. 
We have to reform the Tax Code if we 
are going to grow this economy, and our chairman we have today, that has 
been his life’s work. There is no one better poised and in a better position of understanding to finally get this done, and I am excited about what the future brings. 
Today, we are talking about some-
thing much different. Today, we are talking about something that is al-ready in the Code, something that helps bring job growth because it is about small business, and the worst thing about small business is to ever have uncertainty. 
So this Congress wants to be a new 
American Congress. They don’t want to have uncertainty for small businesses. They are taking up an issue much ear-lier so you can plan for the future, so you can make that hire and grow. 
Now, why do I care so much about 
this? Many of you don’t know, but I started my first business when I was 19. I got a little luck of winning a lottery. I was saving my money in summer. I took my money out of the stock mar-ket, and I took a big risk and took my time out of college. 
It is not easy opening a small busi-
ness. I even built the counter of my business in my dad’s garage, trying to save money, but the values I learned in that small business are the same val-ues that every small business owner in America learns: you are the first one to work, you are the last one to leave, and you are the last one to be paid. 
The last thing a small business needs 
is more uncertainty from their govern-ment of changing the Tax Code or even whether it is going to go forward. 
Today is a day not to debate. Today 
is a day to invest in America’s small businesses. As I have said a few times on this floor, these are things that should unite us, not divide us; but in this new American Congress, I think we have something different, Mr. Speaker, in the idea of putting veto threats from this administration. 
Just moments after we passed an-
other bipartisan bill on the floor to help the food banks, the charitable giv-ing, for those are the most vulnerable across our Nation, this administration offered a veto threat on helping small businesses. I take those seriously. 
As the majority leader, I want to un-
derstand. I want to work with anyone that wants to work with us, so I read the veto threat to understand where could we make something better, where had something gone wrong, be-cause this was already in law. 
Mr. Speaker, the administration’s 
veto threat, on the President’s reasons why: first, he says that the House didn’t pass a bill last Congress that he wanted; and, second, he said Congress might pass bills in the future that he doesn’t like. How does that create any jobs in America? 
Mr. Speaker, that sounds more like a 
schoolyard argument than a debate on the floor of the House. I think it is time the people grow up, understand where jobs are created, understand what uncertainty does across America, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.014 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1044 February 13, 2015 
not in my district, but in every district 
that is represented here today. 
As someone who is a former small 
business owner, knows the challenges, knows what he has to do to hire some-one, I ask that we look in a new Amer-ican Congress to put people before poli-tics and pass this bill, so we can grow America’s economy. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
myself such time as I shall consume. 
I say to the majority leader: this 
isn’t about small business. We favor 179. This is about monkey business, monkeying with procedure, doing the opposite of what the chairman did when he was chairman of the Budget Committee, of trying to rig the system. I wish the majority leader would have cited the entire Statement of Adminis-tration Policy. I assume he read it all. 
Here is what it said on behalf of the 
President: 
‘‘If this same, unprecedented ap-
proach of making certain traditional tax extenders permanent without off-sets were followed for the other tradi-tional tax extenders, it would add $500 billion or more to deficits over the next ten years, wiping out most of the deficit reduction achieved through the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2013. 
‘‘The Administration wants to work 
with the Congress to make progress on measures that strengthen the economy and help middle-class families, includ-ing pro-growth business tax reform. However, H.R. 636 represents the wrong approach.’’ 
That is what the President is talking 
about, and it is really sad when the majority leader comes here and mis-represents what the administration has said. 
We want to work together. We want 
to find common ground. The answer today is, from the Republicans: Forget about common ground, common ele-ments; stop working together; we’ll do it our way; don’t worry about tax re-form now, we’ll worry about that later. 
That is what really this is all about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), a member of the Ways and 
Means Committee, the author of this legislation, be allowed to manage the time for our side of the aisle. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I thank the chairman for his leader-
ship in the area of tax reform and enti-tlement reform. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is not 
monkey business. This is serious busi-ness, kind of de ´ja`vu all over again. We 
have now been at trying to do com-prehensive tax reform for 5 years, and we should continue to try to do it, but our constituents shouldn’t be held hos-tage for the lack of the ability for us to get it across the finish line. This is bi-
partisan. 
Let me remind my friend from Michi-
gan that the provisions in these bills that I am sponsoring today were part of a package that was being negotiated to be made permanent by a bicameral, bipartisan group of legislators in De-cember, Democrat leadership and Re-publican leadership, before the Presi-dent stepped in and said ‘‘no.’’ 
He said ‘‘no’’ to constituents of mine 
like Claggett & Sons, a general con-tractor. I will tell you what the con-troller of Claggett & Sons said about section 179. This is what he said: 
It is an important part of our decision-
making process when evaluating equipment purchases. 
He went on to say that making the 
increased expensing levels permanent, as this bill does, will be beneficial for capital purchases planning for small businesses. 
Let me tell you, when you look at 
section 179 in particular, Mr. Speaker, we had section 179 at this level, sup-ported by Democrats and Republicans alike, for 2014. On December 11, 2014, we gave our constituents 20 days to take advantage of this provision, as we have done now 12 times on a temporary basis since 2003. 
Claggett & Sons couldn’t take advan-
tage of it. My friends have heard about my constituents, farmers Tom and Judy Price, about buying a combine, waiting to see when we would make this permanent or reextend it. 
b0945 
We gave them 20 days to make that 
decision—20 days. That is no way to run a railroad, none at all, Mr. Speak-er. 
I understand the points that the 
other side has made. I want tax reform in a comprehensive way as bad as any-body. The two aren’t mutually exclu-sive here in terms of, we can do this, give our small business owners and farmers the type of certainty they need that will help our economy grow, that will help their businesses grow, rather than do what we have done for 12 years now—over 12 years—making these tem-porary provisions, extending them for a year or two at the end of the year. That is just no way to do this. 
So, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf 
of small business owners like Claggett & Sons and farmers like Tom and Judy Price, I urge us to move the ball for-ward. We can chew gum and walk at the same time. We can do this, and we can move on to try to find common ground on comprehensive tax reform. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self 30 seconds. 
I say to my friend from Ohio, you are 
running this railroad. If you want to wait until December, that is your deci-sion. It wasn’t ours. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cin-cinnati, Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the chair-man of the Committee on Small Busi-
ness. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank Mr. T IBERI for yielding 
me this time. 
One of two Americans gets up each 
day and heads to a small business. That is where they work. Small firms are critical to America’s success. They create seven out of every 10 new job op-portunities and provide the means for millions of our neighbors to put a roof over their head and food on their table and to get ahead in life. 
The bill before us today would help 
those small businesses and the working families that rely on them by providing much-needed certainty. It would make permanent several tax policies that end up being retroactively applied anyway at the end of every year, but not with-out scrambling at the eleventh hour. We have all seen this happen year after year after year. Let’s give these small businesses all over the country the cer-tainty that they need. 
These provisions will help small busi-
nesses purchase equipment and tech-nology to grow and create more jobs; and, after all, that is what we on both sides of the aisle say we are after is creating more jobs in this economy. Right now businesses are oftentimes operating in the dark. They don’t know whether they will be able to utilize these progrowth tax provisions or not. That lack of certainty discourages growth, and it discourages job cre-ation. Passing this bill will make it easier for small businesses to plan for the future, knowing that Washington won’t pull the rug from under them. 
As chairman of the House Committee 
on Small Business, I strongly support this measure and any measure that re-moves barriers to small business job creation. This bill provides relief to our Nation’s small businesses and will re-sult in more opportunities to working families all over this country. 
I would like to thank my colleague 
from Ohio, Mr. T
IBERI , for his leader-
ship on this legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ). 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congressman L
EVIN for this oppor-
tunity to speak. 
There has been some talk as to 
whether or not the Democrats have fi-nally recognized the importance of the deficit and the debt and that since we are going to pass these bills anyway, because there is a negative feeling that we are not going to have tax reform, I assume, that we might as well give some confidence to our small business people that they will have this tax in-centive. 
Well, that is a way of thinking, but it 
would appear to me that if we can forgo going through the regular proce-dure in order to give, at this stage of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.009 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1045 February 13, 2015 
our political calendar, the incentive 
now, I have heard no reason—and I hope I will—as to why we cannot close the loopholes that exist in the Tax Code now. 
It seems to me that it goes without 
dispute that we have trillions of dol-lars—certainly hundreds of billions of dollars—in the Tax Code that Repub-licans and Democrats believe shouldn’t be there. While we are anxious to re-duce the corporate tax so that we are not embarrassingly the highest in the entire world, we also know that there are so many corporations that don’t pay any taxes at all. How can we ig-nore that? 
If we can say that we are going to go 
into debt for a trillion dollars by exten-sions, why can’t we say we are going to pay for it by closing the loopholes? It is clear to me, if we want to make cer-tain steps in advance of a comprehen-sive tax reform, that we just can’t pick that part that business wants as an in-centive and at the same time not look at the part that business really is tak-ing advantage of loopholes that the Congress has provided. 
So we cannot charge the corporations 
with being un-American because they are not paying taxes. It is our responsi-bility to have a Tax Code, as FOX would say, that is fair and balanced. 
But this whole idea of not extending 
the things that people need, such as education, the homeless, the infra-structure, all of the things that can make America greater, to select out the low-hanging fruit for tax reform and leave the hard work as to how we are going to raise the money to pay for it for later does not make any legisla-tive sense. So that if we are being charged with being too fiscally respon-sible because we are concerned as to what this is doing to our national debt, then help us to raise the funds that are there that are not difficult to recog-nize. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. RANGEL. We do recognize that 
we have to close these loopholes. 
And I might say that it appears as 
though the corporations and the busi-nesses that receive these obscene tax benefits are the ones that actually con-tribute the most to the parties that legislate. I am not saying there is a connection, but there is a perception that those people that give high con-gressional campaign funds are the ones that receive high tax benefits. Cer-tainly it goes without saying that those who are not doing well as relates to fairness and equity in the tax sys-tem are those people who don’t hire the accountants and the lobbyists. 
So let’s be fair and balanced and say 
that if you are going to extend our gov-ernment to this liability fiscally, then we can raise some money at the same time by closing the tax loopholes. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), who represents a 
number of newly created small busi-nesses with the energy boom. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the sponsor of this important legisla-tion for yielding the time. 
I just have to respond to the most re-
cent speaker, who I believe is sincere in his concerns, but we are not talking today about corporations and loop-holes. We are not talking about edu-cation and homelessness. Those are im-portant things that we want to work with them on. We are talking today about small business. 
I found it sort of disturbing that the 
ranking member said that today is not about small business; it is about mon-keying around with procedures. Are we so wed to our procedures that that is more important than small businesses? 
I also have to say that, for me, in my 
town halls, in my Coffee with Cramer sessions, my regular town halls—I had more town halls than any Member of Congress last year—the number one issue that is raised not by corporations but by small family business men and women, largely farmers and ranchers, is the issue of 179 expensing and the un-certainty that is created by mid-De-cember extensions to the previous year. Maybe if they are lucky, the farmer gets to buy a new combine for Christmas. 
But it is about more than even the 
farmer or the snow removal business person that needs to buy a new snow blower or the lawn care businessman that needs to buy a new mower. It is about more than the implement deal-ers. It is about more than even the Case IH plant or John Deere plant or the Melroe Bobcat plants in North Da-kota. Those are important. But it is also about the mechanic that works at the implement dealership, who is one paycheck away from not being able to feed his family. It is about the res-taurant owner, the cafe owner in a small town who feeds breakfast and lunch and dinner and, yes, occasionally mid-morning coffee over the shaking of dice to that farmer, to that implement dealer, to that mechanic that benefits from the dynamics—the dynamics—of an economy that, yes, provides this, not a loophole, this appropriate deduc-tion in the year in which a piece of equipment is purchased. It makes all the difference in the world not to cor-porate America, but to middle class families, hardworking farmers and ranchers and mechanics and snow re-movers and landscapers and all kinds of middle class working people in America. 
Let’s do the right thing. Let’s make 
this incremental step toward com-prehensive tax reform and do the thing that I know we all know is the right thing to do. Let’s pass this bill. Let’s pass it in the Senate. Let’s get it on the President’s desk and appeal to him for common sense. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. N
EAL), who heads up one of our subcommittees as ranking mem-
ber. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. 
LEVIN for yielding to me. 
I want to speak specifically to what 
the previous gentleman has just stated. I had not intended to speak because I am going to offer the motion to recom-mit on our side, but the gentleman ap-peared in his commentary to belittle the notion of procedure. 
Procedure in this institution is sac-
rosanct based upon the rules that we adopt in the earliest moments of the new Congress. I was struck by the no-tion that we should just cast aside and denigrate procedure. That is how the institution operates, based upon proce-dure, established precedent, and settled law. 
To suggest that somehow we could 
just offend procedure, we remind our-selves of what has happened to this in-stitution during the last two decades when virtually all the Members on both sides got elected by running against the institution. They could never step away from the campaign rhetoric to get on with actual govern-ance of the institution. Procedure in this institution means that we adhere to a prescribed set of rules and orders and, yes, goodwill. 
Now, again, I had not even intended 
to get up and talk about this issue, ar-cane as it might seem, but it underlies the whole notion of a representative democracy and a duly elected legisla-tive institution. Procedure, the basic tenet of which is, oftentimes: Shall the institution simply concur with a mo-tion to proceed? That is the antecedent of the term, ‘‘procedure.’’ That is how the body works. 
Today, fundamentally what is being 
proposed here and what we object to in no small measure is the violation of the whole notion of procedure. 
b1000 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. I now yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), another distinguished mem-
ber of our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we 
come today in the midst of a debate at a time when there are wide areas of agreement in this Congress about things that we should do to help im-prove the country. We all acknowledge the importance of tax reform. Many people in this Chamber, on both sides of the aisle, have a lot of time and en-ergy invested in it. And in the other Chamber, they are establishing work-ing groups to explore the challenges. The administration has set reform pro-posals in its budget that could be a basis of discussion in moving forward. Our past chairman produced a substan-tial draft and was, sadly, maligned for, in fact, achieving his objective of a sig-nificant reform that was revenue-neu-tral. 
And what we are seeing today is an-
other in a series of bills that have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.010 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1046 February 13, 2015 
nothing to do with really achieving 
that objective. In fact, they run con-trary to past reform efforts. 
Yesterday in committee, we marked 
up something that has broad agree-ment in terms of helping deal with problems of deductibility for sales tax in States that don’t have income tax. This was an area that was dealt with by the gentleman from Michigan, then- Chairman Camp, in his reform bill. Our current chairman has called for a dif-ferent treatment. We understand there are challenges dealing with it. But all of a sudden, we are just moving that forward too, and that is on the con-veyor belt that is moving forward. 
I think it makes a mockery of the 
process that it takes to reform the tax process, wherein we have so far already approved over $300 billion that, if ap-proved, would add to the deficit. Now, mercifully, I don’t think they are going to be enacted anytime soon, but it sets us back for the long-term objective and confuses what we could be doing. 
I find this at stark variation with 
how we deal with another area that used to be a bipartisan area of con-sensus, and that is providing funding for infrastructure to rebuild and renew the country. 
It was interesting, we have a high-
way trust fund where the current fix runs out this spring. The highway trust fund will be literally going broke by early June. Some States have already listed the projects they have as sus-pended or canceled due to this uncer-tainty. And more will act as it becomes clearer that we are in a pickle, and Congress has not yet moved forward. 
Last summer, when Congress strug-
gled to pass the 23rd short-term exten-sion to our transportation program, now-Chairman R
YANsaid that it is im-
portant that we follow ‘‘a House budget rule that requires general fund trans-fers to the trust fund to be fully offset. It should not become a recurring prac-tice for taxpayers to bail out the high-way and transit programs because Con-gress and the President are unable to make the changes necessary to avoid future trust fund insolvency.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Kind of a dif-
ferent approach. 
Here, we roll through, add to the def-
icit, make tax reform more com-plicated, and the Republican-controlled Congress has yet, in the entire 50 months that it has been in charge, to have even a hearing on a proposal that is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the AFL–CIO, truckers, AAA, transit, local government, envi-ronmentalists, and mirrors something that Ronald Reagan did 33 years ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I suppose we have to go 
through this exercise. And we will do it, and we are going to see that there is kind of a two-track system. 
If you are on the conveyor belt for 
things that they want to move, it will go forward—consequences to the deficit 
be damned—even if it makes more dif-ficult long-term tax reform and repudi-ates things that have had bipartisan interest in the past. 
In the meantime, things that have 
broad support, that have profound ef-fects on the economy right now and impact people from coast to coast, lie dormant, and we are manufacturing another crisis. 
Oh, and before that, we are going to 
have an artificial crisis with disability funding because of a switch in the rules for those that don’t get this favored treatment. 
There is a reason that we have got 
this gulf in terms of our inability to work together. There is a reason be-cause there is a gap between those in-come disparities, failing to deal with policies that would narrow them rather than widen them. And I hope that we can get past this today and at some point get back to basics on things that will make us stronger, that can bring us together, and make our families safer, healthier, and more economi-cally secure. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. R
YAN), the chairman of the 
Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I don’t think I will use all that time. I appreciate the generosity of the gen-tleman. 
I am intrigued by this debate and the 
so-called admonishment from the mi-nority as to how this jeopardizes tax reform and how it is not being bipar-tisan. 
Let me see if I can bring some clarity 
to this debate. I interpret what was just said as, if you don’t agree with our higher taxes, if you don’t—before nego-tiating tax reform—agree to our terms of the debate, then you are not being bipartisan. 
Look, when we were in the minority, 
we made similar arguments as well, which were: surrender your beliefs, sur-render your principles, agree with us, and then we can be bipartisan. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, I was born at night, but I wasn’t born last night. That is not how negotiations occur. That is not how you find common ground. Finding common ground isn’t surrendering your ground and agreeing to the other ground. Finding common ground is saying, where do my principles and your principles intersect, overlay, and what can we do? 
Just so you understand, Mr. Speaker, 
here is what this is about: the premise that the minority is offering is, these tax provisions that we all agree on, that we think are good, that we think help the economy, but that have, in law, expiration dates when they expire and those taxes go up, we don’t think that is good. 
And the minority is saying: If these 
things expire and go up, we don’t want that to happen. So we will work with you and make sure that they don’t ex-pire on a year-by-year basis. And we are fine. But if you dare try to make 
these things that we all agree on, that need to stay in the Tax Code, perma-nent, you are not paying for it. It is a budget-buster. You are being irrespon-sible. You are jeopardizing tax reform. Process, process, process. 
Here is the problem. What we are try-
ing to do here, we are trying to grow the economy. We are trying to get peo-ple back to work. We are trying to in-crease take-home pay. We are trying to honor and respect the hardworking taxpayers who sent us here in the first place. 
So what we don’t want to do is tell 
all those small business men and women in America, wait until Decem-ber, and then we will let you know what your Tax Code is going to look like. What we want to tell the small business men and women in America is: Washington is out of your way. You can go plan, and you can grow, and you can invest, and you can hire. That is what we are trying to achieve here. 
And this idea that not raising taxes 
is somehow a big, giant tax cut is an idea and a premise that we don’t agree with. What we are being told here is, if we don’t agree with that, then we are jeopardizing tax reform. Baloney. 
The irony of this issue is compounded 
by the fact that the minority is telling us already—in their statements from the White House, in their budgets— that there are temporary provisions in the Tax Code that they like that aren’t bipartisan, that they are saying make them permanent and don’t pay for them. So they are cherry-picking, se-lective memory. It is an argument, quite frankly, that I don’t think holds water because what we are doing here today, we are bringing certainty to the Tax Code. We are helping job creators and taxpayers and families. And we are doing it in a way that we think is hon-est, we think is fair, and we think ad-vances tax reform. 
The way to find common ground is 
not to ask the other side to surrender their beliefs, surrender their principles, and agree with the other side, and then you can get along. That is not how you find common ground. That is not bipar-tisanship. That is surrender. Nobody is asking anybody to surrender, at least we are not. 
So what I would argue to my col-
leagues is, support this. Just show the small business men and women in your district that you are there for them, that you don’t want to keep doing this to them, which is projecting all this uncertainty. 
The other point I would make—and 
my friend from Oregon, who really is my friend; he is a sincere legislator who does his job very well, cares very dearly about his district—the argu-ment he makes about tax cuts expiring doesn’t jibe with the spending argu-ment he is making. 
Let me give you a case in point. 
Trade Adjustment Assistance, the farm bill, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, all of these are spending pro-grams that have expiration dates, just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.016 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1047 February 13, 2015 
like provisions in the Tax Code that 
have expiration dates. And when these things on the spending side of the ledg-er book expire and Congress extends them, it doesn’t cost. It is not meas-ured in the baseline as costing any-thing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
OLD). The time of the gentleman has 
expired. 
Mr. TIBERI. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. But God for-
bid if something in the Tax Code ex-pires, you had better raise taxes on somebody else if you want to keep that provision. 
So just understand the argument 
that is being brought to the floor here. They are saying, in order to keep taxes the same for charities and small busi-nesses, you have got to raise taxes on some other hardworking taxpayer out 
there. That is the argument that is coming here. And if you don’t agree with that, then you are not being bi-partisan, and you are not facilitating tax reform. We just don’t agree with that. 
So we are bringing our ideas to the 
floor. We are bringing our proposals to the table. And in the interest of grow-ing the economy and finding common ground, this is what we are doing. 
We encourage the other side of the 
aisle to bring their ideas to the floor, to bring their ideas to the committee, to bring their ideas into the public sphere so we can see where they line up and what we can do and where common ground might exist. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I shall consume. 
Mr. Chairman, we are not suggesting 
you surrender your ground for 1 minute, not for 1 second. What we are saying is, let’s search for common ground, and don’t you come here and cut out pieces of it, piece by piece. That is what we are suggesting. 
In terms of a 1-year basis, we are say-
ing, do things comprehensively like your predecessor did. 
This isn’t a matter just of process, 
process, process. It is a matter of pol-icy, policy, policy. That is what this is all about. 
You come forth, and you then talk 
about wage inequality. What have you brought up here that relates to that? We are trying to get a vote, for exam-ple, on minimum wage. You won’t even allow us a vote. Give us a vote. 
You talk about TAA. The rules apply 
there. And we could go into the details in terms of whether it is authorized for a certain period of time, and after that, then if it is permanent, it becomes part of the baseline. 
What you are trying to do today is 
essentially rig the system. You want to do it with dynamic scoring. And now you essentially want to take each of these pieces, make them permanent, unpaid for, to put them in the baseline. You did not do that when you were chairman of the Budget Committee. 
You talk about honesty. I won’t use 
that word because I totally respect your honesty more than that. I think it 
is hypocritical. 
b1015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Will the 
ranking member yield? 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. The budget 
resolution reflects law as it is. The budget resolution reflects the CBO as it gives us baselines and laws. What we are doing here are our policy pref-erences. What we are doing here is what we think that law ought to be, not what it is. The budget resolution is: here is the law, there it is. 
What we are trying to do here is fix 
the law because we think the law is broken. We think the law doesn’t work. 
Mr. LEVIN. Well, here is the prob-
lem: you took the baseline in the budg-et, and you don’t want to take it for this. You want to squeeze $800 billion permanently unpaid for, change the baseline, and that increases the deficit by that amount, and then you use that deficit to squeeze out needs, whether it is NIH or whatever it is. Infrastructure has been mentioned here also. 
We don’t have the money for that. It 
is hypocritical to do one thing in one committee and another thing in an-other committee. It is not only hypo-critical, it is a very dangerous ap-proach. 
That is our answer. I am not sug-
gesting you surrender for 1 minute, but don’t take pieces out of ground that we want to be common. That is what you are doing, and that is why it is anti-thetical to tax reform. That is why Dave Camp came here with a com-prehensive program, and you guys didn’t like it. 
You said, ‘‘Blah, blah, blah, blah.’’ 
That was the Speaker, and others of you did not like it—the bank tax—so you don’t want to do it comprehen-sively at first. You want to do it piece by piece. That is bad policy, it is bad for the deficit, and it is bad for the hopes for tax reform. 
If you want me to surrender time, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair and not to other Members in the second person. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, as a 
Roman Catholic, I find it interesting that Mr. Camp is a saint now that he is gone. I would like to remind my col-leagues that Mr. Camp worked for sev-eral years on comprehensive tax reform with little help from the other side. When I say ‘‘the other side,’’ I mean the White House. It was 4 years into his chairmanship that he released a draft. 
The new chairman has been in the 
job for about 42 days, so let’s give him some time to work on a comprehensive draft which he said and has continued to say that he can do while we make some important provisions that have been bipartisan that is about putting money in people’s pockets. 
Everybody knows we have had the 
worst job recovery in my lifetime—the worst. This provision has been around 
for a long, long time. We know it works—liberal economists, conserv-ative economists—expensing works. It works for small businesses. Small busi-nesses hire people. 
By the way, many small business 
owners and many farmers pay their taxes quarterly. Most of us have our taxes taken out of our paycheck every time we have a paycheck. 
Imagine the debate that we would be 
having on the floor today if every American had to send in their taxes quarterly. These small business owners and farmers are at the heart of our economy in trying to improve our economy—improve our economy, grow our economy, and hire more people. We are all for that. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. I say to the gentleman 
from Ohio, I favor 179, not doing it piecemeal unpaid for this way. 
By the way, this is not the worst job 
recovery. There has been an increase in jobs in the last month, month after month. The problem is it hasn’t lifted the incomes of middle-income families. Let’s get together to do that. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), who has been working on 
small business—maybe you will tell us how many years—a few. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Sixteen. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the bill before us today. As we all know, small businesses are critical to sustaining our economic growth, and it only makes sense to cater our eco-nomic policy to meet their needs. 
Congress needs to continue pro-
moting our ultimate goal of providing small firms with certainty and sim-plicity in our Tax Code. Expanding sec-tion 179 permanently is one way to ac-complish this goal. 
Unfortunately, H.R. 636 neglects 
other important provisions in the Tax Code benefiting small firms. What about R&D tax credit or modernizing the depreciation schedule? 
These are important tax reforms that 
small businesses have been asking for, for so long, but here we are again en-acting a piecemeal tax bill that does nothing to accomplish our bipartisan goal of passing comprehensive tax re-form. 
Republicans love to claim that they 
are fighting for small businesses when it is convenient for them. However, to-day’s bill doesn’t provide enough for small firms, and it certainly doesn’t meet what the other side of the aisle claims is the most important policy tenet: fiscal responsibility. 
This bill will add $77 billion to our 
deficit—so much for fiscal responsi-bility. 
While I applaud the effort and agree 
more can be done to help small busi-nesses, we must enact smart, com-prehensive tax reform that truly ad-dresses small business needs. 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.013 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1048 February 13, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I would 
ask if the other side is ready for clos-ing. We have no more speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
We have debated this now for 2 days. 
The issue isn’t whether 179 is a useful provision. It is. It will be continued. That can be sure. It should not be con-tinued essentially forever unpaid for, adding to the deficit, eroding the chances for tax reform, but this really isn’t about 179. 
The purpose of bringing up this and 
other provisions outside of tax reform is really essentially to rig the system. It is to play games with the system. It is to try to change the rules so that es-sentially, if you make it permanent un-paid for, it goes into the baseline; and therefore, after that, you don’t have to pay for it. 
That is what this is really all about. 
It means you can do other things like reducing tax rates mainly for the very wealthy, having more room to do that, not having to worry about the money to pay for that because you haven’t used the money to pay for the extend-ers. That is really what this is all about. 
It wasn’t done in the Rules Com-
mittee by Chairman R
YAN. It should 
not be done now. Mr. Speaker, the Re-publicans are trying to adjust the rules, to change them, so that they can proceed with their approaches. It isn’t forthright, and it isn’t honest. 
They are worried the dynamic scor-
ing won’t be enough, so essentially, they are trying to do dynamic things— so-called—with the basis. All of that really is contrary to sound policy, it is contrary to the rules, and it is really contrary to the search for bipartisan-ship. 
We will sit down tomorrow and talk 
about 179 as an important part of tax reform. We will do that tomorrow. We haven’t even started on tax reform. Now, you essentially want to say we will cut some pieces, and we will do that. That is not sound policy. As Mr. N
EAL said, it really abrogates sound 
practice. That is what this is all about. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge very much that 
we vote ‘‘no.’’ There will be, one way or another, enough votes if this ever got through the Senate—and it won’t—to sustain a veto. Don’t play games. Let’s address tax reform and responsibility in terms of the deficits. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this isn’t a 
game. This is reality. This is Ground-hog’s Day. We have been doing this for 12 years. You go ask somebody who is trying to run a business in America on Main Street—they want certainty, they don’t want retroactivity. 
Heck, we got 10 months left in the 
year. They would like longer than that. Their business cycle is longer than 10 months. Their business cycle is years. 
Go ask an accountant at a business in terms of how they have to plan. The rules are rigged against them. The rules—the chairman talked about the rules. 
I am going to underline and bold this. 
Imagine this: this provision is expired, and my colleagues in the minority are concerned about adding to the deficit because this provision that expired on December 31, we are trying to renew without raising taxes on other people. 
When spending expires, the chairman 
mentioned a few of those programs, and we renew them at the same level, it doesn’t add to the deficit. Think about that. Go talk to some constitu-ents at a diner on Main Street in any of our districts and see if they think those rules are fair. They are paying the bill. They are paying all of the bill. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have got to 
get things done. We have to get things done. The American people are count-ing on us to get things done. This is as common ground as there is in our Tax Code when it comes to trying to help job creators create jobs. 
I don’t know anybody who wants a 
minimum wage job. I know people who want jobs that pay more than the min-imum wage. I had a minimum wage job once. I wanted to make more than that. That wasn’t my goal. My goal was to make more money than min-imum wage. 
Each and every one of us knows 
somebody who can’t find a job who wants a job. I know people who want to create more jobs and have their busi-nesses grow. This provision, ladies and gentlemen, we know this provision helps people get jobs. It doesn’t have to be that hard. We can walk and chew gum. 
Mr. Speaker, we can lay the ground-
work for comprehensive tax reform, but we need partners. We need partners in the Senate, and we need partners in the White House. 
The White House has said they are 
for C corp reform. Well, as everybody knows, this provision is going to help a lot more than just C corps. It is going to help small businesses that are pass-through entities, S corps, limited li-ability companies, and mom-and-pop small businesses on Main Street. We cannot wait. These people have waited long enough. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we need long- 
term certainty. This is an important step to comprehensive tax reform—a very important one—that we need to pass and get on our business to getting to comprehensive tax reform. 
b1030 
So I would plead with my friends in 
the minority, let’s put aside this rhet-oric; let’s move toward this; let’s pass this bill. 
We had a debate last summer that is 
reminiscent of debate today, and we al-most got there, ladies and gentlemen. Democrats in the Senate, the Demo-crat majority leader, our chairman at the time, Dave Camp, were negotiating 
the framework of what some now are being critical of that would create per-manency for policy provisions that we are debating today. 
We know Democrats are for this, 
under the right circumstances, exactly how this is written. So let’s put aside all those things, and let’s do work today that is good for America and good for Americans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, because I was 
attending the President’s cybersecurity summit 
in California, I was not present when the House voted on H.R. 636, the America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015. 
I support many of the goals of the tax provi-
sions in this bill and recognize the value of ex-tending them permanently, but I am concerned that H.R. 636 does not pay for them. I am a strong supporter of helping small businesses succeed. Small businesses power the Amer-ican economy, and some of the provisions in this bill will help these small companies re-main healthy, but this one-sided approach of passing bills that offer tax reductions without increasing revenues is unsustainable. 
H.R. 636 will add $79.2 billion to the deficit 
over 10 years and puts further pressure on the United States’ domestic discretionary priorities. By bringing this and similar tax extender bills to the floor or votes, Republicans continue to demonstrate that they are not serious about deficit reduction. It is long past time for Con-gress to have a reasonable and informed de-bate on comprehensive tax reform. These piecemeal, unbalanced extender votes are not the way to approach real tax reform. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 101, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-
tion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. NEAL. I am opposed to the bill in 
its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Neal moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
636 to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 6. NO INCREASE IN DEFICIT OR DELAY OF 
COMPREHENSIVE TAX REFORM. 
Nothing in this Act shall result in— 
(1) an increase in the deficit, or (2) a delay or weakening of efforts to adopt 
a permanent extension of the provisions of this Act, so long as it is accomplished in a fiscally responsible manner. 
SEC. 7. SHORT-TERM EXTENSION WHILE COM-
PREHENSIVE TAX REFORM IS UNDER CONSIDERATION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act, any temporary provision of law the application of which is otherwise made per-manent under this Act shall be hereby only extended for 1 year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.018 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1049 February 13, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a 
point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman 
from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
(Mr. NEAL asked and was given per-
mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed to this bill in its current form. I would remind my colleagues that this amendment to the bill will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately pro-ceed to final passage, as amended. 
Now, I must tell you that I, having 
served on the Ways and Means Com-mittee for a long time, think that we should label tax reform as ‘‘Chairman R
YAN’s tax reform by ambiguity.’’ 
I can’t figure this out. We have a set 
of final decisions that are putting ours in front of the discussion and the de-bate. Mr. R
YAN stands and says: You 
are supposed to stick to your prin-ciples; you are supposed to stick to your beliefs; you don’t need bipartisan-ship. And the majority leader ad-dressed the House 10 minutes before, blaming the President because he sticks to his beliefs and he sticks to his principles and he adheres to some basic policy tenets. 
Well, this is Friday the 13th. What an 
appropriate way to discuss tax reform. But I have figured out what the prob-lem is. They, on the Republican side, are now afraid of doing tax reform. They must be afraid of what they see as the luck that might come to the Democratic Party based on tax reform. 
Let me say this today, right now. 
Every Democrat in this institution fa-vors 179 and favors expensing for small businesses. If anything, we would ex-tend the principle beyond its current form so that we might include even more individuals. 
But like garlic to the vampire, the 
permanent unpaid-for extension of these tax bills harms bipartisan tax re-form because it goes out of its way to violate not just procedure, but some-thing that is elusive and hard to put our arms around in this institution, and it is called the principle of good-will—which, by the way, used to exist, particularly on the Ways and Means Committee. It was the hardest com-mittee to get on. There was deep think-ing that you had to adhere to at vir-tually every tax measure. People spent careers trying to get on and, once they got on, spent careers trying to perfect legislation that might come to the aid of the American family. But not in this instance. 
I heard my friend, Mr. T
IBERI —and he 
is my friend—say a few moments ago, he addressed the issue of the frame-work. Democrats do not object to the framework that David Camp used—or as Mr. T
IBERI called him, Saint David 
Camp—to do fundamental tax reform. We strongly endorse the principle of-fered by Chairman Camp of framework and procedure. He included Democrats 
right through the whole discussion. And then when it failed—and inciden-tally, as I told you it would. When it failed, Mr. Camp said: Well, we have to do the extenders. 
So there is a bit of amnesia at work 
here today. They were in charge when we had to do the extenders in, what we might call in New England with Super Bowl champions, the 2-minute warning. That is precisely what happened. We had to do this at the very end after the referee came in and said: If we don’t get this done quickly—and, by the way, another group that they disdain, the IRS, because the IRS said, for the 2- minute warning, what? They simply said to us: You will not be able to pre-pare tax reforms for April if we do not get this done right now. So succumbing to what had been a very good frame-work, we had to do tax extenders be-cause the Republican Party rejected David Camp’s tax reform proposal. 
Now, our proposal here is essentially 
the same. And Mr. T
IBERI is correct 
when he says everybody here favors 179. What we object to is you are going to borrow the money to end up paying for it because you violate the prin-ciples that in one moment you adhere to and in the next moment you relin-quish. 
We might think, on this side, tomor-
row is Valentine’s Day. There could have been some goodwill established here today. There could have been some common ground as we go forward on tax reform. 
I saw how Mr. Rostenkowski did it 
when I joined the committee; I saw how Mr. R
ANGEL did it. And do you 
know what? I saw how Mr. Archer and Mr. Camp did it. They were institution-alists by nature. They would not have done what is being done today. All four of those individuals would have said: Well, first of all, to make it work and to make it great, it has to be bipar-tisan in nature as you relate to tax re-form. 
When you hear about tax reform in 
’86, one of the things that comes to mind immediately is the fact that it was done with President Ronald 
Reagan and Speaker Thomas O’Neill. 
Let me say something, Mr. Speaker. 
As upset as I am today by the manner in which this is being offered, I want to say to our Republican colleagues, Happy Valentine’s Day. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw 
my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of a point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I claim the 
time in opposition to the gentleman’s motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TIBERI. I thank the gentleman 
from New England and oppose his mo-tion. 
I don’t want to deflate anybody’s 
honor today. Let me just clarify what I said about Mr. Camp and his draft. What I said is—because the gen-
tleman is right. He was fully engaged in a very comprehensive way, as were others on the committee with Chair-man Camp and me and others. But Mr. Camp had one partner in the Senate that he was working with, a very im-portant one; unfortunately, got sent to China, and at that point all opportuni-ties with the other very important body kind of evaporated. And remem-ber, 4 years—actually, his start was when he was actually ranking member, he started putting together a com-prehensive draft. I think that is impor-tant to note. 
I really appreciate the gentleman’s 
attempt today because, remember, last year, last summer, the gentleman cor-rectly observed that this was a waste of time because we are just going to do this retroactively at the end of the year. We could have broken that cycle last year. It took Chairman Camp and Majority Leader R
EIDin December to 
almost do it. They almost got there. They almost broke the cycle. 
We can still break that cycle. We can 
still stop this vicious cycle of 1 year here, 2 years there, retroactive here, and provide certainty and get to the business of comprehensive tax reform. We can do all that, but we have to pass this bill first and make it permanent. 
I oppose the motion. This is simple: 
permanency versus 1 year. 
Happy Valentine’s Day. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 173, nays 241, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 81] 
YEAS—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.021 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1050 February 13, 2015 
Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Brown (FL) 
Cartwright DeLauro Duckworth Eshoo Franks (AZ) Gosar 
Hinojosa Honda Lee Lofgren Mulvaney Pearce 
Price (NC) Roe (TN) Ruiz Speier Swalwell (CA) 
b1106 
Messrs. BOST, MULLIN, 
FLEISCHMANN, WESTMORELAND, and HUIZENGA of Michigan changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 272, noes 142, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 82] 
AYES—272 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—142 
Adams Bass Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) 
Edwards Ellison Engel Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.005 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1051 February 13, 2015 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Brown (FL) 
Cartwright Costa DeLauro Duckworth Eshoo Gosar 
Hinojosa Honda Lee Lofgren Mulvaney Pearce 
Price (NC) Roe (TN) Ruiz Speier Swalwell (CA) 
b1113 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 158, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 40, as follows: 
[Roll No. 83] 
AYES—233 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Ca´rdenas 
Castro (TX) Chabot Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cohen Cole Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Himes Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight 
Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) 
Nadler Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) 
Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—158 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Bass Benishek Bera Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Conyers Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dold Duffy Ellison Ellmers Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Gibbs Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Huizenga (MI) Hunter Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lawrence Levin Lewis LoBiondo Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley Meehan Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schock Schrader Sewell (AL) Shuster Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—40 
Blackburn 
Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Chaffetz Costa Cramer DeLauro DesJarlais Duckworth Eshoo Gohmert Gosar 
Granger Grijalva Hinojosa Honda Hudson Johnson, Sam Katko Lee Lofgren Meadows Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Noem Pearce 
Price (NC) Quigley Richmond Roe (TN) Ross Ruiz Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Vela Westerman 
b1122 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and so I missed the following votes: rollcall vote No. 81 regarding the ‘‘Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 636’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’. 
Rollcall vote No. 82 regarding the ‘‘Amer-
ica’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
On Approving the Journal on February 13th, 
2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, 
FEBRUARY 13, 2015, TO TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 2015 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 17, 2015, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning- hour debate not apply on that day. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
P
OLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Okla-homa? 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
UNITED STATES GROUP OF THE NATO PARLIAMENTARY ASSEM-BLY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary As-sembly: 
Mr. T
URNER , Ohio, Chair 
Mr. J OHNSON , Ohio 
Mr. M ILLER , Florida 
Mr. M ARINO , Pennsylvania 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Kentucky 
Mr. C OOK, California 
Mr. K INZINGER , Illinois 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.006 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1052 February 13, 2015 
4355(a), and the order of the House of 
January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-bers on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: 
Mr. P
OMPEO , Kansas 
Mr. W OMACK , Arkansas 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACAD-EMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-bers on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy: 
Mr. Y
OUNG , Indiana 
Mr. R OONEY , Florida 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD ACADEMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Coast Guard Academy: 
Mr. S
MITH, Nebraska 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-bers on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Air Force Academy: 
Mr. L
AMBORN , Colorado 
Ms. M CSALLY , Arizona 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MA-RINE ACADEMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 51312(b), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Merchant Marine Academy: 
Mr. K
ING, New York 
f 
HONORING COACH DEAN SMITH 
(Mr. WALKER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to honor a great man who left his mark—in fact, a legacy—on our State 
of North Carolina. 
Coach Dean Smith retired as the 
winningest coach in FBS history, but many will remember Dean Smith as a pioneer in another arena. Dean grew up in a home that valued the inalienable human dignity conferred upon us by our Creator. 
When Coach Alfred Smith, Dean’s fa-
ther, brought a young African Amer-ican student on to his high school team, he did so against the wishes of the State’s athletic association. By speaking truth to power, Alfred Smith stood up for a principle that he knew was right. No doubt this had a profound impact on his son, Dean. 
Years later, Coach Dean Smith 
helped integrate ACC basketball by re-cruiting UNC’s first African American player, Charlie Scott, in 1966. 
During his tenure, the greatest ri-
valry in college basketball became Duke and UNC. In fact, Coach K of Duke University said it best: 
While building an elite program at North 
Carolina, he was clearly ahead of his time in dealing with social issues. However, his greatest gift was his unique ability to teach what it takes to become a good man. That was easy for him to do because he was a great man himself. 
Thank you, Coach Smith, for your in-
vestment into basketball but even more into the lives you touched. 
f 
b1130 
MILITARY VOICES CAMPAIGN 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor the men and women from my district in Nebraska who have served and continue to serve our coun-try. Often their service keeps them from their families for extended peri-ods of time and too often leaves them with unnecessary obstacles to over-come when they return home. 
For that reason, I am proud to an-
nounce that my office is launching our Military Voices Campaign. Over the next 6 weeks, my team and I will be meeting with folks in the military community on ways that we can help men and women who serve. Our goal is to build a network of support through-out the Second Congressional District. 
Nebraska is home to some of the fin-
est men and women to serve this coun-try, and our entire congressional dele-gation is committed to giving them the benefits and opportunities that they have earned. 
f 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX 
RELIEF ACT OF 2015 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to applaud the House for passing America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015. I want 
to thank Congressman T
IBERI , Chair-
man R YAN, and leadership for their 
work to pass this important piece of legislation. 
If we want the United States to con-
tinue as the most productive economy in the world, we need to modernize our Tax Code. Allowing businesses to plan ahead and allocate their resources will generate wealth, jobs, and a higher standard of living for everyone. 
Making section 179 of the Tax Code 
permanent is one way we can do this. Section 179 enables companies to accel-erate depreciation of new and used equipment that is purchased and put into use during the same year. This ex-pensing can stimulate business invest-ment by reducing the cost of capital and increasing cash flow. 
Investing in the future of America is 
critical to long-term growth and eco-nomic prosperity for all. I urge my col-leagues to join me in support of this important legislation. 
f 
MARINE DISEASE EMERGENCY 
ACT 
(Mr. HECK of Washington asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, part of the wonder of being a kid is discovering the world around us, you know, feeling the trunks of trees, pick-ing up sticks, going to the beach, and picking up whatever you find, over-turning rocks and looking for crea-tures. But around the Puget Sound and on the Atlantic coast and the Pacific, marine disease is ravaging sea stars, just like this, 20 species dying quickly, literally melting away. 
When disease like this breaks out, 
how are we going to stop it? The truth of the matter is we have absolutely no system in place to respond—none. So today I introduce the bicoastal, bipar-tisan Marine Disease Emergency Act. 
The Marine Disease Emergency Act 
speeds up the process to address these outbreaks, providing the right re-sources and the right time to the sci-entists and researchers so that they can respond quickly. Responding fast is crucial to preventing widespread expo-sure or, worst case scenario, extinc-tion. 
I ask my colleagues to please join me 
in supporting the Marine Disease Emergency Act. 
f 
THE FIGHT AGAINST PANCREATIC 
CANCER 
(Mr. SALMON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, every 
day more than 116 people are diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. During my first tenure in Congress, I worked very closely with Dr. Sydney Elias Salmon, founding director of the Arizona Can-cer Center. Together, we were able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\H13FE5.REC H13FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1053 February 13, 2015 
ensure American cancer patients re-
ceived greater access to lifesaving clin-ical trials. Shortly thereafter, pan-creatic cancer claimed his life. 
Pancreatic cancer is the fourth dead-
liest cancer in the U.S. and the only one of the four that does not have a known cure. In fact, in the last 5 years, 92 percent of those that have been diag-nosed with pancreatic cancer died dur-ing the first year of their diagnosis. 
Sadly, pancreatic cancer is one of the 
few cancers for which the survival rate has not substantially improved over the last 25 years. It is time that we eradicate the scourge of cancer once and for all. We must again focus Amer-ican ingenuity, dedication, and re-sources in the fight against cancer, particularly pancreatic and lung can-cers that have lagged behind in diag-nosis and survivability. It is vital that Congress champion early detection and research during the 114th Congress. 
f 
CONSIDERING THE NEEDS OF ALL 
AMERICANS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly, over the last 2 days, voted for a temporary extension of the small business tax exemption and the food in-ventory charitable exemption because I realize that America has many needs that have to be addressed, food stamps that have been denied to many people with a $40 billion cut in the last Con-gress by my friends on the other side of the aisle. I realize that if we continue in the mode of a permanent tax exemp-tion, where will the funding come from? Social Security? Medicare? Med-icaid?—a variety of needs that our community has. 
So today I want to make sure that 
the $1.5 trillion debt that we have, that is now $440 billion, that we continue to be responsible and be concerned about our children’s education and about 
health care and about many other things. So today we must stand, con-sidering all the needs of Americans. 
Finally, let me say that I represent 
an area that is trying to protect Freed-men’s Town bricks laid or bought for by freed slaves. I believe we should come together in the city of Houston with our Freedmen’s Town coalition and those citizens in that area and let’s resolve this. Let’s do trenching, pre-serve the bricks, and provide a quality infrastructure program that I have helped fund by Federal dollars. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF FITZHUGH 
FULTON 
(Mr. KNIGHT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of the loss of a true American hero. Colonel Fitz Ful-ton lost his life on February 4 of this year, and we lost the true ‘‘Dean of Flight Test.’’ The aerospace community mourns 
his passing. He had 23 years of service in the Air Force as a colonel and 20 years with NASA. Colonel Fulton was responsible for flying the YF–12 or, as some people would know, the SR–71, the XB–70, the B–52, and many other aircraft in his 16,000 hours in the air. 
Where I got my connection to Colo-
nel Fulton was he was the B–52 pilot for dropping my father in the X–15 in the middle 1960s during the record flights. 
I will always remember Colonel Ful-
ton as honorable and one of those peo-ple that you just looked at those steely eyes and you knew that he had a true sense of commitment to this country and what we believe in, and this coun-try will mourn his passing. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HENRY 
LOVELACE 
(Mr. D ESAULNIER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the life of Henry Lovelace. Henry was born November 22, 1931, in South Boston, Virginia, and passed away on January 28 of 2015. 
Henry was a vibrant, pleasant, peace-
ful person who always kept a positive attitude. He began to work at the early age of 16 as a schoolbus driver. Henry joined the United States Army in 1950 and was promoted to the rank of ser-geant. He was stationed at Fort Sill Army Base in Oklahoma where he worked as a mechanic. After his mili-tary service, he worked as a public transit bus driver and maintenance worker at a local church in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
In 2003, Henry moved to California to 
be closer to his family. He was a be-loved father of two children, grand-father of six, great-grandfather of eight, and father-in-law to Pete Longmire, mayor of the city of Pitts-burg, California, in my district. He was an avid storyteller, shared stories about his military life, all of his life experiences, and his many travels. He enjoyed meeting new people, going to church every week, riding the public bus, playing checkers at senior centers, and wearing his crisp white dress shirts, ties, and dress hats. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in honoring the remarkable life of Henry Lovelace. I send my deep-est condolences to Henry’s family, friends, and loved ones. 
f 
ANGELMAN SYNDROME 
(Mr. ROKITA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to raise awareness for Angelman syndrome, an extremely rare neurogenetic disorder. This Sunday, February 15, is recognized as Inter-national Angelman Day. Originally described by a pediatri-
cian in 1965, Angelman now affects roughly one out of every 15,000 children or young adults. They are also known as Angels. 
My son, Teddy, is one of those An-
gels. There are hundreds more just like him. My wife and I are extremely blessed by Teddy’s presence in our lives, and we are thankful for the joy he brings. 
In recognition of International 
Angelman Day, I encourage you to join me to increase awareness for Angelman syndrome this Sunday. You can par-ticipate by using the #angelmanday on Twitter and Facebook or by visiting www.angelman.org. 
Together, Mr. Speaker, we can in-
crease awareness and support of Angels everywhere. 
f 
THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the time. 
I would like to begin by yielding to 
my friend from the Georgia delegation, Mr. L
OUDERMILK . 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO TIMOTHY F . JOHNSON  
Mr. LOUDERMILK. I thank the gen-
tleman for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a 
heavy heart to pay tribute to a con-stituent, a friend, and a brother in Christ, Timothy F. Johnson, who, on January 30, left this life to spend eter-nity with our Savior. However, I stand before you today not to mourn the passing of a friend, but to honor a leg-acy, a legacy of a statesman, a soldier, and an American patriot. 
Born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio, 
Tim’s compassion towards others was evident through the earliest part of his childhood. Joining the Boy Scouts, Tim was able to develop his natural leadership ability, which advanced him to the rank of Eagle Scout by the age of 14. After completing college, Tim’s 
passion for service led him to join the U.S. Army, where he rose to the rank of major. 
After a distinguished 21-year career 
as an officer, Tim retired from active military service, but not from commu-nity service. Tim was always com-mitted to excellence. He believed that although we may do good, we can al-ways do better. Not only did Tim dedi-cate his life to the service, he also in-spired others to do the same. 
As a Black American who completely 
understood the vision of our Founding Fathers that all men are created equal, Tim wanted to help other conservative Black Americans to pursue elected service. Believing that actions speak louder than words, Tim cofounded the Frederick Douglass Foundation, which today is the largest Christ-centered, multiethnic Republican ministry in America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.030 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1054 February 13, 2015 
Tim also felt great compassion for 
his fellow veterans, especially those re-turning from combat in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. To better help them transi-tion back to civilian life, Tim accepted an appointment as the chairman of the Georgia Jail Diversion and Trauma Re-covery for Veterans advisory council. 
b1145 
Tim never stopped serving others and 
remained active in minority engage-ment, veterans assistance, and commu-nity service until his passing. 
My friend, colleague, and con-
stituent, Major Timothy F. Johnson lived a life that epitomizes the tradi-tional American values of faith, fam-ily, and freedom. I knew him as a man of strong faith who loved God, his fam-ily, and his country. While he will be missed by many of those whose lives were touched by his service, we are comforted to know that what is our loss is Heaven’s gain. 
Godspeed, Major Tim Johnson. Your 
legacy lives on. 
Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend 
from Georgia. 
This is a country that is about indi-
viduals. It is about individual leader-ship, and it is about individual oppor-tunity. The story you tell of Tim and the impact that he had on people’s lives is going to be known long, long after he has gone to be with our Lord. 
I want to talk about opportunity at a 
much smaller level than what my friend from Georgia was talking about, Mr. Speaker. I want to talk about it in the context of the Keystone pipeline that we passed this week. 
At the end of the day, America is 
about opportunity. And if opportunity doesn’t live here anymore, I am not sure what the point of America is. If freedom doesn’t live here anymore, I am not sure what the point of America is. If families can’t raise their children and believe that their children, if they play by the rules, if they work hard, can create a better life for themselves than their parents had, if you don’t be-lieve that anymore, the promise that is the American Dream is lost. And I think with one minor Federal regula-tion at a time, followed by a couple of major Federal regulations, followed by more minor regulations, we are eroding the ability of our young people to suc-ceed and for their families to succeed. 
The Keystone pipeline we voted on 
this week, Mr. Speaker, it is about em-ployment opportunities. It is a job-cre-ating program. We have dozens upon dozens of pipelines across this country. Why in the world the President has chosen the Keystone pipeline to use as a political football is a mystery to me. 
Building pipelines is honorable work. 
It is hard work. It is often dangerous work. But it is important work that goes to the price of energy in every sin-gle one of our homes back home. 
Having passed it in the Senate, hav-
ing passed it in the House, it now goes to the President’s desk. He could cre-ate jobs tomorrow. It is about energy security, Mr. 
Speaker. It is energy from our friends in Canada, one of our most loyal part-ners across the globe. We need North American energy security. I don’t want to rely on folks across the oceans who oftentimes wish us harm. I want to use those resources here. 
Creating this partnership with Can-
ada gives us that energy security. It is enhanced safety, Mr. Speaker. You don’t think about it. But if we are not moving oil through a pipeline, we are moving it on trains, we are moving it in trucks. Trains and trucks and their safety record, Mr. Speaker, are much less reliable than pipelines, not just in terms of spills but in terms of lives. 
I heard the gentleman from North 
Dakota down here earlier this week, Mr. Speaker. Of course those trucks and trains are moving through his dis-trict. He said if we put in the pipeline instead of using those trucks, lives would be saved. Traffic accidents would be avoided. Lives would be saved, not just oil spills but real human con-sequences. 
We talk about environmental protec-
tion, Mr. Speaker. This is going to be the most advanced pipeline ever con-structed in the United States of Amer-ica. Now that is just the environmental protection of the pipeline. 
We go on to talk about, where would 
that oil be refined if we don’t do it here under U.S. safety and environmental standards? Well, the answer is we are going to ship that overseas. It is going to get shipped to China. It is going to get processed in a much less environ-mentally friendly way. We have an op-portunity to take that step. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, we are talking 
about an exchange with our friends in Canada. Can you imagine if we had a product we were trying to get to mar-ket, and the only way to get it there or the simplest way to get it there was to move it through Canada, and the Cana-dians said: No, I don’t care about your economy, America; I don’t care about jobs in America; I don’t care about your resources; the answer is, no, we won’t partner with you. 
If you read the comments coming out 
of the government in Canada, they are just flabbergasted that all they are asking is for this minor connection into the U.S. pipeline system, and the country they thought was their great friend—America—has been so resistant. For 7 years, we have been waiting on this solution, Mr. Speaker, and finally it has passed in this Congress this 
week. 
I want to talk about what is hap-
pening in this Congress because when you slow down things like the pipeline, Mr. Speaker, you are slowing down America. You are slowing down eco-nomic growth. You are slowing down job creation. 
I have here from Atlanta’s own CNN 
a headline titled: ‘‘Harry Reid: Dems won’t engage in ‘obstruction.’ ’’ This is from November 12, 2014. 
He is making the point as the 
former—at that time, he was the ma-jority leader in the Senate. He is now 
the former majority leader in the Sen-ate. He is making the point that Amer-ica is not helped when the Senate en-gages in obstructionism. He says this: ‘‘I am ready to work with’’ M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL —now the Senate majority 
leader—‘‘in good faith to make this in-stitution function for the American people.’’ In good faith to make this in-stitution function. He says: ‘‘I saw firsthand how a strategy of obstruction was debilitating to our system. I have no desire to engage in that manner.’’ 
I am grateful to H
ARRY REIDfor that 
wisdom. I think he is absolutely right about that. There is a right way and a wrong way to run this institution. He has observed the wrong way to do it. Unfortunately, that was back in No-vember. 
Fast forward to this month, Mr. 
Speaker. Look at the headlines from across the country. Washington Post: ‘‘Senate Democrats should be careful about their filibuster strategy.’’ As you know, the filibuster is the definition of obstruction. It is in full force in the Senate as we sit here today. 
February 4, from The Atlantic: ‘‘The 
new Democratic obstructionists.’’ That is the headline of the article, Mr. Speaker. It was just 3 months ago when Majority Leader H
ARRY REIDsaid: This 
is not the right path for America; this is bad for America. And he was right when he said it. It has taken 3 months for him to change his mind and go in the other direction. 
Politico: ‘‘Democrats learn to love 
the filibuster; party leaders change tune now that they are in minority.’’ Change tune now that they are in the minority. 
Mr. Speaker, America’s needs are no 
less great today. Job creation is no less important today. The American econ-omy is no less fragile today. But the Senate Democratic leaders have changed their tune. 
Finally, back to CNN: ‘‘Democrats 
block funding for DHS to protect Obama immigration orders.’’ What that means, Mr. Speaker, is they have blocked debating the bill to fund DHS, that they are so intent on protecting the President and what he alone has done from the White House, they refuse to even allow the Senate to debate the merits of those issues. 
If this institution is not about de-
bate, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what it is about. 
I begin with that to get us into the 
economy, Mr. Speaker. And I have to tell you, I have the vice chairman of the House Budget Committee down here today, the gentleman from Indi-ana, T
ODDROKITA . 
The Budget Committee right now is 
involved in the gargantuan task of try-ing to balance the Federal budget and present that budget to this House be-fore April. But their task is com-plicated, Mr. Speaker. You can’t see the chart that I have, but their task is complicated because economic growth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.031 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1055 February 13, 2015 
in America is slowing. The obstruc-
tionism in the Senate, the obstruc-tionism from the White House can’t build simple things like the Keystone 
pipeline. 
Do you know, Mr. Speaker, one of the 
greatest public works projects in the history of our Nation, the Hoover Dam? The Hoover Dam was built in less time than it has taken the White House to consider the application for this short pipeline connecting America and Can-ada. We built the Hoover Dam more quickly than we can sign off on the pa-perwork for a pipeline. 
Let me show you what the impact of 
that is. Economic growth—in 2013, Mr. Speaker, CBO projected that GDP would be growing about 3 percent a year, 2.9 to be precise. By last year, in February, when they gave us their pro-jections, they lowered it to 2.5 percent. Today, January 2015, they have lowered it to 2.3 percent. 
Mr. Speaker, that is not just 2.9 to 2.3 
percent. That is trillions of dollars in economic activity. It looks small on this page, but it is giant on the Federal budget, and it is even bigger when you talk about the job creation that hasn’t occurred. It is even bigger when you talk about Americans who are trapped in part-time work. It is even bigger when you talk about young people graduating from college who cannot find a job. That is the impact of ob-structionism. That is the impact of in-action. That is the impact of having a former majority leader, now minority leader, in the Senate who, as the news-paper headlines say, has changed his tune. 
I have heard folks say—I laugh, Mr. 
Speaker. It is not funny. It is sad. But I have heard folks say, Well, what are you complaining about, R
OB? Deficits 
have come down by half in President Obama’s administration. They have come down by half. 
Well, that is true. When I showed up 
here 4 years ago, Mr. Speaker, deficits were at their single highest rate in the history of the Nation. And by ‘‘single highest rate,’’ I mean they were four times higher than they had ever before been. So they have dropped from being four times higher than ever before down to just higher than ever before. You can call that progress, but I don’t. 
I have it charted here as a percentage 
of the size of the economy, Mr. Speak-er. I go all the way back to 1965. We have had Republicans. We have had Democrats. We have had Republicans in Congress, Democrats in Congress; Republicans in the White House, Demo-crats in the White House. This isn’t about the parties. For Pete’s sake, if we look here for the only surpluses in our Nation’s history, it comes at a time when we had—much like we do today—Republicans here in this insti-tution, Republicans in the United States Senate, and Democrats leading from the White House. It was a bipar-tisan way we created some economic growth. 
But what I want you to see, Mr. 
Speaker, is that we come here into the current administration, deficits dra-
matically higher than ever before in American history, dramatically higher. Coming down to the dotted line I have on the chart, Mr. Speaker, is the his-torical average, from 1965 to 2014. 
Now it is embarrassing for the both 
of us that we have to talk about our Nation’s finances by the historical def-icit. Neither one of us came here to be involved in deficit spending. We came here to stop borrowing from our chil-dren and from our grandchildren, to start being responsible by paying the bills today, to improve opportunity in the future, not to diminish and borrow from opportunity in the future. But that has been the historical average. 
What you would see if you could see 
this chart, Mr. Speaker, is that even as the White House is preaching the good news of declining deficits, they have only declined from those record highs. They have declined to a level where they are going to continue to rise again at levels higher than the histor-ical average. 
The President just sent his budget— 
2 weeks ago now, Mr. Speaker, he sent that budget. It arrived here on time for the first time in his administration. I applaud him for that. But it never bal-ances—never, ever. Not this year, not next year, not 10 years from now, not 20 years from now, not 100 years from now. 
The idea of the United States of 
America and the budget that should control it, from the President’s point of view, is a budget that should never, ever balance and, thus, a balance that should continue year after year to bor-row from the prosperity of future gen-erations so that we can spend it on our-selves. That is selfish in ways that I can’t be a part of. 
What is the nature of the problem, 
Mr. Speaker? We are talking about this in the Budget Committee right now. Total spending in this country is about $3.5 trillion this year. The little part that Congress has control over, it is the defense and the nondefense discre-tionary—this little corner of the pie. We are able to control that. 
In fact, Mr. R
OKITA , the vice chair-
man of the Budget Committee, arrived here in 2010, as I did. Every single year since you have been here, leading at the Budget Committee, I would say to the gentleman from Indiana, we have reduced that discretionary spending every single year. It hasn’t been easy. It has been hard, deliberate, bipartisan work. But you have done it because it was the right thing to do. $3.5 trillion is a lot of money. But the small part that you have had control over, you have made a difference in. It is the rest of this pot that continues to grow. 
I yield to my friend from Indiana. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
The gentleman is exactly right. By 
the way, while I am at it, let me just say that the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ), in my humble opinion, 
is a blessing not only for this Congress and for the people of Georgia but for 
this country because of the tenacity you bring, the energy you bring. If I had a list of all the pieces of legisla-tion, all the things that we have gotten done around here for the last 4 years that you and I have been in here, that you have had your fingers on, that you weren’t mentioned about, the work you have done behind the scenes, that list would be very long and would probably go out these doors. 
One of the things that you have done, 
that we have done together, is for the first time since the Korean war, we have cut discretionary spending 4 years in a row. It hasn’t been done since the Korean war. 
b1200 
Now, as you pointed out in earlier 
slides, there is a lot more work to do, and we are going to continue to get to it. We need a partner at some point. We need people to put on what I call their big boy pants and their big girl skirts and get to the bottom of this, and that is getting to a balanced budget. 
I will tell you that this pie chart is 
very good. You are exactly right. Mr. Speaker, Mr. W
OODALL is exactly right. 
The two blue pieces that we pull out for you in this pie chart are what you would get at in a traditional, regular budget process. 
This is what we call our discre-
tionary spending both in the non-defense area and in the defense area. As you can see, it is really no more than one-third—or 40 percent—of our total Federal spending. The rest, all that red that you see there is on what we call autopilot spending because the budget, line by line, doesn’t touch that. Why? Because it is on autopilot. 
That is your Medicare, that is your 
Medicaid, that is your Social Security, and that is your interest that we owe ourselves and other countries for all this debt because that is a contract. That red is just going to continue to grow as a percentage of that pie until it takes up nearly all of it over the next several years. 
Then we are not going to have the 
money we need to spend on the things that constitutionally we need to spend it on, like defense and like some of the other 167 other agencies around here. That is a bad, bad situation. It is unsustainable. 
Until you get to the underlying law, 
that is Social Security, that is Medi-care, that is Medicaid, and that is the other mandatory spending, until you reform those programs, until they fit how we live in the 21st century, so they can be saved for our children and for our grandchildren, then you are really never going to get to balancing the budget or paying down this awful debt. 
I can’t imagine anything more im-
moral than passing on to future Ameri-cans—our children and grandchildren who do not yet exist—this burden. Talk about taxation without representation. 
Well, thank you, Mr. W
OODALL . I ap-
preciate your letting me as a member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.033 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1056 February 13, 2015 
of the Budget Committee, under the ex-
cellent leadership of Chairman P RICE, 
chime in here. We are going to have a budget, the fifth time we will do it in a row here, by the statutory deadline. We intend to get it over to the Senate, and we intend to move this country forward. 
Again, I say, Mr. Speaker, chiming in 
with Mr. W
OODALL , I hope we have a 
partner this time. I hope we have per-sonal responsibility on the floor of this House and the floor of the other Cham-ber. 
Mr. WOODALL. I thank the vice 
chairman of the Budget Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, people think these 
things happen in a vacuum. They don’t. They happen because folks like Mr. R
OKITA take time away from their fam-
ily and away from their constituents back home sometimes to work the long nights and the early mornings it takes to get a budget like this done. 
Just to give you an example, Mr. 
Speaker, I don’t know if you have ever thought about it—$3.5 trillion is the size of our annual spending—annual spending. People often characterize— and I would tell you mischaracterize— Republicans as folks who want to shut down government. That is nonsense. 
You heard the gentleman from Indi-
ana’s heart as he was up here talking about his love for people, the needs that people have, and our opportunity to aid people and their families as they struggle with some of those challenges. We spend $3.5 trillion a year in that ef-fort. 
It is not that we don’t want to spend 
the money. It is that we want to spend it effectively, efficiently, and account-ably. That is all folks ask for back home. They don’t say, Shut the govern-ment down. They say, Spend my tax money effectively, efficiently, and ac-countably—$3.5 trillion, Mr. Speaker. 
If any of the young people who are 
coming to Congress to watch what goes on here on the floor of the House, Mr. Speaker, if any of those young people were born the day that Jesus Christ was born and, beginning on that day, they spent $1 million every day, $1 mil-lion every day, 7 days a week, Mr. Speaker, from the day that Jesus Christ was born until today, they would have to continue spending $1 million a day, every day, 7 days a week, for another 732 years, to spend their first trillion dollars. 
As a Federal Government, we are 
spending $3.5 trillion every year, and we borrowed from those same young people $18 trillion that they are going to have to pay back one day. These 
numbers are mind-boggling, and some-times, I wonder if we as a Chamber, Mr. Speaker, are taking this crisis as seri-ously as we must. 
It is, at its core, a spending crisis. It 
is not a revenue crisis. It is not that $3.5 trillion isn’t enough to handle the needs of this country; it is. This chart, Mr. Speaker, you can’t see it, but it is a historical chart of spending, which is in the red, and revenues, which is in the green. Now, when we have had this big eco-
nomic downturn here, so many families out of work, so many families in part- time work, and so many young people who couldn’t find jobs, revenues abso-lutely went down. 
They went down because there were 
no jobs, and if folks don’t have jobs, they don’t have incomes, and if they don’t have incomes, they can’t pay taxes. We want people to go to work. You can’t pay taxes if you don’t have a job. 
Historically, Americans have been 
willing to pay about 18 percent of GDP in tax revenue, so I draw that line on out for the foreseeable future. 
The red line represents spending in 
this town, Mr. Speaker. The red line represents if we did nothing, if we ad-journed the Congress this afternoon, we went down to Pennsylvania Avenue, we picked up the President, and we all left Washington forever—I was won-dering if there was going to be a loud group of cheers and applause that broke out when I said that, Mr. Speak-er, I am not actually advocating for that—but if that were to happen, the laws that are already on the books have made promises to people that spend the money on this red line, going into historical debt territory, the likes of which we have never seen, and we cannot survive as a nation. 
Spending is the problem. The red line 
is the problem. The green line is what we take from American families in taxes. It has been constant over time— not constant in actual dollars, but con-stant as a percent of the economy. It is the red line that is growing ever faster. 
Now, if you will permit me to scare 
you just a little bit further, Mr. Speak-er, let me talk about interest rates in this country—interest rates in this country. 
This chart right here, you can’t see 
it, again, Mr. Speaker, but it is chart-ing the interest rates that America is paying on its debt. We borrow in all sorts of different instruments from short-term, week-long instruments, all the way up to 30-year instruments. I put on the 3-month bills and our 10- year notes on this chart. 
This chart covers most of my life-
time, Mr. Speaker. In fact, it goes a lit-
tle further than my lifetime. What you are going to see, Mr. Speaker, going all the way back to 1965, it is charting the 3-month bills and the 10-year notes. 
This is where we are today. This is 
where we are today, and what you see here, Mr. Speaker, is that we are at the lowest level of interest in the history of our country. In the history of our country, we have never paid less on Federal debt than we are paying today; yet we have never had more of it. 
What do you think is going to hap-
pen, Mr. Speaker, when these low in-terest rates that we have today return to these historically high levels? In fact, The Economist, as I pointed out here in blue, projects that interest rates will return. 
By return, I mean that our 10-year 
notes are going to more than double, I mean the 3-month bills are going to 
more than sextuple. We are talking about an interest rate explosion around the corner, Mr. Speaker, that we are not going to be able to sustain. 
Now, let me take you back to what 
we are spending here today. As we sit here today, we are spending $229 billion in interest on our national debt—$229 billion—while we are at the lowest in-terest rates in American history. 
Now, if the rates on those 10-year 
notes are going to double, if the rates on those 3-month bills are going to sex-tuple, what do you think 229 billion changes into within the next 3 or 4 years, Mr. Speaker? 
It doesn’t change into 300 billion. It 
doesn’t change into 400 billion. It goes northward to $500 billion in interest. In fact, as the President lays out his budget, we are looking at almost $1 trillion a year in interest payments within the next 10 years, in a single year, at year 10. 
One trillion dollars, Mr. Speaker— 
enough money to pay for all of our na-tional security, enough money to pay for all of the Medicaid program and the Medicare program, enough money to pay for the entire Social Security Pro-gram for a year, we are going to throw it away in interest payments because we didn’t have the discipline to control spending in this bipartisan Congress that we have. 
The lowest interest rates in Amer-
ican history, Mr. Speaker, every econo-mist projects a rise, doubling to sex-tupling in the next 10 years. 
We are only borrowing money, Mr. 
Speaker, because we have lots of spend-ing going on. There are those who be-lieve that the more we spend, the bet-ter results we are going to get. I want to tell you that is nonsense. 
If this Chamber were full to capacity 
today, Mr. Speaker, and we asked folks to have a show of hands of when was that great time in the American econ-omy they remember, when were the cares of whether or not you could af-ford to pay your house note, whether you could afford to pay your car note, whether you could afford to take care of your children, when was the time that those cares were the least? 
I daresay most of the hands would 
think back to the 1990s. Whoo, the 
economy was on fire. You remember that. The stockmarket was on fire, you had to hide under a rook to keep from finding a good job—again, Republicans controlling this institution, Democrats in the White House. We were working together to constrain spending to grow the economy. 
This chart that I have here, Mr. 
Speaker, shows per capita spending. It is not really meaningful to talk about spending in the abstract. It all distills down to an individual man, an indi-vidual woman, an individual family, what are we spending on individuals here in this country? 
This is Federal outlays per indi-
vidual. You will see a constant increase going back to the Truman administra-tion. This is World War II, where we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.034 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1057 February 13, 2015 
were really fighting for the future of 
not just the Republic, but of the world, going through the Truman administra-tion and the Eisenhower administra-tion. This is per capita spending. You see that it increases as inflation does, as government does. It just naturally rises little by little, year after year. 
What you will see, Mr. Speaker, if 
you look here at the Clinton years in blue, that in those years that Ameri-cans would look back on with fondness and contentment, those years where the cares of the world seemed just a lit-tle bit lighter on their shoulders, we weren’t spending more from Wash-ington, D.C. It didn’t require more spending from Washington, D.C. 
The stimulation of the economy is 
not dependent on spending from Wash-ington, D.C. In fact, arguably, it is the opposite. The more Washington sucks out of America, the less that individual Americans have to grow their families, grow their businesses, and expand their opportunities. 
It is meaningful to me, again, you 
think about the Reagan years, you think about the first Bush years, and you think about the Clinton years, the economy was on fire and spending from the Federal Government held constant. 
Fast forward to today, Mr. Speaker, 
you see spending begin to grow out of control. It happened in the Bush years. Again, this is not a partisan problem, this is an American problem. 
Spending began to grow. We are 
fighting a war on terror. Folks are be-ginning to worry about their families and worry about their jobs. Spending today continuing on that rise—well, continuing until I arrived here in 2010, until you arrived here in 2014, when the cavalry arrived here to say, Wait a minute, I know the challenges are vast, but we can’t just push the can down the road; we can’t pass our problems on to the next generation; we have to con-front those problems together. 
That is what we have been doing in 
this budget. 
Mr. Speaker, this chart shows if we 
do nothing, if we do nothing, if we never make another promise—and the budget the President just sent us is full of new promises to the tune of about $2 trillion over the next 10 years—if we never make another promise, if all we do is keep the promises we already made, if we never pass a new law or a new bill to do something else, simply by the force of the laws already on the books, debt grows to levels higher than we borrowed as a nation to defeat the Nazis in World War II. 
Think about that, Mr. Speaker. I was 
down in front of the White House. I had some friends in town. I took them down to see the White House. All Americans ought to make that jour-ney. It is the center of the executive branch here in Washington, D.C. 
We walked over to the Old Executive 
Office Building because that is a fabu-lous, fabulous building. On the front steps of the Old Executive Office Build-ing, they have two cannons from the Spanish-American War, 1898, and they 
have a little plaque there on the fence. 
Of course, you can’t get through the 
fence. In fact, they pushed you back a little further now with the new Secret Service regulations, but you can see the plaque hanging there on the fence. It says that we used to have more than 20 of these historic cannons around town, dating back to the Revolu-tionary War, but during World War II, we melted most of them down to be a part of the war effort. 
b1215 
Think about that. In World War II, 
the situation was so dire, Mr. Speaker, we were going around to our national monuments, we were going around to our Nation’s history, and we were find-ing anything made of iron or steel, and we were melting it down. Because World War II wasn’t a fight; it was the fight for freedom on the planet. 
And amidst that terror, ration 
stamps across the land, folks standing in lines for food at the end of the Great Depression, amidst all of that turmoil, all of that crisis, arguably the greatest crisis not just this Nation has known but that the world has ever known, America borrowed about 100 percent of the size of its economy. That is a heavy load, but it was for an important cause. 
As we sit here today, Mr. Speaker, we 
have borrowed about three-quarters of that same load. And if we change no law and if we make no new promises, we will borrow not one time, not two times, not three times, but four times more than we borrowed to defeat the greatest evil the world has ever known, just to keep the lights on in the United States of America. That is dangerous and it is irresponsible. 
Mr. Speaker, you can count on a 
budget coming to the floor of this House. It is going to be here. I would guess it is going to be here on the floor by the end of March, because certainly we will have it here by April. It is going to be a budget that brings us back to balance, and it is going to be a budget that makes the hard decisions that have to be made. 
No one is saying don’t invest in 
America. What they are saying is don’t let growing interest payments on irre-sponsible borrowing push out the room in the budget to invest in America. Do you know we are investing less in America today, Mr. Speaker, than any other time in my lifetime? We are in-vesting less. Now, we are spending more, but we are investing less be-cause, as I showed you on that pie chart earlier, Mr. Speaker, what we are spending on isn’t investments in Amer-ica. It is income maintenance pro-grams. 
If we do nothing, revenues continue 
and debt grows out of control. 2046, Mr. Speaker, about the time you are enter-ing your retirement, dead at 250 per-cent of GDP. 
Spending $3.5 trillion today—today— 
at the lowest rate of interest the coun-try has ever known, and today, in that most favorable of environments, Mr. 
Speaker, we are almost spending more on interest than we are on our Med-icaid program, the health care program that covers children and the poor across this land. We are spending more to pay our creditors than we are to pro-tect our children’s health—and that is at the lowest rates of interest the country has ever known. 
It only grows, and that is if the only 
thing that changes are the interest rates, Mr. Speaker. That is if we stop borrowing more money. But the Presi-dent projects to borrow half trillion after half trillion after half trillion after half trillion. In fact, as I said, the budget he presented never ever, ever comes to balance. It borrows year after year after year after year, as far as the eye can see. 
I don’t argue that that is not the 
easier decision to make today, Mr. Speaker. It is. Doing nothing is always easier than doing the heavy lifting. Spending and borrowing more, always easier than tightening your belt and making the tough calls. Sacrificing our children’s future so that we don’t have to make those tough decisions today, that may be the easy call, but it is im-moral. It is immoral, Mr. Speaker. 
We have been able to cut budgets, as 
the gentleman from Indiana said, 4 years in a row for the first time, for the first time in my lifetime. We are moving the needle, but there is more to do. And it can’t be done alone. It can’t be done with just Republicans, it can’t be done with just Democrats, and it can’t be done with just the Congress. It requires the House Republicans and Democrats, it requires the Senate Re-publicans and Democrats, and it re-quires the President of the United States to come together to make those decisions that matter. 
Mr. Speaker, we will be talking a lot 
more about this in the coming weeks. I want to make sure that every Amer-ican has all the answers they need about how we are trying to prioritize in this budget. 
But I want to be clear: the days of 
kicking the can down the road ended when Republicans took over this Chamber in 2011. The trust and con-fidence that we have earned in a bipar-tisan way over the last 4 years, we are going to continue today, and Senate willing—going back to the obstruc-tionist provisions I noted at the very beginning of this hour, Mr. Speaker— Senate willing, we will conference the first budget, agree on the first budget, have the first American budget in my entire tenure in Congress. 
The House has always done its job. 
This year, we have an opportunity to have the Congress do its job collec-tively, and I look forward to that con-clusion. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I am grateful 
to you for being down here with me this afternoon, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.035 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1058 February 13, 2015 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ETHICS FOR THE  
114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ETHICS , 
February 13, 2015. 
Hon. K AREN HAAS, 
Clerk of the House, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMS. HAAS: I am submitting the 114th 
Rules for the Committee on Ethics to be sub-mitted to the Congressional Record. 
Thank you for your cooperation in this 
matter. 
Sincerely, 
C
HARLES W. D ENT, 
Chairman. 
Enclosures. 
(Adopted February 12, 2015) 
FOREWORD  
The Committee on Ethics is unique in the 
House of Representatives. Consistent with the duty to carry out its advisory and en-forcement responsibilities in an impartial manner, the Committee is the only standing committee of the House of Representatives the membership of which is divided evenly by party. These rules are intended to provide a fair procedural framework for the conduct of the Committee’s activities and to help en-sure that the Committee serves well the peo-ple of the United States, the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Members, officers, and employees of the House of Representatives. 
P
ARTI—G ENERAL COMMITTEE RULES  
RULE 1 . GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) So far as applicable, these rules and the 
Rules of the House of Representatives shall be the rules of the Committee and any sub-committee. The Committee adopts these rules under the authority of clause 2(a)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, 114th Congress. 
(b) The rules of the Committee may be 
modified, amended, or repealed by a vote of a majority of the Committee. 
(c) When the interests of justice so require, 
the Committee, by a majority vote of its members, may adopt any special procedures, not inconsistent with these rules, deemed necessary to resolve a particular matter be-fore it. Copies of such special procedures shall be furnished to all parties in the mat-ter. 
(d) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber shall have access to such information that they request as necessary to conduct Committee business. 
RULE 2 . DEFINITIONS  
(a) ‘‘Committee’’ means the Committee on 
Ethics. 
(b) ‘‘Complaint’’ means a written allega-
tion of improper conduct against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Rep-resentatives filed with the Committee with the intent to initiate an inquiry. 
(c) ‘‘Inquiry’’ means an investigation by an 
investigative subcommittee into allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives. 
(d) ‘‘Investigate,’’ ‘‘Investigating,’’ and/or 
‘‘Investigation’’ mean review of the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives that is conducted or authorized by the Committee, an inves-tigative subcommittee, or the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee. 
(e) ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of the Office 
of Congressional Ethics. 
(f) ‘‘Referral’’ means a report sent to the 
Committee from the Board pursuant to House Rules and all applicable House Resolu-tions regarding the conduct of a House Mem-
ber, officer, or employee, including any ac-companying findings or other supporting documentation. 
(g) ‘‘Investigative Subcommittee’’ means a 
subcommittee designated pursuant to Rule 19(a) to conduct an inquiry to determine if a Statement of Alleged Violation should be issued. 
(h) ‘‘Statement of Alleged Violation’’ 
means a formal charging document filed by an investigative subcommittee with the Committee containing specific allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives of a violation of the Code of Official Conduct, or of a law, rule, regulation, or other standard of con-duct applicable to the performance of official duties or the discharge of official respon-sibilities. 
(i) ‘‘Adjudicatory Subcommittee’’ means a 
subcommittee designated pursuant to Rule 23(a) that holds an adjudicatory hearing and determines whether the counts in a State-ment of Alleged Violation are proved by clear and convincing evidence. 
(j) ‘‘Sanction Hearing’’ means a Committee 
hearing to determine what sanction, if any, to adopt or to recommend to the House of Representatives. 
(k) ‘‘Respondent’’ means a Member, officer, 
or employee of the House of Representatives who is the subject of a complaint filed with the Committee or who is the subject of an in-quiry or a Statement of Alleged Violation. 
(l) ‘‘Office of Advice and Education’’ refers 
to the Office established by section 803(i) of the Ethics Reform Act of 1989. The Office handles inquiries; prepares written opinions in response to specific requests; develops general guidance; and organizes seminars, workshops, and briefings for the benefit of the House of Representatives. 
(m) ‘‘Member’’ means a Representative in, 
or a Delegate to, or the Resident Commis-sioner to, the U.S. House of Representatives. 
RULE 3 . ADVISORY OPINIONS AND WAIVERS  
(a) The Office of Advice and Education 
shall handle inquiries; prepare written opin-ions providing specific advice, including re-views of requests for privately-sponsored travel pursuant to the Committee’s travel regulations; develop general guidance; and organize seminars, workshops, and briefings for the benefit of the House of Representa-tives. 
(b) Any Member, officer, or employee of 
the House of Representatives may request a written opinion with respect to the propriety of any current or proposed conduct of such Member, officer, or employee. 
(c) The Office of Advice and Education may 
provide information and guidance regarding laws, rules, regulations, and other standards of conduct applicable to Members, officers, and employees in the performance of their duties or the discharge of their responsibil-ities. 
(d) In general, the Committee shall provide 
a written opinion to an individual only in re-sponse to a written request, and the written opinion shall address the conduct only of the inquiring individual, or of persons for whom the inquiring individual is responsible as em-ploying authority. 
(e) A written request for an opinion shall 
be addressed to the Chair of the Committee and shall include a complete and accurate statement of the relevant facts. A request shall be signed by the requester or the re-quester’s authorized representative or em-ploying authority. A representative shall disclose to the Committee the identity of the principal on whose behalf advice is being sought. 
(f) Requests for privately-sponsored travel 
shall be treated like any other request for a written opinion for purposes of paragraphs 
(g) through (l). 
(1) The Committee’s Travel Guidelines and 
Regulations shall govern the request submis-sion and Committee approval process for pri-vately-sponsored travel consistent with House Rules. 
(2) A request for privately-sponsored travel 
of a Member, officer, or employee shall in-clude a completed and signed Traveler Form that attaches the Private Sponsor Certifi-cation Form and includes all information re-quired by the Committee’s travel regula-tions. A private sponsor offering officially- connected travel to a Member, officer, or em-ployee must complete and sign a Private Sponsor Certification Form, and provide a copy of that form to the invitee(s). 
(3) Any individual who knowingly and will-
fully falsifies, or who knowingly and will-fully fails to file, a Traveler Form or Private Sponsor Certification Form may be subject to civil penalties and criminal sanctions pur-suant to 18 U.S.C. 1001. 
(g) The Office of Advice and Education 
shall prepare for the Committee a response to each written request for an opinion from a Member, officer, or employee. Each re-sponse shall discuss all applicable laws, rules, regulations, or other standards. 
(h) Where a request is unclear or incom-
plete, the Office of Advice and Education may seek additional information from the requester. 
(i) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber are authorized to take action on behalf of the Committee on any proposed written opinion that they determine does not require consideration by the Committee. If the Chair or Ranking Minority Member requests a written opinion, or seeks a waiver, exten-sion, or approval pursuant to Rules 3(m), 4(c), 4(e), or 4(h), the next ranking member of the requester’s party is authorized to act in lieu of the requester. 
(j) The Committee shall keep confidential 
any request for advice from a Member, offi-cer, or employee, as well as any response thereto. Upon request of any Member, offi-cer, or employee who has submitted a writ-ten request for an opinion or submitted a re-quest for privately-sponsored travel, the Committee may release to the requesting in-dividual a copy of their own written request for advice or submitted travel forms, any subsequent written communications between such individual and Committee staff regard-ing the request, and any Committee advisory opinion or travel letter issued to that indi-vidual in response. The Committee shall not release any internal Committee staff work product, communications, or notes in re-sponse to such a request, except as author-ized by the Committee. 
(k) The Committee may take no adverse 
action in regard to any conduct that has been undertaken in reliance on a written opinion if the conduct conforms to the spe-cific facts addressed in the opinion. 
(l) Information provided to the Committee 
by a Member, officer, or employee seeking advice regarding prospective conduct may not be used as the basis for initiating an in-vestigation under clause 3(a)(2) or clause 3(b) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, if such Member, officer, or em-ployee acts in good faith in accordance with the written advice of the Committee. 
(m) A written request for a waiver of 
clause 5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule), or for any other waiver or approval, shall be treated in all respects like any other request for a written opinion. 
(n) A written request for a waiver of clause 
5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule) shall specify the nature of the waiver being sought and the specific circumstances justi-fying the waiver. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.014 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1059 February 13, 2015 
(o) An employee seeking a waiver of time 
limits applicable to travel paid for by a pri-vate source shall include with the request evidence that the employing authority is aware of the request. In any other instance where proposed employee conduct may re-flect on the performance of official duties, the Committee may require that the re-quester submit evidence that the employing authority knows of the conduct. 
RULE 4 . FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
(a) In matters relating to Title I of the 
Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Com-mittee shall coordinate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives, Legislative Re-source Center, to assure that appropriate in-dividuals are notified of their obligation to file reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act and that such individuals are provided in a timely fashion with filing instructions and forms developed by the Committee. 
(b) The Committee shall coordinate with 
the Legislative Resource Center to assure that information that the Ethics in Govern-ment Act requires to be placed on the public record is made public. 
(c) Any reports required to be filed under 
Title I of the Ethics in Government Act filed by Members of the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics that are forwarded to the Committee by the Clerk shall not be sub-ject to paragraphs (d) through (q) of this Rule. The Office of Congressional Ethics re-tains jurisdiction over review of the timeli-ness and completeness of filings by Members of the Board as the Board’s supervising eth-ics office. 
(d) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber are authorized to grant on behalf of the Committee requests for reasonable exten-sions of time for the filing of Financial Dis-closure Statements. Any such request must be received by the Committee no later than the date on which the Statement in question is due. A request received after such date may be granted by the Committee only in extraordinary circumstances. Such exten-sions for one individual in a calendar year shall not exceed a total of 90 days. No exten-sion shall be granted authorizing a non-incumbent candidate to file a statement later than 30 days prior to a primary or gen-eral election in which the candidate is par-ticipating. 
(e) An individual who takes legally suffi-
cient action to withdraw as a candidate be-fore the date on which that individual’s Fi-nancial Disclosure Statement is due under the Ethics in Government Act shall not be required to file a Statement. An individual shall not be excused from filing a Financial Disclosure Statement when withdrawal as a candidate occurs after the date on which such Statement was due. 
(f) Any individual who files a report re-
quired to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act more than 30 days after the later of— 
(1) the date such report is required to be 
filed, or 
(2) if a filing extension is granted to such 
individual, the last day of the filing exten-sion period, is required by such Act to pay a late filing fee of $200. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to approve requests that the fee be waived based on ex-traordinary circumstances. 
(g) Any late report that is submitted with-
out a required filing fee shall be deemed pro-cedurally deficient and not properly filed. 
(h) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber are authorized to approve requests for waivers of the aggregation and reporting of gifts as provided by section 102(a)(2)(C) of the Ethics in Government Act. If such a request is approved, both the incoming request and the Committee response shall be forwarded 
to the Legislative Resource Center for place-ment on the public record. 
(i) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber are authorized to approve blind trusts as qualifying under section 102(f)(3) of the Eth-ics in Government Act. The correspondence relating to formal approval of a blind trust, the trust document, the list of assets trans-ferred to the trust, and any other documents required by law to be made public, shall be forwarded to the Legislative Resource Center for such purpose. 
(j) The Committee shall designate staff 
counsel who shall review reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act and, based upon information con-tained therein, indicate in a form and man-ner prescribed by the Committee whether the Statement appears substantially accu-rate and complete and the filer appears to be in compliance with applicable laws and rules. 
(k) Each report required to be filed under 
Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall be reviewed within 60 days after the date of filing. 
(l) If the reviewing counsel believes that 
additional information is required because (1) the report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act appears not substantially accurate or complete, or (2) the filer may not be in compliance with applicable laws or rules, then the reporting individual shall be notified in writing of the additional information believed to be re-quired, or of the law or rule with which the reporting individual does not appear to be in compliance. Such notice shall also state the time within which a response is to be sub-mitted. Any such notice shall remain con-fidential. 
(m) Within the time specified, including 
any extension granted in accordance with clause (d), a reporting individual who con-curs with the Committee’s notification that the report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act is not com-plete, or that other action is required, shall submit the necessary information or take appropriate action. Any amendment may be in the form of a revised report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act or an explanatory letter addressed to the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
(n) Any amendment shall be placed on the 
public record in the same manner as other reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act. The indi-vidual designated by the Committee to re-view the original report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall review any amendment thereto. 
(o) Within the time specified, including 
any extension granted in accordance with clause (d), a reporting individual who does not agree with the Committee that the re-port required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act is deficient or that other action is required, shall be pro-vided an opportunity to respond orally or in writing. If the explanation is accepted, a copy of the response, if written, or a note summarizing an oral response, shall be re-tained in Committee files with the original report. 
(p) The Committee shall be the final arbi-
ter of whether any report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act requires clarification or amendment. 
(q) If the Committee determines, by vote of 
a majority of its members, that there is rea-son to believe that an individual has will-fully failed to file a report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act or has willfully falsified or will-fully failed to file information required to be reported, then the Committee shall refer the name of the individual, together with the 
evidence supporting its finding, to the Attor-ney General pursuant to section 104(b) of the Ethics in Government Act. Such referral shall not preclude the Committee from initi-ating such other action as may be authorized by other provisions of law or the Rules of the 
House of Representatives. 
RULE 5 . MEETINGS  
(a) The regular meeting day of the Com-
mittee shall be the second Tuesday of each month, except when the House of Represent-atives is not meeting on that day. When the Committee Chair determines that there is sufficient reason, meetings may be called on additional days. A regularly scheduled meet-ing need not be held when the Chair deter-mines there is no business to be considered. 
(b) The Chair shall establish the agenda for 
meetings of the Committee and the Ranking Minority Member may place additional items on the agenda. 
(c) All meetings of the Committee or any 
subcommittee shall occur in executive ses-sion unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, opens the meeting to the public. 
(d) Any hearing held by an adjudicatory 
subcommittee or any sanction hearing held by the Committee shall be open to the public unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its mem-bers, closes the hearing to the public. 
(e) A subcommittee shall meet at the dis-
cretion of its Chair. 
(f) Insofar as practicable, notice for any 
Committee or subcommittee meeting shall be provided at least seven days in advance of the meeting. The Chair of the Committee or subcommittee may waive such time period for good cause. 
RULE 6 . COMMITTEE STAFF  
(a) The staff is to be assembled and re-
tained as a professional, nonpartisan staff. 
(b) Each member of the staff shall be pro-
fessional and demonstrably qualified for the position for which the individual is hired. 
(c) The staff as a whole and each individual 
member of the staff shall perform all official duties in a nonpartisan manner. 
(d) No member of the staff shall engage in 
any partisan political activity directly af-fecting any congressional or presidential election. 
(e) No member of the staff or outside coun-
sel may accept public speaking engagements or write for publication on any subject that is in any way related to the employment or duties with the Committee of such individual without specific prior approval from the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. 
(f) All staff members shall be appointed by 
an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee. Such vote shall occur at the first meeting of the membership of the Committee during each Congress and as necessary during the Congress. 
(g) Subject to the approval of the Com-
mittee on House Administration, the Com-mittee may retain counsel not employed by the House of Representatives whenever the Committee determines, by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, that the retention of outside counsel is necessary and appropriate. 
(h) If the Committee determines that it is 
necessary to retain staff members for the purpose of a particular investigation or other proceeding, then such staff shall be re-tained only for the duration of that par-ticular investigation or proceeding. 
(i) Outside counsel may be dismissed prior 
to the end of a contract between the Com-mittee and such counsel only by a majority vote of the members of the Committee. 
(j) In addition to any other staff provided 
for by law, rule, or other authority, with re-spect to the Committee, the Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member each may appoint one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.016 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1060 February 13, 2015 
individual as a shared staff member from the 
respective personal staff of the Chair or Ranking Minority Member to perform serv-ice for the Committee. Such shared staff may assist the Chair or Ranking Minority Member on any subcommittee on which the Chair or Ranking Minority Member serves. Only paragraphs (c) and (e) of this Rule and Rule 7(b) shall apply to shared staff. 
RULE 7 . CONFIDENTIALITY  
(a) Before any Member or employee of the 
Committee, including members of an inves-tigative subcommittee selected under clause 5(a)(4) of Rule X of the House of Representa-tives and shared staff designated pursuant to Committee Rule 6(j), may have access to in-formation that is confidential under the rules of the Committee, the following oath (or affirmation) shall be executed in writing: 
‘‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose, to any person or entity outside the Committee on Ethics, any information received in the course of my service with the Committee, except as authorized by the Committee or in accordance with its rules.’’ 
Copies of the executed oath shall be pro-
vided to the Clerk of the House as part of the records of the House. Breaches of confiden-tiality shall be investigated by the Com-mittee and appropriate action shall be taken. 
(b) No member of the staff or outside coun-
sel may make public, unless approved by an affirmative vote of a majority of the mem-bers of the Committee, any information, doc-ument, or other material that is confiden-tial, derived from executive session, or clas-sified and that is obtained during the course of employment with the Committee. 
(c) Committee members and staff shall not 
disclose any evidence relating to an inves-tigation to any person or organization out-side the Committee unless authorized by the Committee. 
(d) Members and staff of the Committee 
shall not disclose to any person or organiza-tion outside the Committee, unless author-ized by the Committee, any information re-garding the Committee’s or a subcommit-tee’s investigative, adjudicatory, or other proceedings, including but not limited to: (i) the fact or nature of any complaints; (ii) ex-ecutive session proceedings; (iii) information pertaining to or copies of any Committee or subcommittee report, study or other docu-ment which purports to express the views, findings, conclusions or recommendations of the Committee or subcommittee in connec-tion with any of its activities or proceedings; or (iv) any other information or allegation respecting the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House. This rule shall not prohibit the Chair or Ranking Minority Member from disclosing to the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics the existence of a Committee investigation, the name of the Member, officer or employee of the House who is the subject of that investiga-tion, and a brief statement of the scope of that investigation in a written request for referral pursuant to Rule 17A(k). Such dis-closures will only be made subject to written confirmation from the Board that the infor-mation provided by the Chair or Ranking Mi-nority Member will be kept confidential by the Board. 
(e) Except as otherwise specifically author-
ized by the Committee, no Committee mem-ber or staff member shall disclose to any per-son outside the Committee, the name of any witness subpoenaed to testify or to produce evidence. 
(f) Except as provided in Rule 17A, the 
Committee shall not disclose to any person or organization outside the Committee any information concerning the conduct of a re-spondent until it has transmitted a State-ment of Alleged Violation to such respond-
ent and the respondent has been given full opportunity to respond pursuant to Rule 22. The Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be made pub-lic at the first meeting or hearing on the matter that is open to the public after such opportunity has been provided. Any other materials in the possession of the Committee regarding such statement may be made pub-lic as authorized by the Committee to the extent consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. If no public hear-ing is held on the matter, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be included in the Committee’s final report on the matter to the House of Representatives. 
(g) Unless otherwise determined by a vote 
of the Committee, only the Chair or Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, after consultation with each other, may make public statements regarding matters before the Committee or any subcommittee. 
(h) The Committee may establish proce-
dures necessary to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any testimony or other infor-mation received by the Committee or its staff. 
RULE 8 . SUBCOMMITTEES —GENERAL POLICY AND  
STRUCTURE  
(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
these Rules, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may consult with an investigative subcommittee either on their own initiative or on the initiative of the subcommittee, shall have access to evi-dence and information before a sub-committee with whom they so consult, and shall not thereby be precluded from serving as full, voting members of any adjudicatory subcommittee. Except for the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee pursuant to this paragraph, evidence in the possession of an investigative subcommittee shall not be disclosed to other Committee members except by a vote of the sub-committee. 
(b) The Committee may establish other 
noninvestigative and nonadjudicatory sub-committees and may assign to them such 
functions as it may deem appropriate. The membership of each subcommittee shall pro-vide equal representation for the majority and minority parties. 
(c) The Chair may refer any bill, resolu-
tion, or other matter before the Committee to an appropriate subcommittee for consid-eration. Any such bill, resolution, or other matter may be discharged from the sub-committee to which it was referred by a ma-jority vote of the Committee. 
(d) Any member of the Committee may sit 
with any noninvestigative or nonadjudica-tory subcommittee, but only regular mem-bers of such subcommittee may vote on any matter before that subcommittee. 
RULE 9 . QUORUMS AND MEMBER  
DISQUALIFICATION  
(a) The quorum for the Committee or an 
investigative subcommittee to take testi-mony and to receive evidence shall be two members, unless otherwise authorized by the House of Representatives. 
(b) The quorum for an adjudicatory sub-
committee to take testimony, receive evi-dence, or conduct business shall consist of a majority plus one of the members of the ad-judicatory subcommittee. 
(c) Except as stated in clauses (a) and (b) of 
this rule, a quorum for the purpose of con-ducting business consists of a majority of the members of the Committee or sub-committee. 
(d) A member of the Committee shall be in-
eligible to participate in any Committee or subcommittee proceeding in which such Member is the respondent. (e) A member of the Committee may seek 
disqualification from participating in any in-vestigation of the conduct of a Member, offi-cer, or employee of the House of Representa-tives upon the submission in writing and under oath of an affidavit of disqualification stating that the member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. If the Com-mittee approves and accepts such affidavit of disqualification, the Chair shall so notify the Speaker and ask the Speaker to designate a Member of the House of Representatives from the same political party as the dis-qualified member of the Committee to act as a member of the Committee in any Com-mittee proceeding relating to such investiga-tion. 
RULE 10 . VOTE REQUIREMENTS  
(a) The following actions shall be taken 
only upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee or sub-committee, as appropriate: 
(1) Issuing a subpoena. (2) Adopting a full Committee motion to 
create an investigative subcommittee. 
(3) Adopting or amending of a Statement of 
Alleged Violation. 
(4) Finding that a count in a Statement of 
Alleged Violation has been proved by clear and convincing evidence. 
(5) Sending a letter of reproval. (6) Adopting a recommendation to the 
House of Representatives that a sanction be imposed. 
(7) Adopting a report relating to the con-
duct of a Member, officer, or employee. 
(8) Issuing an advisory opinion of general 
applicability establishing new policy. 
(b) Except as stated in clause (a), action 
may be taken by the Committee or any sub-committee thereof by a simple majority, a quorum being present. 
(c) No motion made to take any of the ac-
tions enumerated in clause (a) of this Rule may be entertained by the Chair unless a quorum of the Committee is present when such motion is made. 
RULE 11 . COMMITTEE RECORDS  
(a) All communications and all pleadings 
pursuant to these rules shall be filed with the Committee at the Committee’s office or such other place as designated by the Com-mittee. 
(b) All records of the Committee which 
have been delivered to the Archivist of the United States shall be made available to the public in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 12 . BROADCASTS OF COMMITTEE AND  
SUBCOMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS  
(a) Television or radio coverage of a Com-
mittee or subcommittee hearing or meeting shall be without commercial sponsorship. 
(b) Not more than four television cameras, 
operating from fixed positions, shall be per-mitted in a hearing or meeting room. The Committee may allocate the positions of permitted television cameras among the tel-evision media in consultation with the Exec-utive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. 
(c) Television cameras shall be placed so as 
not to obstruct in any way the space between any witness giving evidence or testimony and any member of the Committee, or the visibility of that witness and that member to each other. 
(d) Television cameras shall not be placed 
in positions that unnecessarily obstruct the coverage of the hearing or meeting by the other media. 
P
ARTII—I NVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITY  
RULE 13 . HOUSE RESOLUTION  
Whenever the House of Representatives, by 
resolution, authorizes or directs the Com-mittee to undertake an inquiry or investiga-tion, the provisions of the resolution, in con-junction with these Rules, shall govern. To 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.019 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1061 February 13, 2015 
the extent the provisions of the resolution 
differ from these Rules, the resolution shall control. 
RULE 14 . COMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO  
INVESTIGATE —GENERAL POLICY  
(a) Pursuant to clause 3(b) of Rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee may exercise its investiga-tive authority when: 
(1) information offered as a complaint by a 
Member of the House of Representatives is transmitted directly to the Committee; 
(2) information offered as a complaint by 
an individual not a Member of the House is transmitted to the Committee, provided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the information is submitted in good faith and warrants the review and consideration of the Committee; 
(3) the Committee, on its own initiative, 
undertakes an investigation; 
(4) a Member, officer, or employee is con-
victed in a Federal, State, or local court of a felony; 
(5) the House of Representatives, by resolu-
tion, authorizes or directs the Committee to undertake an inquiry or investigation; or 
(6) a referral from the Board is transmitted 
to the Committee. 
(b) The Committee also has investigatory 
authority over: 
(1) certain unauthorized disclosures of in-
telligence-related information, pursuant to House Rule X, clauses 11(g)(4) and (g)(5); or 
(2) reports received from the Office of the 
Inspector General pursuant to House Rule II, clause 6(c)(5). 
RULE 15 . COMPLAINTS  
(a) A complaint submitted to the Com-
mittee shall be in writing, dated, and prop-erly verified (a document will be considered properly verified where a notary executes it with the language, ‘‘Signed and sworn to (or affirmed) before me on (date) by (the name of the person)’’ setting forth in simple, concise, and direct statements— 
(1) the name and legal address of the party 
filing the complaint (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘complainant’’); 
(2) the name and position or title of the re-
spondent; 
(3) the nature of the alleged violation of 
the Code of Official Conduct or of other law, rule, regulation, or other standard of con-duct applicable to the performance of duties or discharge of responsibilities; and 
(4) the facts alleged to give rise to the vio-
lation. The complaint shall not contain in-nuendo, speculative assertions, or conclusory statements. 
(b) Any documents in the possession of the 
complainant that relate to the allegations may be submitted with the complaint. 
(c) Information offered as a complaint by a 
Member of the House of Representatives may be transmitted directly to the Committee. 
(d) Information offered as a complaint by 
an individual not a Member of the House may be transmitted to the Committee, pro-vided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the infor-mation is submitted in good faith and war-rants the review and consideration of the Committee. 
(e) A complaint must be accompanied by a 
certification, which may be unsworn, that the complainant has provided an exact copy of the filed complaint and all attachments to the respondent. 
(f) The Committee may defer action on a 
complaint against a Member, officer, or em-ployee of the House of Representatives when the complaint alleges conduct that the Com-mittee has reason to believe is being re-viewed by appropriate law enforcement or regulatory authorities, or when the Com-mittee determines that it is appropriate for the conduct alleged in the complaint to be 
reviewed initially by law enforcement or reg-ulatory authorities. 
(g) A complaint may not be amended with-
out leave of the Committee. Otherwise, any new allegations of improper conduct must be submitted in a new complaint that independ-ently meets the procedural requirements of the Rules of the House of Representatives and the Committee’s Rules. 
(h) The Committee shall not accept, and 
shall return to the complainant, any com-plaint submitted within the 60 days prior to an election in which the subject of the com-plaint is a candidate. 
(i) The Committee shall not consider a 
complaint, nor shall any investigation be un-dertaken by the Committee, of any alleged violation which occurred before the third previous Congress unless the Committee de-termines that the alleged violation is di-rectly related to an alleged violation which occurred in a more recent Congress. 
RULE 16 . DUTIES OF COMMITTEE CHAIR AND  
RANKING MINORITY MEMBER  
(a) Whenever information offered as a com-
plaint is submitted to the Committee, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member shall have 14 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever occurs first, to determine whether the information meets the requirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint. 
(b) Whenever the Chair and Ranking Mi-
nority Member jointly determine that infor-mation submitted to the Committee meets the requirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint, they shall have 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever is later, after the date that the Chair and Ranking Minority Member deter-mine that information filed meets the re-quirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint, unless the Committee by an affirmative vote of a ma-jority of its members votes otherwise, to— 
(1) recommend to the Committee that it 
dispose of the complaint, or any portion thereof, in any manner that does not require action by the House, which may include dis-missal of the complaint or resolution of the complaint by a letter to the Member, officer, or employee of the House against whom the complaint is made; 
(2) establish an investigative sub-
committee; or 
(3) request that the Committee extend the 
applicable 45-calendar day period when they determine more time is necessary in order to make a recommendation under paragraph (1) or (2) of Rule 16(b). 
(c) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber may jointly gather additional informa-tion concerning alleged conduct which is the basis of a complaint or of information of-fered as a complaint until they have estab-lished an investigative subcommittee or the Chair or Ranking Minority Member has placed on the agenda the issue of whether to establish an investigative subcommittee. 
(d) If the Chair and Ranking Minority 
Member jointly determine that information submitted to the Committee meets the re-quirements of the Committee rules for what constitutes a complaint, and the complaint is not disposed of within 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever is later, and no additional 45-day extension is made, then they shall establish an investigative sub-committee and forward the complaint, or any portion thereof, to that subcommittee for its consideration. If at any time during the time period either the Chair or Ranking Minority Member places on the agenda the issue of whether to establish an investigative subcommittee, then an investigative sub-committee may be established only by an af-firmative vote of a majority of the members 
of the Committee. 
(e) Whenever the Chair and Ranking Mi-
nority Member jointly determine that infor-mation submitted to the Committee does not meet the requirements for what constitutes a complaint set forth in the Committee rules, they may (1) return the information to the complainant with a statement that it fails to meet the requirements for what con-stitutes a complaint set forth in the Com-mittee’s rules; or (2) recommend to the Com-mittee that it authorize the establishment of an investigative subcommittee. 
RULE 17 . PROCESSING OF COMPLAINTS  
(a) If a complaint is in compliance with 
House and Committee Rules, a copy of the complaint and the Committee Rules shall be forwarded to the respondent within 5 days with notice that the complaint conforms to the applicable rules. 
(b) The respondent may, within 30 days of 
the Committee’s notification, provide to the Committee any information relevant to a complaint filed with the Committee. The re-spondent may submit a written statement in response to the complaint. Such a statement shall be signed by the respondent. If the statement is prepared by counsel for the re-spondent, the respondent shall sign a rep-resentation that the respondent has reviewed the response and agrees with the factual as-sertions contained therein. 
(c) The Committee staff may request infor-
mation from the respondent or obtain addi-tional information relevant to the case from other sources prior to the establishment of an investigative subcommittee only when so directed by the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. 
(d) The respondent shall be notified in 
writing regarding the Committee’s decision either to dismiss the complaint or to create an investigative subcommittee. 
RULE 17A . REFERRALS FROM THE BOARD OF THE  
OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS  
(a) The Committee has exclusive jurisdic-
tion over the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the Code of Official Con-duct pursuant to clause 1(g) of House Rule X. Receipt of referrals from the Board under this rule does not limit the Committee’s dis-cretion to address referrals in any way through the appropriate procedures author-ized by Committee Rules. The Committee shall review the report and findings trans-mitted by the Board without prejudice or presumptions as to the merit of the allega-tions. 
(b)(1) Whenever the Committee receives ei-
ther (A) a referral containing a written re-port and any findings and supporting docu-mentation from the Board; or (B) a referral 
from the Board pursuant to a request under Rule 17A(k), the Chair shall have 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days after the date the referral is received, whichever is later, to make public the report and findings of the Board unless the Chair and Ranking Minor-ity Member jointly decide, or the Committee votes, to withhold such information for not more than one additional 45-day period. 
(2) At least one calendar day before the 
Committee makes public any report and findings of the Board the Chair shall notify in writing the Board and the Member, offi-cer, or employee who is the subject of the re-ferral of the impending public release of these documents. At the same time, the Chair shall transmit a copy of any public statement on the Committee’s disposition of the matter and any accompanying Com-mittee report to the individual who is the subject of the referral. 
(3) All public statements and reports and 
findings of the Board that are required to be made public under this Rule shall be posted on the Committee’s website. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.022 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1062 February 13, 2015 
(c) If the OCE report and findings are with-
held for an additional 45-day period pursuant to paragraph (b)(1), the Chair shall— 
(1) make a public statement on the day of 
such decision or vote that the matter re-ferred from the Board has been extended; and 
(2) make public the written report and 
findings pursuant to paragraph (b) upon the termination of such additional period. 
(d) If the Board transmits a report with a 
recommendation to dismiss or noting a mat-ter as unresolved due to a tie vote, and the matter is extended for an additional period as provided in paragraph (b), the Committee is not required to make a public statement that the matter has been extended pursuant to paragraph (b)(1). 
(e) If the Committee votes to dismiss a 
matter referred from the Board, the Com-mittee is not required to make public the written report and findings of the Board pur-suant to paragraph (c) unless the Commit-tee’s vote is inconsistent with the rec-ommendation of the Board. A vote by the Committee to dismiss a matter is not consid-ered inconsistent with a report from the Board that the matter is unresolved by the Board due to a tie vote. 
(f) Except as provided by paragraph (g): (1) If the Committee establishes an inves-
tigative subcommittee respecting any mat-ter referred by the Board, then the report and findings of the Board shall not be made public until the conclusion of the investiga-tive subcommittee process. The Committee shall issue a public statement noting the es-tablishment of an investigative sub-committee, which shall include the name of the Member, officer, or employee who is the subject of the inquiry, and shall set forth the alleged violation. 
(2) If any such investigative subcommittee 
does not conclude its review within one year after the Board’s referral, then the Com-mittee shall make public the report of the Board no later than one year after the refer-ral. If the investigative subcommittee does not conclude its review before the end of the Congress in which the report of the Board is made public, the Committee shall make pub-lic any findings of the Board on the last day of that Congress. 
(g) If the vote of the Committee is a tie or 
the Committee fails to act by the close of any applicable period(s) under this rule, the report and the findings of the Board shall be made public by the Committee, along with a public statement by the Chair explaining the status of the matter. 
(h)(1) If the Committee agrees to a request 
from an appropriate law enforcement or reg-ulatory authority to defer taking action on a matter referred by the Board under para-graph (b)— 
(A) The Committee is not required to make 
public the written report and findings of the Board pursuant to paragraph (c), except that if the recommendation of the Board is that the matter requires further review, the Com-mittee shall make public the written report of the Board but not the findings; and 
(B) The Committee shall make a public 
statement that it is deferring taking action on the matter at the request of such law en-forcement or regulatory authority within one day (excluding weekends and public holi-days) of the day that the Committee agrees to the request. 
(2) If the Committee has not acted on the 
matter within one year of the date the public statement described in paragraph (h)(1)(B) is released, the Committee shall make a public statement that it continues to defer taking action on the matter. The Committee shall make a new statement upon the expiration of each succeeding one-year period during which the Committee has not acted on the matter. (i) The Committee shall not accept, and 
shall return to the Board, any referral from the Board within 60 days before a Federal, State, or local election in which the subject of the referral is a candidate. 
(j) The Committee may postpone any re-
porting requirement under this rule that falls within that 60-day period until after the date of the election in which the subject of the referral is a candidate. For purposes of calculating any applicable period under this Rule, any days within the 60-day period be-fore such an election shall not be counted. 
(k)(1) At any time after the Committee re-
ceives written notification from the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics that the Board is undertaking a review of alleged con-duct of any Member, officer, or employee of the House at a time when the Committee is investigating, or has completed an investiga-tion of the same matter, the Committee may so notify the Board in writing and request that the Board cease its review and refer the matter to the Committee for its consider-ation immediately. The Committee shall also notify the Board in writing if the Com-mittee has not reached a final resolution of the matter or has not referred the matter to the appropriate Federal or State authorities by the end of any applicable time period specified in Rule 17A (including any permis-sible extension). 
(2) The Committee may not request a sec-
ond referral of the matter from the Board if the Committee has notified the Board that it is unable to resolve the matter previously re-quested pursuant to this section. The Board may subsequently send a referral regarding a matter previously requested and returned by the Committee after the conclusion of the Board’s review process. 
RULE 18 . COMMITTEE -INITIATED INQUIRY OR  
INVESTIGATION  
(a) Notwithstanding the absence of a filed 
complaint, the Committee may consider any information in its possession indicating that a Member, officer, or employee may have committed a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or any law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the conduct of such Member, officer, or em-ployee in the performance of the duties or the discharge of the responsibilities of such individual. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member may jointly gather additional infor-mation concerning such an alleged violation by a Member, officer, or employee unless and until an investigative subcommittee has been established. The Chair and Ranking Mi-nority Member may also jointly take appro-priate action consistent with Committee Rules to resolve the matter. 
(b) If the Committee votes to establish an 
investigative subcommittee, the Committee shall proceed in accordance with Rule 19. 
(c) Any written request by a Member, offi-
cer, or employee of the House of Representa-tives that the Committee conduct an inves-tigation into such person’s own conduct shall be considered in accordance with sub-section (a) of this Rule. 
(d) An inquiry shall not be undertaken re-
garding any alleged violation that occurred before the third previous Congress unless a majority of the Committee determines that the alleged violation is directly related to an alleged violation that occurred in a more re-cent Congress. 
(e)(1) An inquiry shall be undertaken by an 
investigative subcommittee with regard to any felony conviction of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives in a Federal, State, or local court who has been sentenced. Notwithstanding this provi-sion, the Committee has the discretion to initiate an inquiry upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Com-mittee at any time prior to conviction or 
sentencing. 
(2) Not later than 30 days after a Member 
of the House is indicted or otherwise for-mally charged with criminal conduct in any Federal, State, or local court, the Com-mittee shall either initiate an inquiry upon a majority vote of the members of the Com-mittee or submit a report to the House de-scribing its reasons for not initiating an in-quiry and describing the actions, if any, that the Committee has taken in response to the allegations. 
RULE 19 . INVESTIGATIVE SUBCOMMITTEE  
(a)(1) Upon the establishment of an inves-
tigative subcommittee, the Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee shall designate four members (with equal rep-resentation from the majority and minority parties) to serve as an investigative sub-committee to undertake an inquiry. Mem-bers of the Committee and Members of the House selected pursuant to clause 5(a)(4)(A) of Rule X of the House of Representatives are eligible for appointment to an investiga-tive subcommittee, as determined by the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. At the time of appointment, the Chair shall designate one member of the sub-committee to serve as the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member shall designate one member of the subcommittee to serve as the ranking minority member of the inves-tigative subcommittee. The Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee may serve as members of an investigative sub-committee, but may not serve as non-voting, ex-officio members. 
(2) The respondent shall be notified of the 
membership of the investigative sub-committee and shall have 10 days after such notice is transmitted to object to the par-ticipation of any subcommittee member. Such objection shall be in writing and must be on the grounds that the subcommittee member cannot render an impartial and un-biased decision. The members of the Com-mittee shall engage in a collegial discussion regarding such objection. The subcommittee member against whom the objection is made shall be the sole judge of any disqualifica-tion and may choose to seek disqualification from participating in the inquiry pursuant to Rule 9(e). 
(b) In an inquiry undertaken by an inves-
tigative subcommittee— 
(1) All proceedings, including the taking of 
testimony, shall be conducted in executive session and all testimony taken by deposi-tion or things produced pursuant to sub-poena or otherwise shall be deemed to have been taken or produced in executive session. 
(2) The Chair of the investigative sub-
committee shall ask the respondent and all witnesses whether they intend to be rep-resented by counsel. If so, the respondent or witnesses or their legal representatives shall provide written designation of counsel. A re-spondent or witness who is represented by counsel shall not be questioned in the ab-sence of counsel unless an explicit waiver is obtained. 
(3) The subcommittee shall provide the re-
spondent an opportunity to present, orally or in writing, a statement, which must be under oath or affirmation, regarding the al-legations and any other relevant questions arising out of the inquiry. 
(4) The staff may interview witnesses, ex-
amine documents and other evidence, and re-quest that submitted statements be under oath or affirmation and that documents be certified as to their authenticity and accu-racy. 
(5) The subcommittee, by a majority vote 
of its members, may require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.031 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1063 February 13, 2015 
witnesses and the production of such books, 
records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, documents, and other items as it deems nec-essary to the conduct of the inquiry. Unless the Committee otherwise provides, the sub-poena power shall rest in the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee and a subpoena shall be issued upon the re-quest of the investigative subcommittee. 
(6) The subcommittee shall require that 
testimony be given under oath or affirma-tion. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testimony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under con-sideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be ad-ministered by the Chair or subcommittee member designated by the Chair to admin-ister oaths. 
(c) During the inquiry, the procedure re-
specting the admissibility of evidence and rulings shall be as follows: 
(1) Any relevant evidence shall be admis-
sible unless the evidence is privileged under the precedents of the House of Representa-tives. 
(2) The Chair of the subcommittee or other 
presiding member at any investigative sub-committee proceeding shall rule upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evi-dence, motion, procedure, or any other mat-ter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any rulings to the members present at that proceeding. A ma-jority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such appeal shall govern the question of admissibility, and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. 
(3) Whenever a person is determined by a 
majority vote to be in contempt of the sub-committee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to determine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. 
(4) Committee counsel may, subject to sub-
committee approval, enter into stipulations with the respondent and/or the respondent’s counsel as to facts that are not in dispute. 
(d) Upon an affirmative vote of a majority 
of the subcommittee members, and an af-firmative vote of a majority of the full Com-mittee, an investigative subcommittee may expand the scope of its inquiry. 
(e) Upon completion of the inquiry, the 
staff shall draft for the investigative sub-committee a report that shall contain a com-prehensive summary of the information re-ceived regarding the alleged violations. 
(f) Upon completion of the inquiry, an in-
vestigative subcommittee, by a majority vote of its members, may adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation if it determines that there is substantial reason to believe that a violation of the Code of Official Conduct, or of a law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the performance of 
official duties or the discharge of official re-sponsibilities by a Member, officer, or em-ployee of the House of Representatives has occurred. If more than one violation is al-leged, such Statement shall be divided into separate counts. Each count shall relate to a separate violation, shall contain a plain and concise statement of the alleged facts of such violation, and shall include a reference to the provision of the Code of Official Con-duct or law, rule, regulation, or other appli-cable standard of conduct governingthe per-formance of duties or discharge of respon-sibilities alleged to have been violated. A copy of such Statement shall be transmitted to the respondent and the respondent’s coun-sel. 
(g) If the investigative subcommittee does 
not adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation, it shall transmit to the Committee a report 
containing a summary of the information re-ceived in the inquiry, its conclusions and reasons therefore, and any appropriate rec-ommendation. 
RULE 20 . AMENDMENTS TO STATEMENTS OF  
ALLEGED VIOLATION  
(a) An investigative subcommittee may, 
upon an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, amend its Statement of Alleged Violation anytime before the Statement of Alleged Violation is transmitted to the Com-mittee; and (b) If an investigative sub-committee amends its Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent shall be notified in writing and shall have 30 calendar days from the date of that notification to file an an-swer to the amended Statement of Alleged Violation. 
RULE 21 . COMMITTEE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  
(a) Whenever an investigative sub-
committee does not adopt a Statement of Al-leged Violation and transmits a report to that effect to the Committee, the Committee may by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members transmit such report to the House of Representatives; 
(b) Whenever an investigative sub-
committee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation but recommends that no further action be taken, it shall transmit a report to the Committee regarding the Statement of Alleged Violation; and 
(c) Whenever an investigative sub-
committee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent admits to the vio-lations set forth in such Statement, the re-spondent waives the right to an adjudicatory hearing, and the respondent’s waiver is ap-proved by the Committee— 
(1) the subcommittee shall prepare a report 
for transmittal to the Committee, a final draft of which shall be provided to the re-spondent not less than 15 alendar days before the subcommittee votes on whether to adopt the report; 
(2) the respondent may submit views in 
writing regarding the final draft to the sub-committee within 7 calendar days of receipt of that draft; 
(3) the subcommittee shall transmit a re-
port to the Committee regarding the State-ment of Alleged Violation together with any views submitted by the espondent pursuant to subparagraph (2), and the Committee shall make the report, together with the respond-ent’s views, available to the public before the commencement of any sanction hearing; and 
(4) the Committee shall by an affirmative 
vote of a majority of its members issue a re-port and transmit such report to the House of Representatives, together with the re-spondent’s views previously submitted pur-suant to subparagraph (2) and any additional views respondent may submit for attach-ment to the final report; and 
(d) Members of the Committee shall have 
not less than 72 hours to review any report transmitted to the Committee by an inves-tigative subcommittee before both the com-mencement of a sanction hearing and the Committee vote on whether to adopt the re-port. 
RULE 22 . RESPONDENT ’S ANSWER  
(a)(1) Within 30 days from the date of 
transmittal of a Statement of Alleged Viola-tion, the respondent shall file with the inves-tigative subcommittee an answer, in writing and under oath, signed by respondent and re-spondent’s counsel. Failure to file an answer within the time prescribed shall be consid-ered by the Committee as a denial of each count. 
(2) The answer shall contain an admission 
to or denial of each count set forth in the Statement of Alleged Violation and may in-
clude negative, affirmative, or alternative defenses and any supporting evidence or other relevant information. 
(b) The respondent may file a Motion for a 
Bill of Particulars within 10 days of the date of transmittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation. If a Motion for a Bill of Particu-lars is filed, the respondent shall not be re-quired to file an answer until 20 days after the subcommittee has replied to such mo-tion. 
(c)(1) The respondent may file a Motion to 
Dismiss within 10 days of the date of trans-mittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation or, if a Motion for a Bill of Particulars has been filed, within 10 days of the date of the subcommittee’s reply to the Motion for a Bill of Particulars. If a Motion to Dismiss is filed, the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 20 days after the sub-committee has replied to the Motion to Dis-miss, unless the respondent previously filed a Motion for a Bill of Particulars, in which case the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 10 days after the sub-committee has replied to the Motion to Dis-miss. The investigative subcommittee shall rule upon any motion to dismiss filed during the period between the establishment of the subcommittee and the subcommittee’s trans-mittal of a report or Statement of Alleged Violation to the Committee or to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member at the con-clusion of an inquiry, and no appeal of the subcommittee’s ruling shall lie to the Com-mittee. 
(2) A Motion to Dismiss may be made on 
the grounds that the Statement of Alleged Violation fails to state facts that constitute a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or other applicable law, rule, regulation, or standard of conduct, or on the grounds that the Committee lacks jurisdiction to consider the allegations contained in the Statement. 
(d) Any motion filed with the sub-
committee pursuant to this rule shall be ac-companied by a Memorandum of Points and Authorities. 
(e)(1) The Chair of the investigative sub-
committee, for good cause shown, may per-mit the respondent to file an answer or mo-tion after the day prescribed above. 
(2) If the ability of the respondent to 
present an adequate defense is not adversely affected and special circumstances so re-quire, the Chair of the investigative sub-committee may direct the respondent to file an answer or motion prior to the day pre-scribed above. 
(f) If the day on which any answer, motion, 
reply, or other pleading must be filed falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday, such filing shall be made on the first business day there-after. 
(g) As soon as practicable after an answer 
has been filed or the time for such filing has expired, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any answer, motion, reply, or other pleading connected therewith shall be trans-mitted by the Chair of the investigative sub-committee to the Chair and Ranking Minor-ity Member of the Committee. 
RULE 23 . ADJUDICATORY HEARINGS  
(a) If a Statement of Alleged Violation is 
transmitted to the Chair and Ranking Mi-nority Member pursuant to Rule 22, and no waiver pursuant to Rule 26(b) has occurred, the Chair shall designate the members of the Committee who did not serve on the inves-tigative subcommittee to serve on an adju-dicatory subcommittee. The Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee shall be the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the adjudicatory subcommittee unless they served on the investigative sub-committee. The respondent shall be notified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.034 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1064 February 13, 2015 
of the designation of the adjudicatory sub-
committee and shall have 10 days after such notice is transmitted to object to the par-ticipation of any subcommittee member. Such objection shall be in writing and shall be on the grounds that the member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. The members of the Committee shall engage in a collegial discussion regarding such ob-jection. The member against whom the ob-jection is made shall be the sole judge of any disqualification and may choose to seek dis-qualification from serving on the sub-committee pursuant to Rule 9(e). 
(b) A majority of the adjudicatory sub-
committee membership plus one must be present at all times for the conduct of any business pursuant to this rule. 
(c) The adjudicatory subcommittee shall 
hold a hearing to determine whether any counts in the Statement of Alleged Violation have been proved by clear and convincing evidence and shall make findings of fact, ex-cept where such violations have been admit-ted by respondent. 
(d) The subcommittee may require, by sub-
poena or otherwise, the attendance and testi-mony of such witnesses and production of such books, records, correspondence, memo-randa, papers, documents, and other items as it deems necessary. A subpoena for docu-ments may specify terms of return other than at a meeting or hearing of the sub-committee. Depositions, interrogatories, and sworn statements taken under any investiga-tive subcommittee direction may be accept-ed into the hearing record. 
(e) The procedures set forth in clause 
2(g)(1)–(4), (6)–(7) and (k) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives shall apply to adjudicatory hearings. All such hearings shall be open to the public unless the adjudicatory subcommittee, pursuant to such clause, determines that the hearings or any part thereof should be closed. 
(f)(1) The adjudicatory subcommittee shall, 
in writing, notify the respondent that the re-spondent and respondent’s counsel have the right to inspect, review, copy, or photograph books, papers, documents, photographs, or other tangible objects that committee coun-sel intends to use as evidence against the re-spondent in an adjudicatory hearing. The re-spondent shall be given access to such evi-dence, and shall be provided the names of witnesses committee counsel intends to call, and a summary of their expected testimony, no less than 15 calendar days prior to any such hearing. Except in extraordinary cir-cumstances, no evidence may be introduced or witness called in an adjudicatory hearing unless the respondent has been afforded a prior opportunity to review such evidence or has been provided the name of the witness. 
(2) After a witness has testified on direct 
examination at an adjudicatory hearing, the Committee, at the request of the respondent, shall make available to the respondent any statement of the witness in the possession of the Committee which relates to the subject matter as to which the witness has testified. 
(3) Any other testimony, statement, or 
documentary evidence in the possession of the Committee which is material to the re-spondent’s defense shall, upon request, be made available to the respondent. 
(g) No less than 5 days prior to the hearing, 
the respondent or counsel shall provide the adjudicatory subcommittee with the names of witnesses expected to be called, sum-maries of their expected testimony, and cop-ies of any documents or other evidence pro-posed to be introduced. 
(h) The respondent or counsel may apply to 
the subcommittee for the issuance of sub-poenas for the appearance of witnesses or the production of evidence. The application shall be granted upon a showing by the respondent that the proposed testimony or evidence is 
relevant and not otherwise available to re-spondent. The application may be denied if not made at a reasonable time or if the testi-mony or evidence would be merely cumu-lative. 
(i) No later than two weeks or 5 legislative 
days after the Chair of the Committee des-ignates members to serve on an adjudicatory subcommittee, whichever is later, the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee shall es-tablish a schedule and procedure for the hearing and for prehearing matters. The pro-cedures may be changed either by the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee or a by a majority vote of the members of the sub-committee. If the Chair makes prehearing rulings upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, the Chair shall make available those rulings to all subcommittee members at the time of the ruling. 
(j) The procedures regarding the admissi-
bility of evidence and rulings shall be as fol-lows: 
(1) Any relevant evidence shall be admis-
sible unless the evidence is privileged under the precedents of the House of Representa-tives. 
(2) The Chair of the subcommittee or other 
presiding member at an adjudicatory sub-committee hearing shall rule upon any ques-tion of admissibility or relevance of evi-dence, motion, procedure, or any other mat-ter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any ruling to the members present at that proceeding. A ma-jority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such an appeal shall govern the question of admissibility and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. 
(3) Whenever a witness is deemed by a 
Chair or other presiding member to be in contempt of the subcommittee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to deter-mine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. 
(4) Committee counsel may, subject to sub-
committee approval, enter into stipulations with the respondent and/or the respondent’s counsel as to facts that are not in dispute. 
(k) Unless otherwise provided, the order of 
an adjudicatory hearing shall be as follows: 
(1) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber of the subcommittee shall open the hear-ing with equal time and during which time, the Chair shall state the adjudicatory sub-committee’s authority to conduct the hear-ing and the purpose of the hearing. 
(2) The Chair shall then recognize Com-
mittee counsel and the respondent’s counsel, in turn, for the purpose of giving opening statements. 
(3) Testimony from witnesses and other 
relevant evidence shall be received in the fol-lowing order whenever possible: 
(i) witnesses (deposition transcripts and af-
fidavits obtained during the inquiry may be used in lieu of live witnesses) and other evi-dence offered by the Committee counsel, 
(ii) witnesses and other evidence offered by 
the respondent, 
(iii) rebuttal witnesses, as permitted by 
the Chair. 
(4) Witnesses at a hearing shall be exam-
ined first by counsel calling such witness. The opposing counsel may then cross-exam-ine the witness. Redirect examination and recross examination by counsel may be per-mitted at the Chair’s discretion. Sub-committee members may then question wit-nesses. Unless otherwise directed by the Chair, questions by Subcommittee members shall be conducted under the five-minute rule. 
(5) The Chair shall then recognize Com-
mittee counsel and respondent’s counsel, in turn, for the purpose of giving closing argu-
ments. Committee counsel may reserve time for rebuttal argument, as permitted by the Chair. 
(l) A subpoena to a witness to appear at a 
hearing shall be served sufficiently in ad-vance of that witness’ scheduled appearance to allow the witness a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Chair of the adju-dicatory subcommittee, to prepare for the hearing and to employ counsel. 
(m) Each witness appearing before the sub-
committee shall be furnished a printed copy of the Committee rules, the relevant provi-sions of the Rules of the House of Represent-atives applicable to the rights of witnesses, and a copy of the Statement of Alleged Vio-lation. 
(n) Testimony of all witnesses shall be 
taken under oath or affirmation. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testi-mony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be administered by the Chair or Committee member designated by the Chair to administer oaths. 
(o) At an adjudicatory hearing, the burden 
of proof rests on Committee counsel to es-tablish the facts alleged in the Statement of Alleged Violation by clear and convincing evidence. However, Committee counsel need not present any evidence regarding any count that is admitted by the respondent or any fact stipulated. Committee counsel or respondent’s counsel may move the adjudica-tory subcommittee to make a finding that there is no material fact at issue. If the adju-dicatory subcommittee finds that there is no material fact at issue, the burden of proof will be deemed satisfied. 
(p) As soon as practicable after all testi-
mony and evidence have been presented, the subcommittee shall consider each count con-tained in the Statement of Alleged Violation and shall determine by a majority vote of its members whether each count has been proved. If a majority of the subcommittee does not vote that a count has been proved, a motion to reconsider that vote may be made only by a member who voted that the count was not proved. A count that is not proved shall be considered as dismissed by the subcommittee. 
(q) The findings of the adjudicatory sub-
committee shall be reported to the Com-mittee. 
RULE 24 . SANCTION HEARING AND CONSIDER -
ATION OF SANCTIONS OR OTHER RECOMMENDA -
TIONS  
(a) If no count in a Statement of Alleged 
Violation is proved, the Committee shall prepare a report to the House of Representa-tives, based upon the report of the adjudica-tory subcommittee. 
(b) If an adjudicatory subcommittee com-
pletes an adjudicatory hearing pursuant to Rule 23 and reports that any count of the Statement of Alleged Violation has been proved, a hearing before the Committee shall be held to receive oral and/or written sub-missions by counsel for the Committee and counsel for the respondent as to the sanction the Committee should recommend to the House of Representatives with respect to such violations. Testimony by witnesses shall not be heard except by written request and vote of a majority of the Committee. 
(c) Upon completion of any proceeding held 
pursuant to clause (b), the Committee shall consider and vote on a motion to recommend to the House of Representatives that the House take disciplinary action. If a majority of the Committee does not vote in favor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.036 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1065 February 13, 2015 
the recommendation that the House of Rep-
resentatives take action, a motion to recon-sider that vote may be made only by a mem-ber who voted against the recommendation. The Committee may also, by majority vote, adopt a motion to issue a Letter of Reproval or take other appropriate Committee action. 
(d) If the Committee determines a Letter 
of Reproval constitutes sufficient action, the Committee shall include any such letter as a part of its report to the House of Representa-tives. 
(e) With respect to any proved counts 
against a Member of the House of Represent-atives, the Committee may recommend to the House one or more of the following sanc-tions: 
(1) Expulsion from the House of Represent-
atives. 
(2) Censure. (3) Reprimand. (4) Fine. (5) Denial or limitation of any right, 
power, privilege, or immunity of the Member if under the Constitution the House of Rep-resentatives may impose such denial or limi-tation. 
(6) Any other sanction determined by the 
Committee to be appropriate. 
(f) With respect to any proved counts 
against an officer or employee of the House of Representatives, the Committee may rec-ommend to the House one or more of the fol-lowing sanctions: 
(1) Dismissal from employment. (2) Reprimand. (3) Fine. (4) Any other sanction determined by the 
Committee to be appropriate. 
(g) With respect to the sanctions that the 
Committee may recommend, reprimand is appropriate for serious violations, censure is appropriate for more serious violations, and expulsion of a Member or dismissal of an of-ficer or employee is appropriate for the most serious violations. A recommendation of a fine is appropriate in a case in which it is likely that the violation was committed to secure a personal financial benefit; and a recommendation of a denial or limitation of a right, power, privilege, or immunity of a Member is appropriate when the violation bears upon the exercise or holding of such right, power, privilege, or immunity. This clause sets forth general guidelines and does not limit the authority of the Committee to recommend other sanctions. 
(h) The Committee report shall contain an 
appropriate statement of the evidence sup-porting the Committee’s findings and a statement of the Committee’s reasons for the recommended sanction. 
RULE 25 . DISCLOSURE OF EXCULPATORY  
INFORMATION TO RESPONDENT  
If the Committee, or any investigative or 
adjudicatory subcommittee at any time re-ceives any exculpatory information respect-ing a Complaint or Statement of Alleged Violation concerning a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives, it shall make such information known and available to the Member, officer, or em-ployee as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the transmittal of evidence sup-porting a proposed Statement of Alleged Vio-lation pursuant to Rule 26(c). If an investiga-tive subcommittee does not adopt a State-ment of Alleged Violation, it shall identify any exculpatory information in its posses-sion at the conclusion of its inquiry and shall include such information, if any, in the subcommittee’s final report to the Com-mittee regarding its inquiry. For purposes of this rule, exculpatory evidence shall be any evidence or information that is substantially favorable to the respondent with respect to the allegations or charges before an inves-tigative or adjudicatory subcommittee. RULE 26 . RIGHTS OF RESPONDENTS AND  
WITNESSES  
(a) A respondent shall be informed of the 
right to be represented by counsel, to be pro-vided at the respondent’s own expense. 
(b) A respondent may seek to waive any 
procedural rights or steps in the disciplinary process. A request for waiver must be in writing, signed by the respondent, and must detail what procedural steps the respondent seeks to waive. Any such request shall be subject to the acceptance of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate. 
(c) Not less than 10 calendar days before a 
scheduled vote by an investigative sub-committee on a Statement of Alleged Viola-tion, the subcommittee shall provide the re-spondent with a copy of the Statement of Al-leged Violation it intends to adopt together with all evidence it intends to use to prove those charges which it intends to adopt, in-cluding documentary evidence, witness testi-mony, memoranda of witness interviews, and physical evidence, unless the subcommittee by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members decides to withhold certain evi-dence in order to protect a witness, but if such evidence is withheld, the subcommittee shall inform the respondent that evidence is being withheld and of the count to which such evidence relates. 
(d) Neither the respondent nor respond-
ent’s counsel shall, directly or indirectly, contact the subcommittee or any member thereof during the period of time set forth in paragraph (c) except for the sole purpose of settlement discussions where counsels for the respondent and the subcommittee are present. 
(e) If, at any time after the issuance of a 
Statement of Alleged Violation, the Com-mittee or any subcommittee thereof deter-mines that it intends to use evidence not provided to a respondent under paragraph (c) to prove the charges contained in the State-ment of Alleged Violation (or any amend-ment thereof), such evidence shall be made immediately available to the respondent, and it may be used in any further proceeding under the Committee’s rules. 
(f) Evidence provided pursuant to para-
graph (c) or (e) shall be made available to the respondent and respondent’s counsel only after each agrees, in writing, that no document, information, or other materials obtained pursuant to that paragraph shall be made public until— 
(1) such time as a Statement of Alleged 
Violation is made public by the Committee if the respondent has waived the adjudicatory hearing; or 
(2) the commencement of an adjudicatory 
hearing if the respondent has not waived an adjudicatory hearing; but the failure of re-spondent and respondent’s counsel to so agree in writing, and therefore not receive the evidence, shall not preclude the issuance of a Statement of Alleged Violation at the end of the period referenced to in (c). 
(g) A respondent shall receive written no-
tice whenever— 
(1) the Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber determine that information the Com-mittee has received constitutes a complaint; 
(2) a complaint or allegation is trans-
mitted to an investigative subcommittee; 
(3) that subcommittee votes to authorize 
its first subpoena or to take testimony under oath, whichever occurs first; and 
(4) the Committee votes to expand the 
scope of the inquiry of an investigative sub-committee. 
(h) Whenever an investigative sub-
committee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation and a respondent enters into an agreement with that subcommittee to settle a complaint on which the Statement is based, that agreement, unless the respondent 
requests otherwise, shall be in writing and signed by the respondent and the respond-ent’s counsel, the Chair and Ranking Minor-ity Member of the subcommittee, and out-side counsel, if any. 
(i) Statements or information derived sole-
ly from a respondent or respondent’s counsel during any settlement discussions between the Committee or a subcommittee thereof and the respondent shall not be included in any report of the subcommittee or the Com-mittee or otherwise publicly disclosed with-out the consent of the respondent. 
(j) Whenever a motion to establish an in-
vestigative subcommittee does not prevail, the Committee shall promptly send a letter to the respondent informing the respondent of such vote. 
(k) Witnesses shall be afforded a reason-
able period of time, as determined by the Committee or subcommittee, to prepare for an appearance before an investigative sub-committee or for an adjudicatory hearing and to obtain counsel. 
(l) Prior to their testimony, witnesses 
shall be furnished a printed copy of the Com-mittee’s Rules of Procedure and the provi-sions of the Rules of the House of Represent-
atives applicable to the rights of witnesses. 
(m) Witnesses may be accompanied by 
their own counsel for the purpose of advising them concerning their constitutional rights. The Chair may punish breaches of order and decorum, and of professional responsibility on the part of counsel, by censure and exclu-sion from the hearings; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House of Rep-resentatives for contempt. 
(n) Each witness subpoenaed to provide 
testimony or other evidence shall be pro-vided the same per diem rate as established, authorized, and regulated by the Committee on House Administration for Members, offi-cers and employees of the House, and, as the Chair considers appropriate, actual expenses of travel to or from the place of examina-tion. No compensation shall be authorized for attorney’s fees or for a witness’ lost earn-ings. Such per diem may not be paid if a wit-ness had been summoned at the place of ex-amination. 
(o) With the approval of the Committee, a 
witness, upon request, may be provided with a transcript of the witness’ own deposition or other testimony taken in executive ses-sion, or, with the approval of the Chair and Ranking Minority Member, may be per-mitted to examine such transcript in the of-fice of the Committee. Any such request shall be in writing and shall include a state-ment that the witness, and counsel, agree to maintain the confidentiality of all executive session proceedings covered by such tran-script. 
RULE 27 . FRIVOLOUS FILINGS  
If a complaint or information offered as a 
complaint is deemed frivolous by an affirma-tive vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, the Committee may take such action as it, by an affirmative vote of a ma-jority deems appropriate in the cir-cumstances. 
RULE 28 . REFERRALS TO FEDERAL OR STATE  
AUTHORITIES  
Referrals made under clause 3(a)(3) of Rule 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives may be made by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the members of the Committee. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1. An act to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.039 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1066 February 13, 2015 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 12 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, Feb-ruary 17, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
450. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated Sin-gle-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits received February 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
451. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Valuation of Benefits and Assets; Ex-pected Retirement Age received February 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
452. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Major final rule — Hazardous and Solid Waste Management System; Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals from Electric Utilities [EPA-HQ-RCRA-2009-0640; FRL-9149-4] (RIN: 2050-AE81) received February 11, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
453. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and sec-tion 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a six-month periodic report on the na-tional emergency with respect to persons un-dermining democratic processes or institu-tions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
454. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Establishing Transit Areas Through Walrus Protection Areas at Round Island and Cape Peirce, Northern Bristol Bay, Alaska; Amendment 107 [Docket No.: 140519437-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-BE24) received February 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
455. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fish-ery; Framework Adjustment 52 [Docket No.: 140507412-5014-02] (RIN: 0648-BE22) received February 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
456. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-
tration’s final rule — Vessel Monitoring Sys-tems; Requirements for Enhanced Mobile Transceiver Unit and Mobile Communication Service Type-Approval [Docket No.: 130402316-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-BD02) received February 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
457. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Trip Limit Adjustment for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 140106011-4338-02] (RIN: 0648-XD637) received February 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
458. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2015 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allow-able Catch Amounts [Docket No.: 131021878- 4158-02] (RIN: 0648-XD693) received February 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
459. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Processors Using Trawl Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alas-ka [Docket No.: 130925836-4174-02] (RIN: 0648- XD713) received February 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
460. A letter from the Chief, Trade and 
Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s interim regulations — United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement (RIN: 1515-AD59) received February 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
461. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB rule — Price v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2004- 149 received February 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
462. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Relief for Certain Participants in Section 414(d) Governmental Plans [Notice 2015-07] received February 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
463. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 501(c)(29) Organization Appli-cation Procedures (Rev. Proc. 2015-17) re-ceived February 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
464. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Annual price inflation adjustments for passenger automobiles first placed in service or leased in 2015 (Rev. Proc. 2015-19) received February 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
465. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Qualified Zone Academy Bond Alloca-
tions for 2014 [Notice 2015-11] received Feb-ruary 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
466. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 5000A National Average Pre-mium for a Bronze Level of Coverage [2015] (Rev. Proc. 2015-15) received February 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
467. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — January 2015 (Rev. Rul. 2015-1) received February 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
468. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB rule — Mirarchi v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2004-148 received February 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
469. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — New Clean Renewable Energy Bonds [Notice 2015-12] received February 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself, Ms. L ORET -
TASANCHEZ of California, Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida): 
H.R. 962. A bill to jump-start economic re-
covery through the formation and growth of new businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Ways and Means, Science, Space, and Technology, Appropria-tions, and Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
D
EFAZIO, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. T AKAI): 
H.R. 963. A bill to modify the requirements 
applicable to locatable minerals on public domain lands, consistent with the principles of self-initiation of mining claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California): 
H.R. 964. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide an above-the- line deduction for child care expenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and 
Mr. B
OUSTANY ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE7.037 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1067 February 13, 2015 
H.R. 965. A bill to require the issuance of 
guidance on the application of the Federal policy for the protection of human subjects with respect to clinical data registries; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MEEKS , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 966. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 to award grants to prepare individuals for the 21st century workplace and to increase America’s global competitiveness, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. 
DELAURO ): 
H.R. 967. A bill to prohibit the President 
from entering into a free trade agreement or investment treaty with a foreign country or countries if the agreement or treaty includes investor-state dispute settlement provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mr. 
C
APUANO , and Mr. K INGof New York): 
H.R. 968. A bill to make the acquisition, in-
stallation, and maintenance of security cam-eras, safety lighting, and building locking mechanisms in public housing an eligible ac-tivity under community development block grant program; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. 
P
ALAZZO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. C RAMER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. H IMES, Mr. L EWIS, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. S IRES, Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. C OOK, Mr. A MODEI , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. N UGENT , Mr. F ORBES , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Ms. E STY, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ARTER  
of Texas, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. J OYCE , 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. L ATTA , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. R EED, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. BARLETTA , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ECKof 
Washington, Mr. R OSS, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. P ITTS, Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. S IMP-
SON, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. 
COLE, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. J ENKINS  
of West Virginia, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mr. H ARDY , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, and Ms. D EGETTE ): 
H.R. 969. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 970. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
Education from engaging in regulatory over-reach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAUL, and Mr. B UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 971. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize a 6- month extension of certain exclusivity peri-ods in the case of approved drugs that are subsequently approved for a new indication to prevent, diagnose, or treat a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 972. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by requiring a Federal emission permit for the sale or use of covered sub-stances and to return funds to the American people; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B OST, Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. 
BURGESS ): H.R. 973. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination pro-visions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 974. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to promulgate regulations to allow the use of hand-propelled vessels on certain rivers and streams that flow in and through certain Federal lands in Yellow-stone National Park, Grand Teton National Park, the John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 975. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow the transfer of re-quired minimum distributions from a retire-ment plan to a health savings account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. 
ELLMERS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
COLE, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. F LORES , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. 
GOSAR ): 
H.R. 976. A bill to repeal changes made by 
health care reform laws to the Medicare ex-ception to the prohibition on certain physi-cian referrals for hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCHOCK (for himself, Mr. 
T
ONKO , Mr. T URNER , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ANGEL , 
and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H.R. 977. A bill to enable hospital-based 
nursing programs that are affiliated with a hospital to maintain payments under the Medicare program to hospitals for the costs of such programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SCHOCK (for himself, Mr. 
C
ROWLEY , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut): 
H.R. 978. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 
1930 to increase and adjust for inflation the maximum value of articles that may be im-ported duty-free by one person on one day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself, Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. I SSA, 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H UNTER , 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. M IMI 
WALTERS of California, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
TED LIEU of California, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. C AL-
VERT , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. B ERA, Mr. R OYCE , Ms. 
SPEIER , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. 
LEE, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mr. D ENHAM , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.100 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1068 February 13, 2015 
ESHOO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C OOK, Ms. 
BASS, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. P ELOSI , and Mr. 
MCCARTHY ): 
H.R. 979. A bill to designate a mountain in 
the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra Na-tional Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , and Mr. L OBIONDO ): 
H.R. 980. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of nationally uniform and environ-
mentally sound standards governing dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BYRNE (for himself, Mr. R
OG-
ERSof Alabama, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
PALMER ): 
H.R. 981. A bill to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to improve the Gulf of Mexico Red Snapper fishery by providing flexibility for fishing managers and stability for fisherman, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 982. A bill to ensure that any author-
ity of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund to borrow amounts from the Treasury is used only to pay mortgage insurance claims; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
F
ATTAH , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania): 
H.R. 983. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to minimum levels of financial responsibility for the transpor-tation of property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself 
and Mr. C
OLE): 
H.R. 984. A bill to amend the National 
Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasi-bility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Ms. 
C
ASTOR of Florida): 
H.R. 985. A bill to enable concrete masonry 
products manufacturers to establish, fi-nance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to im-prove, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. 
C
UELLAR , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan, Mr. K INZINGER of Illi-
nois, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. R EED, Mr. W ALDEN , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
LONG, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, Mr. F LORES , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
MCHENRY , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. A LLEN , Mr. R ICEof South Caro-
lina, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. K LINE, 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. H ECK of 
Nevada, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H UIZENGA  
of Michigan, and Mr. M CCAUL): 
H.R. 986. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a means by which nonresidents of a State whose residents may carry concealed firearms may also do so in the State; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Ms. 
J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. 
HENSARLING ): 
H.R. 987. A bill to repeal the wage rate re-
quirements commonly known as the Davis- Bacon Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. 
HONDA ): 
H.R. 988. A bill to reauthorize the Elder 
Justice Act of 2009; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, Energy and Com-merce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. H ECK of Washington, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
and Mr. M EEKS ): 
H.R. 989. A bill to clarify the National 
Credit Union Administration authority to improve credit union safety and soundness; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. L ANCE , 
and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 990. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the exclusion for transportation benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. 
M
CKINLEY , and Mr. W ITTMAN ): 
H.R. 991. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to recognize the dependent chil-dren of members of the Armed Forces who are serving on active duty or who have served on active duty through the presen-tation of an official lapel button; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. 
J
OHNSON of Ohio): 
H.R. 992. A bill to waive the application fee 
for veterans with a service-connected dis-ability rated at 50 percent or more who apply to participate in the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’s Pre H.R. 992 IH in-cludes the term ‘‘Pre ✔
TM.’’ The bill brief has 
been hand edited to include this term. If the check mark and trademark symbol can’t be duplicated in the Congressional Record, please use the term ‘‘PreCheck.’’ program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico (for herself, Ms. T
SON-
GAS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): 
H.R. 993. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to repeal the limitation on the number of veterans authorized to be enrolled in programs of independent living services and assistance administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. P EARCE ): 
H.R. 994. A bill to amend the Radiation Ex-
posure Compensation Act to improve com-pensation for workers involved in uranium mining, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, and Energy and Commerce, for a pe-
riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. B
OU-
STANY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K EATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. 
POCAN ): 
H.R. 995. A bill to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. L YNCH , Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. H AHN, Mr. C LAY, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Miss R ICEof 
New York, Ms. K USTER , Mrs. B EATTY , 
and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico): 
H.R. 996. A bill to designate certain Na-
tional Forest System lands and certain pub-lic lands under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilderness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recovery areas, and biological con-necting corridors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 997. A bill to declare English as the of-
ficial language of the United States, to es-tablish a uniform English language rule for naturalization, and to avoid misconstruc-tions of the English language texts of the laws of the United States, pursuant to Con-gress’ powers to provide for the general wel-fare of the United States and to establish a uniform rule of naturalization under article I, section 8, of the Constitution; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mrs. 
M
ILLER of Michigan, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama, and Mr. M CCAUL): 
H.R. 998. A bill to establish the conditions 
under which the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity may establish preclearance facilities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.100 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1069 February 13, 2015 
conduct preclearance operations, and provide 
customs services outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERSON , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. K LINE, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. O LSON , 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. 
STIVERS ): 
H.R. 999. A bill to direct the Consumer 
Product Safety Commission and the Na-tional Academy of Sciences to study the ve-hicle handling requirements proposed by the Commission for recreational off-highway ve-
hicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such requirements until the completion of the study; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 1000. A bill to establish the National 
Full Employment Trust Fund to create em-ployment opportunities for the unemployed; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. 
J
ONES , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. D ESANTIS , 
and Mr. A MASH ): 
H.R. 1001. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to terminate certain en-ergy tax subsidies and lower the corporate income tax rate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. R
ANGEL , 
Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. P AULSEN , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. K IND, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
PASCRELL ): 
H.R. 1002. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for 2 years the exclusion from gross income of discharges of qualified principal residence indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. B
ARR, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , and Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina): 
H.R. 1003. A bill to amend the National 
Labor Relations Act to permit employers to pay higher wages to their employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 1004. A bill to reauthorize the Enhanc-
ing Education Through Technology Act of 2001; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Mr. L OEBSACK ): 
H.R. 1005. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a pilot program to train individ-uals for employment in the renewable energy and energy efficiency industries; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
HINOJOSA , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 1006. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to help build a stronger health care workforce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 1007. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions for the SelectUSA Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLI -
TANO , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. C LAY): 
H.R. 1008. A bill to authorize the Export- 
Import Bank of the United States to use 3 percent of its profits for administrative ex-penses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
COOK, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
SCHIFF , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico): 
H.R. 1009. A bill to authorize the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency to award mitigation financial assistance in certain areas affected by wildfires; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mr. 
A
LGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 1010. A bill to provide for the post-
humous commission as a captain in the reg-ular Army of Milton Holland, who, while ser-geant major of the 5th Regiment, United States Colored Infantry, was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Civil War; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP: 
H.R. 1011. A bill to require the disclosure of 
determinations with respect to which Con-gressional staff will be required to obtain health insurance coverage through an Ex-change; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.J. Res. 33. A joint resolution to authorize 
the use of the United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself and 
Mr. C
UELLAR ): 
H.J. Res. 34. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States allowing the States to call a limited convention solely for the purposes of considering whether to propose a specific amendment to the Constitution; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PITTENGER (for himself, Mr. 
W
ALKER , Mr. V ARGAS , and Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida): 
H. Res. 111. A resolution calling on the 
Government of Iran to immediately release Saeed Abedini and all other individuals de-tained on account of their religious beliefs; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia): 
H. Res. 112. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of the Secondary School Student Athletes’ Bill of Rights; to the Com-
mittee on Education and the Workforce, and 
in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H. Res. 113. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that in order to continue aggressive growth in the Nation’s telecommunications and tech-nology industries, the United States Govern-ment should ‘‘Get Out of the Way and Stay Out of the Way‘‘; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S PEIER , and 
Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
H. Res. 114. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the month of February 2015 as ‘‘National Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month‘‘; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. L EE): 
H. Res. 115. A resolution recognizing the 
cultural and historical significance of Lunar New Year; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. C
ROW-
LEY, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and 
Ms. B ORDALLO ): 
H. Res. 116. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of International Mother Language Day in bringing attention to the importance of preserving linguistic and cul-tural heritage through education; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. D
ENT, 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Ms. D EGETTE , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. K IND, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M CHENRY , Ms. M ENG, 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi, Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.100 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1070 February 13, 2015 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mrs. 
ELLMERS , and Mr. C OOPER ): 
H. Res. 117. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of vaccinations and immuniza-tions in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. K ILMER , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California): 
H. Res. 118. A resolution recognizing the 
significance of the 68th anniversary of the signing of Executive Order 9066 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and supporting the goals of the Japanese American, German American, and Italian American commu-nities in recognizing a National Day of Re-membrance to increase public awareness of the events surrounding the restriction, ex-clusion, and incarceration of individuals and families during World War II; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 964. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. YARMUTH: 
H.R. 966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 967. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power. . . To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of Constitu-
tion of the United States 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which gives 
the Congress the authority to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Addi-tionally, under Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 which gives Congress the power to promote the progress of science and useful arts by se-curing for limited times to authors and in-ventors the exclusive right to their respec-tive writings and discoveries. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 972. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 973. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7, giving Con-
gress the authority to control the expendi-tures of the federal government. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 974. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 975. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause I of the United 
States Constitution—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 976. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for car-rying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States). 
By Mr. SCHOCK: 
H.R. 977. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. SCHOCK: 
H.R. 978. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 7, and Article I, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: 
H.R. 979. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-
erty Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the property belonging to the United States. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 980. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 981. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: To regulate Commerce 
with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 982. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Sec. 8, clause 1 (relating to the 
general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 983. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority for this bill is 
pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 985. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8,Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 986. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The 2nd Amendment, which states that ‘‘A 
well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 987. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation adjusts the formula the 
federal government uses to spend money on federal contracts, therefore, it is authorized by the Constitution under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress its spend-ing power. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 988. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13FE7.100 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1071 February 13, 2015 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 989. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 990. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 991. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
By Mr. LATTA. 
H.R. 992. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
And Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H.R. 993. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 994. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 995. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 996. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2, relating to 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. MEEHAN: 
H.R. 998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, 
section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 999. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 1000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 1001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 1002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ROKITA: 
H.R. 1003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States that states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 1004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 1005. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 1006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 1007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 1008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 1009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 1010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. WENSTRUP: 
H.R. 1011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7—No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of Re-ceipts and Expenditures of all public Money 
shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.J. Res. 33. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.J. Res. 34. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution of the United 
States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 114: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 143: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. W EBER of 
Texas. 
H.R. 167: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 169: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 173: Mr. H ILLand Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 189: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 199: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 232: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 247: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 264: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 270: Mr. H ILLand Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 284: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 289: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 303: Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 310: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 313: Ms. E STY, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 321: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 333: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
SIMPSON , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 344: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 380: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 383: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 401: Mr. H ILL, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 403: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 427: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 445: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 449: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 452: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 456: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , 
Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 484: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 485: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 494: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 509: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 518: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 519: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 529: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 532: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 537: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 546: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 551: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 555: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 556: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 572: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
and Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 578: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. 
BLUM. 
H.R. 594: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 595: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 601: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, and Mr. B LUM. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.027 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1072 February 13, 2015 
H.R. 606: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 612: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 619: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 622: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 628: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 642: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 643: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 647: Mr. R USHand Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 648: Mr. R USH, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 649: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 650: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 662: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 663: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 670: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MARINO , and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 673: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 703: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 704: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 709: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 711: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. R ICHMOND , 
and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 721: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Ms. T ITUS, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. S CHOCK , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 722: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 723: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 729: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 731: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 732: Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 742: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 751: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana. 
H.R. 758: Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 782: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 785: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia and Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 793: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 816: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. 
ROUZER . 
H.R. 823: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE. 
H.R. 843: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 845: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California. 
H.R. 846: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. H OYER , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. W ELCH , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 850: Mr. S CHOCK . 
H.R. 855: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 861: Mr. B ERA, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
FOSTER , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
SABLAN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and 
Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 863: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 868: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C RAMER , and 
Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 880: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. Y OUNG of In-
diana, and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 884: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 885: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 903: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 915: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 923: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 927: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 932: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. 
CA´RDENAS . 
H.R. 936: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 961: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. L EVIN. 
H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. B ABIN. 
H. Res. 14: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. Y OHO. 
H. Res. 28: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . 
H. Res. 49: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H. Res. 74: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H. Res. 92: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. 
H. Res. 102: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
BABIN. 
H. Res. 108: Mr. W ALDEN , Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B LUM, Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. F ARR, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. B UCK, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
REED, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
WOODALL , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
CHABOT , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. A LLEN , and 
Mr. N UNES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE7.011 H13FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E211 February 13, 2015 
HONORING CAREER OF CHAPLAIN 
PAUL S. ANDERSON, USN CDR 
HON. CHAKA FATTAH 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to one of our nation’s gifted vet-erans, Commander Paul S. Anderson, Chap-lain in the United States Navy. Commander Anderson has enjoyed a long and illustrious career as a Chaplain in the United States Navy. For twenty-five years he served as pas-tor, counselor and mentor to the thousands men and women of the Navy and the Marine Corps providing them with moral and spiritual support. 
Commander Anderson personifies honor, 
courage and commitment. He truly is a tal-ented and gifted chaplain who has enjoyed amazing reach and impact to all who have benefitted from his ministry. 
On May 1, 2015 the Navy says farewell to 
one of its best and most dedicated chaplains as Commander Anderson will retire from ac-tive duty service. He leaves his watch with the confident assurance that serving in one of the most distinctive ministries in the world was God’s specific calling on his life. He has served his country with honor and distinction and today we honor him for his commitment and service. 
Chaplain Anderson concludes his Navy ca-
reer path as the Deputy Chaplain for Joint Forces Headquarters-National Capitol Region at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C. His port-folio included Joint Plans and Operations for Religious Support for ceremonies and cir-cumstances that might overwhelm the capacity of civil authorities. Prior to that assignment, he was the Chief of the Department of Pastoral Care and Clinical Ethicist at the Fort Belvoir Community Hospital in Fort Belvoir, Virginia. 
Commander Anderson has served nobly at 
duty stations across the nation and around the world. They include: Naval Mobile Construc-tion Battalion 133, Gulfport, MS ; USS MID-
WAY (CV–41), Yokosuka, Japan; Chief of 
Naval Personnel Command, Washington, D.C.; Marine Corps Base, Okinawa, Japan; Naval District Washington, D.C.; USS MON-
TEREY (CG–61), Norfolk, VA; Boston Univer-
sity, Boston, MA; Southwest Asia Region, Manama, Bahrain; Maritime Helicopter Strike Wing, Mayport, FL; National Naval Military Medical Center; Bethesda, MD; Walter Reed Army Medical Center; Washington, D.C.; Fort Belvoir Community Hospital; Fort Belvoir, VA; Joint Forces Headquarters-National Capital Region and Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, D.C. 
His decorations include Joint Meritorious 
Service Medal, Navy/Marine Corps Com-mendation Medal (3); Navy/Marine Corps Achievement Medal; Meritorious Unit Com-mendation Award; Good Conduct Award; Hu-manitarian Service Medal (2); National De-fense Service Medal (2); Global War on Ter-rorism Medal (Expeditionary); Global War on 
Terrorism Medal; Sea Service Ribbon and Overseas Service Ribbon. 
Chaplain Anderson has earned four grad-
uate degrees; a Master of Divinity from An-drews University, a Master of Education in Counseling and Personnel Services from the University of Maryland and a Masters of Sa-cred Theology in Religion and Culture from Boston University. His Doctor of Ministry de-gree was conferred by Wesley Theological Seminary in Washington, D.C. He also holds certifications in Suicide Awareness and Pre-vention, Civil Mediation, Alternate Workplace Dispute Resolution, Temperament Analysis, Marriage Enrichment, Workforce Diversity and is a certified Life Coach. 
Commander Anderson anchors his life with 
the following text: Psalms 37:4–5; Proverbs 3:5–6; John 14:1–3; Romans 8:28; Galatians 6:9; and 1 John 1:9. 
On behalf of a grateful nation we salute you 
Chaplain Anderson, and wish you fair winds and following seas as you enter retirement and embrace a new chapter in your life. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE ‘‘MANAGED 
CARBON PRICE ACT OF 2015’’ 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to re-introduce legislation to put a price on harmful carbon emissions. 
Tackling climate change is not merely a 
warm, fuzzy idea championed by tree huggers. It is a growing crisis with global impli-cations that environmentalists, business lead-ers, political leaders, and military strategists alike cannot ignore. Earlier this year, the White House included climate change among its ‘‘top strategic risks,’’ citing ‘‘increased nat-ural disasters, refugee flows, and conflicts over basic resources like food and water.’’ Even the Pentagon has been sounding the alarm on climate change. 
In reintroducing this legislation, I call contin-
ued attention to an issue of which I have long been a champion. I first introduced legislation to impose a carbon tax in 2009, recognizing the scientific consensus and anticipating the growing call to action precipitated by the in-creasingly drastic weather events and their growing human, environmental and fiscal cost. 
My legislation, the Managed Carbon Price 
Act of 2015, places a price on carbon emis-sions that would increase over time. The pro-ceeds from this legislation go into a newly-cre-ated Energy and Economic Security Trust Fund where 100 percent of the revenue goes back to the public to offset any price in-creases. This bill is good for the environment and good for business. 
While Seattleites have long recognized the 
need to act on climate change, I am pleased to see President Obama and the Environ-mental Protection Agency take bold actions to 
confront this growing threat. With our inter-national partners moving forward, multinational and American businesses already accounting for future prices on carbon, and former Repub-lican officials acknowledging the urgency of this growing threat, it is past time for Congres-sional Republicans to accept the science and work together with Democrats to combat cli-mate change. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
HONORING THE TUCSON PEACE 
CENTER’S 33RD ANNUAL PEACE FAIR & MUSIC FESTIVAL 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to rec-
ognize the Tucson Peace Center’s Peace Fair and Music Festival on its 33rd Anniversary next Saturday, February 28, 2015. 
The Tucson Peace Center is an umbrella 
organization for 150 of Tucson’s local peace, social justice, environmental, and labor groups. Regular Peace Fair participants in-clude the Women’s International League of Peace and Freedom (WILPF, celebrating their 100th anniversary this year), Move to Amend, Veterans for Peace, the American Civil Lib-erties Union, AZ4NORML, Jobs With Justice, Nuclear Resister, Physicians for Social Re-sponsibility, and Watershed Management Group among many others. Newly formed or-ganizations like $15 Now, Arizonans for Gun Safety, Tucson United for Climate Action (TUCAN), and Friends of Rosa will also be on hand. 
The Peace Fair and Music Festival is an op-
portunity for residents to learn what is hap-pening in their community while you catch up with old friends and make new ones. There are free activities for the kids like a labyrinth, face-painting, and a whimsy parade. The Cul-ture of Peace Alliance will offer hands-on ac-tivities to entertain young fair-goers. 
This year’s theme is challenging poverty. 
Growing income inequality and stagnating working-class wages place many friends and neighbors in precarious financial positions. As a community, we seek answers to the struc-tural problems that exacerbate poverty. We also offer an opportunity to enrich our lives through meaningful engagement and re-envi-sioning what constitutes true wealth on a plan-et undergoing massive ecological changes. 
I want to acknowledge all of the dedicated 
workers from the 150 local peace, social jus-tice, environmental and labor groups who vol-unteer their time to make the Peace Fair and Music Festival happen every year. 
Congratulations and best wishes to the Tuc-
son Peace Center’s Peace Fair and Music Festival as we join to celebrate its 33rd year of expanding peace in the Tucson community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13FE8.001 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E212 February 13, 2015 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
APPROVAL ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 11, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise once 
again in opposition to the Keystone XL Pipe-
line Approval Act (S. 1). Despite no evidence suggesting that Congressional intervention is needed, this is the second time this Congress that the Republicans are bringing forward a bill to sidestep federal requirements and approve TransCanada’s application for the Keystone Pipeline. I oppose this legislation and support the ongoing federal review of the environ-mental, safety, and economic impacts of this application to determine if this pipeline is truly in our national interest. 
The Keystone XL pipeline would transmit oil 
1,700 miles from the tar sands of Alberta, Canada across the U.S. to the Gulf of Mexico where it would be refined and exported to global markets. According to federal law, the State Department must complete an environ-mental review of all cross-border projects of this magnitude. The State Department re-quested comments on Keystone XL by Feb-ruary 2, 2015 from the Pentagon, the Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA), and the De-partments of Energy, Justice, Interior, Com-merce, Transportation, and Homeland Secu-rity. The EPA released their public comments on this day stating that the recent trend of global decline in oil prices should be factored in on whether to approve Keystone XL pipe-line. The State Department needs the time to thoroughly evaluate the EPA and other agen-cies’ comments. 
In Minnesota, this project has the potential 
to negatively impact our economy. The Key-stone XL pipeline would divert Canadian oil that now flows to refineries in Minnesota and the upper Midwest to the Gulf of Mexico. Di-verting oil away from Minnesota could result in job losses at our refineries. Respected oil economist Philip Verleger wrote an op-ed pub-lished in the Star Tribune in March 2011 stat-ing that in his expert opinion the oil diversion will diminish supply, resulting in an increase in the cost of oil and food for Minnesotans and the rest of the Midwest. In fact, he states the country as a whole would end up paying near-ly $5 billion more for oil than we do today if the pipeline is built. Other economists have estimated that the pipeline will result in the creation of only 50 permanent jobs nationally. 
President Obama has stated that he will 
veto this legislation because S. 1 sidesteps the process for deciding whether a cross-bor-der pipeline serves the national interest of the American people. I support the President’s de-cision to veto S. 1. The precedent of forgoing our national due diligence in order to benefit of a foreign company is irresponsible. The Amer-ican people deserve an adequate review is conducted. Trading dubious economic benefits for potentially disastrous environmental con-sequences and higher costs for Minnesota families and small businesses is simply not a trade I am willing to make. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in opposing the Keystone XL Pipeline Ap-proval Act and instead bring a bill to the House floor that works to strengthen the mid-dle class. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote yesterday because of a serious illness in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Roll Call #77—YEA. Roll Call #78—AYE. Roll Call #79—NAY. Roll Call #80—YEA. 
f 
REMEMBERING DEAN SMITH 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to pay tribute to Dean Smith, one of North Carolina’s most admired and accom-plished citizens, who passed away on Feb-ruary 7, 2015. Dean Smith will long be re-membered for his successes as head coach of the men’s basketball team at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1961 until his retirement in 1997. The statistics are daz-zling: two national championships, 11 Final Four appearances, 17 Atlantic Coast Con-ference regular-season titles and 13 ACC tour-nament titles, 8-times ACC Coach of the Year, and Head Coach of the gold-medal winning USA Olympic Basketball team in 1976. He re-tired with 879 victories, which was the NCAA Division I men’s basketball record at that time. 
Behind these statistics is the coach of whom 
his long-time rival Coach Mike Krzyzewski of Duke University said, ‘‘He was one of a kind . . . one of the greatest basketball minds and a magnificent teacher and tactician.’’ The trib-utes that have come forth from his players uni-formly praise his lifelong loyalty to them and his excellence as a mentor. ‘‘He was more than a coach,’’ recalled Michael Jordan, ‘‘He was my mentor, my teacher, my second fa-ther. Coach Smith was always there for me whenever I needed him and I loved him for it. In teaching me the game of basketball, he taught me about life.’’ 
Dean Smith was also a powerful force for 
good in the community, working actively and courageously for civil rights and equal justice throughout his life. I have known Dean since my student days at UNC, when he was an as-sistant coach and an active member of Binkley Baptist Church, a fledgling congregation fo-cused on social justice. His sister, Joan Ewing, managed my district office for eight years, and his daughter Kristen was on my campaign staff. I was honored to join his fam-ily at the White House in 2013, when he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The intervening years mark an unparalleled career, a life well-lived, and thousands of lives positively shaped and influenced. 
With Dean Smith it was not a matter of a 
celebrity endorsing worthwhile causes; Dean was there all along. Long before he was a na-tional figure, in 1958, he accompanied an Afri-can-American friend to a restaurant in Chapel Hill, thereby breaking down the barrier of seg-regation. Much later, when long-time Binkley Baptist pastor Robert Seymour told the story 
to Washington Post reporter John Feinstein, Coach Smith expressed some irritation: ‘‘I wish he hadn’t done that.’’ ‘‘Dean,’’ the re-porter replied, ‘‘you should be proud of doing something like that.’’ Dean Smith looked him in the eye, ‘‘John, you should never be proud of doing the right thing. You should just do the right thing.’’ 
This story captures the essence of what 
Dean Smith was about. Mr. Speaker, I have selected three complementary pieces to fill out this exceptional story, and I ask that they be included in the record. 
[From the Raleigh News and Observer, Feb. 
9, 2015] 
DEANSMITH LEAVES A LEGACY FARBEYOND  
SPORTS  
(Editorial) 
Jerry Stackhouse, the former basketball 
All-America for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, remembered his former coach, Dean Smith, with a personal anecdote that had little to do with coaching or a game. He recalled that years after he left Smith’s program, he would send his fi-nancial records to Smith. 
Dean Smith, who died Saturday night at 
the age of 83 after several years of declining health, did that for a lot of former players, famous and, more often than not, not fa-mous. He found them jobs, called if a child was sick, counseled them through personal crises. 
And he did more. Long before integration 
was common in North Carolina, Smith and his minister and a young African-American student walked into a Chapel Hill res-taurant, sat down and ate dinner. Chapel Hill was thereafter integrated. He did, in effect, the same with the men’s basketball program, bringing in Charles Scott as the first black player. Today, Scott remembers that Smith always called him ‘‘Charles,’’ because that was his name and his preference, in contrast to the more sports-friendly Charlie. 
GENUINE AND GENEROUS  
He lectured governors on what he believed 
to be the heinous wrong of the death pen-alty. He endorsed liberal politicians. He did not like criticism, but he did not fear it. 
He contributed to charities, believing in 
the dignity of others and the obligation to share. He was a sportsman, a thinker, a theo-logian. 
And, yes, he was one of the greatest coach-
es in the history of sports, all sports. His records and his innovations (the four-corners offense, the huddle at the foul line before shots) will be exhaustively documented in the next days, as the coach is widely mourned. 
But so many who played for him, and so 
many who never played for him or even met him, will remember first his humanity and his genuineness. 
For he was the most decent of men. It was 
bred in him at birth, as his parents taught him the value of all, and they lived those values themselves, pushing for integration of the races in Kansas when that was not a common much less a popular cause. Young Dean Smith learned well, and he, too, lived those values all his life. 
If one talked to him about his upbringing, 
asked the question, ‘‘Coach, where did your views on life and values come from?’’ he would go back to Kansas and his parents, both public school teachers. In 1934, his fa-ther coached the Emporia High school team to a state championship, with the first black player ever in the Kansas state tournament. 
TIME FOR EVERYONE  
Though Smith held strong opinions, he un-
derstood that those who didn’t agree but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.001 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E213 February 13, 2015 
were loyal fans and alums of the institution 
he represented were due respect as well. It was the way he treated everyone, whether a big booster of the university’s athletics pro-gram during a golf game or a kid on a play-ground. Everyone got time, and everyone got a smile. 
His way, and his skills, he shared gener-
ously. Said one high school coach, exiting a Smith-taught clinic for coaches: ‘‘What that man knows . . .’’ 
Make no mistake. He was a ferocious com-
petitor, and he hated to lose. But he won well. Oft-cited in his obituaries was his reac-tion to his team’s victory in the 1982 na-tional championship against Georgetown. It was an emotional, hard-fought and close game. But when UNC won, Smith’s first move was to hug John Thompson, the Georgetown coach. Class, all the commenta-tors said. 
Yes, but that was simply the man. When 
coaches against whom Smith had competed got into trouble or needed help in finding an-other position, he would make the calls him-self to other schools, and his blessing was gold. A seeming multitude of his former players became coaches themselves. 
But they also became teachers and doctors 
and principals and successful people in work and in life. Dean Smith took great pleasure in that, primarily in their happiness. Always he would be ‘‘the coach.’’ Always he was first the man, and the friend. 
GRANTLAND : DEANSMITH, 1931–2015 
(By Charles P. Pierce, Feb. 9, 2015) 
One year, when the Final Four was being 
held in Atlanta and it coincided, as it occa-sionally does, with Easter, my family and I went to services at the Ebenezer Baptist Church—the new one, across the street from the imposing place in which both Reverend Martin Luther Kings once preached, and in which Alberta Williams King, the wife of Martin Sr. and the mother of Martin Jr., was shot to death while playing the organ in 1974. The old church, still majestic, is now a Na-tional Historic Site. After the services, we walked across the street and into the sanc-tuary. It was cool and dark. Very few people were there. 
As part of the experience of the site, re-
cordings of sermons from both Reverend Kings are played in the sanctuary. Looking around, we saw a solitary figure sitting far in the back, his elbows on his knees and his hands folded. His eyes were closed. And he was listening to the recordings with great in-tensity. It was Dean Smith. I left him alone with his thoughts. He’d earned his private moments in this sacred space. 
Before discussing his career as one of the 
three greatest coaches in the history of col-lege basketball, we must deal with one as-pect of Smith’s life that trumps all the championships, all the wins, all the losses, and all the great players who came his way. The fact is that, when this country was fi-nally forced through blood and witness to confront the great moral crisis that grew out of its original sin, Smith was a winter sol-dier of the first rank. 
His father integrated a high school team in 
Kansas in the early 1930s. Smith himself walked into a Chapel Hill restaurant as part of the first great wave of protests in the 1950s. He tried to recruit Lou Hudson, and then he did recruit Charlie Scott, blowing up the color line in the Atlantic Coast Con-ference forever. He brought Scott home to dinner, and he brought Scott to church, al-ways the most segregated place in America, even, alas, today. 
It’s hard today to imagine what profound 
moral choices these were when Smith made them. It’s hard today to imagine how easy it would have been for him to make a different 
choice, to go along and get along. Smith would have been a great basketball coach if he’d gone along and gotten along. He might have won 879 games eventually, after other coaches had made the choices and changed the world. But he would not have been the man he was, and that makes all the dif-ference today. 
Smith died on Saturday. He had been ill a 
long time with a form of dementia, and that is a fight in which I happen to have a par-ticularly nasty dog. I know from my own family’s battles with this cruelest of all dis-eases, a disease that disappears the indi-vidual long before it kills the body, that the work of the kindest mercy is to become the memory that the person has lost. It is some-thing atavistic in us, almost visceral, that awareness that the tribe needs to remem-ber—and that the collective memory is al-ways plural. We tell their stories, even to 
them, even while they are still alive, because we are their surviving memory, because the person already is lost. 
So that is the memory I have of Dean 
Smith. That, one Easter morning, I saw him in a sacred place and that the air in the place was cool and solemn and as thick with history as the morning sunbeams were thick with dust. He was deep in the shadows, eyes closed, lost in his thoughts, listening to the powerful words of preachers long and sadly dead. I left him alone there and walked back out into the sunlight. 
Let’s talk about the coach for a moment, 
though, because that was the heart of his story, the thing that enabled the world to hear the rest of it. There is the undoubted excellence. There are the wins. And there is the incredible array of talent that ran through his North Carolina program. (In the World Tournament of Alumni, I’ll take a five of James Worthy, Brad Daugherty, Vince Carter, Michael Jordan, and, what the hell, George Karl and go play anyone, except maybe John Wooden’s boys from UCLA.) But one of the most remarkable things about it is that, except for two of the most monu-mental mistakes in the history of college basketball, Smith might have had the game’s most obviously unfinished career. He won his first national title in 1982, when Georgetown’s Fred Brown tossed the ball to Worthy as the Hoyas were after the last shot. He won his next one in 1993, when Michigan’s Chris Webber had the mother of all vapor locks in the same situation. What it would have been like to have Smith retire without a national championship I have no idea—especially not in the win-or-die way we measure excellence these days—but it would have certainly been one of the greatest sta-tistical anomalies of all time. 
In style, Smith was the bench jockey’s 
bench jockey. He rarely rose, but he chewed on officials with the best of them. (Wooden was very much the same, according to a lot of people who played against his teams.) In fact, Smith remains only the second head coach ever to be ejected from a Final Four game (Al McGuire was the first), when he was asked to absent himself from the Hoo-sier Dome late in a semifinal against Kansas in 1991. He was the most famous sneak-smok-er prior to the arrival on the national scene of Barack Obama. 
All of which brings me to another Dean 
Smith story. On March 28, 1977, which actu-ally was a rainy night in Georgia, his Tar Heels were contending with McGuire’s last Marquette team for a national champion-ship. The Warriors had led by 12 at halftime, but they had frittered away that lead and North Carolina had caught them and tied the game. These were the days before the shot clock, children, and Smith had devised the four corners offense, which was essentially a very elaborate game of keep-away. His point 
guard, Phil Ford, happened to be a master of it. With Marquette on the verge of collapse, Smith went into the stall, and he did so with star freshman forward Mike O’Koren on the bench. Astonished by Smith’s move, McGuire had his team lay back in a zone, which al-lowed his players to catch their breath. Fi-nally, with O’Koren at the scorer’s table hop-ing desperately to get back in the game, a North Carolina sub named Bruce Buckley took the ball to the basket. Bo Ellis slapped the shot away, and you could feel the mo-mentum shift back again like the works of a great iron clock. Marquette won. It was the best sports night of my life, and I sent Smith a Christmas card every year after for the next five years. Really, I did. 
He was very much an eccentric in his own 
way, and had his best days before the game was so homogenized and commercialized that the eccentricity was bled out of it. He coached at the same time as Bob Knight at Indiana, and Abe Lemons at Texas, and McGuire at Marquette. It was a game for poets then, not for the slick salesmen of the modern era. Some of them were beat poets, and some of them wrote epics. I always thought of Smith as one of those all-Amer-ican craftsmen-poets—Longfellow, maybe, or Edgar Lee Masters. His lines were always perfectly metered. Lord, how his game al-ways rhymed. 
As I grow older, I grow impatient with the 
impermanence of memory, with history now considered to be whatever came over your iPhone 15 minutes ago. It is inadequate to what we are. It truncates the collective memory, and that is never a good thing. We are each other’s stories, all of us. We keep other stories alive so we can be assured that ours will stay alive too. That is the most devastating thing that happens with the dis-ease that took Smith’s life. If we’re not very careful, and if we don’t make sure to keep the memories we have that are lost to the person with the disease, it breaks that cycle of collective memory and we are all less for that. I learned that watching this disease in-vade my own family, and it is why I try so very hard to remember my father’s voice, even though it’s mainly lost to me now. 
So remember Dean Smith however you 
wish—as a coach, as a teacher, as a reluctant celebrity, or as a friend. For me, I will re-member him in the cool shadows of the sanc-tuary on a bright Easter morning, listening to the words of men long dead and gone. I re-member him there now, for his sake and for my own. I remember him there in the small piece of a very sacred place that his life had earned. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEAN SMITH 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I would like to submit the following article in my remembrance of Dean Smith. 
CAROLINA ATHLETICS : THESTORIES ARETRUE 
(By Adam Lucas, 2-8-15) 
I have been sitting here staring at this 
screen for 30 minutes. And what I have fi-nally decided I want you to know the most about Dean Smith is this: it’s true. 
In the next few hours and days, as the trib-
utes to the legendary man pour in, you are going to hear all of the incredible stories again. Some you may hear for the first time. Some you may hear for the hundredth time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.003 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E214 February 13, 2015 
These stories are true, and you should re-
member all of them, because now it’s our job to pass them down. Don’t embellish them. They don’t need it. They are good enough with just the facts. 
You will hear basketball stories. You will 
hear former players talk about how Smith would tell them exactly what was going to happen in a game. He would tell them what the opponent would do, how the Tar Heels would react, and how the opponent would react to that reaction. Then it would happen, all of it, just as he described. 
These stories are true. We know this be-
cause we sat in Carmichael in 1974 when his team came back from eight points in 17 sec-onds against Duke with no three-point line. I just told that story to my children on Sat-urday night when we drove home from the airport after returning from the win at Bos-ton College. My nine-year-old son was talk-ing about a crazy NBA comeback he’d read about. 
‘‘Do you know,’’ I said, ‘‘that Carolina 
came back from eight points down in 17 sec-onds with no three-point line?’’ 
‘‘Whoa,’’ said my daughter. ‘‘Is that true?’’ 
It is true. Those of us of a different generation than 
the Carmichael crowd were in the Smith Center when Smith’s simple act of calling a timeout so shook a top–20 opponent that they meekly crumbled. I will forever believe that’s what happened when Smith took a timeout after Henrik Rodl made a three- pointer against Florida State with less than ten minutes left on the clock in 1993. Rodl’s three-pointer had cut the FSU lead to 17 points. 17 points! 
It didn’t matter. All that mattered was 
that the Florida State players and coaches knew Smith thought a comeback was pos-sible, or else he wouldn’t burn one of his pre-cious timeouts. And if Smith thought a comeback was possible, then it was possible, and he’s done this before, you know, and uh oh, there went another turnover, and it’s getting kind of loud in here, and pretty soon Carolina had an 82–77 win. 
That was true. That happened. Dean Smith 
called a timeout, and Florida State wilted. 
And yet despite all those wins, we know 
exactly how uncomfortable Smith was with celebrating any of them. I can report, with authority, that with much cajoling from his players, he once did the ‘‘raise the roof’’ ges-ture after his Tar Heels won the 1997 ACC Tournament championship, and then again after earning a spot in the Final Four. It was the mid–1990’s. Everyone made mistakes. 
Otherwise, however, the man who never 
looked flustered on the sideline looked com-pletely awkward in victory. He would almost apologetically shake the other coach’s hand. If it happened to be an ACC or NCAA cham-pionship, he would try to disappear while the nets were being cut, so unwilling was he to climb the ladder and be the focal point of the fans and players. 
Most of the time, those of us in the stands 
would chant, ‘‘Dean! Dean! Dean!’’ when he was finally persuaded to cut the final snippet. It seems a little disrespectful now. But it was the 1980s and 1990s. All of us made mistakes. 
It didn’t really matter, because he would 
act like he didn’t hear us. With scissors in hand, before cutting the first strand, he would point to every manager, player and as-sistant coach he could find. 
That was true. That happened after every 
championship, and there were a lot of them. 
There are also those who will tell you 
those championships are completely insig-nificant. Funny thing about the people who most often say that: they are invariably the ones who knew him best, the ones who most understood his true character. ‘‘I can’t put his impact on me into words,’’ 
Phil Ford said of Smith. ‘‘I don’t know where I’d be without him in my life. He’s been such an influence on me, and a friend and a broth-er and a father figure . . . Before I chose North Carolina, I felt that Coach Smith would be there for me my entire life. I was right.’’ 
Imagine that. A 17-year-old boy felt Dean 
Smith would be there for him for his entire life, and 40 years later, he still believes it. Wouldn’t you like to have one person say that about you in your life? Dean Smith has—this is not an exaggeration—hundreds. 
‘‘All of that is credited to him,’’ Michael 
Jordan once said of his career. ‘‘It never would have happened without Coach Smith.’’ 
These quotes mean a lot to us because they 
are from Phil Ford and Michael Jordan. But what Smith knew, and what he made every one of his players feel, is that the number of points they scored for him made absolutely no difference. My father and I had a joke in the mid–1990s. Carolina had a player named Pat Sullivan who was not at all flashy. At various times, he played on teams with George Lynch and Eric Montross and Rasheed Wallace and Jerry Stackhouse, much better-known players who were prone to occasionally doing the spectacular. 
It never, ever failed: Stackhouse could 
have had the most ferocious dunk of the sea-son and Wallace could have thrown down an absurd alley-oop and Montross could have had a double-double and Lynch could have had the game-winning steal. Then, in the car on the way home, we would turn on the Tar Heel Sports Network to hear Smith’s postgame comments and seemingly every time, they would start with, ‘‘Well, Pat had a good game,’’ because he had set a screen to free a teammate for an open shot that the teammate missed. 
That happened. Pat had good games. Dean 
Smith talked about it. At the time, we laughed, and yet 20 years later, we still re-member it. 
This seems like the right time to point out 
that without ever really knowing he was doing it, Dean Smith gave all of us some of the best moments of our lives with the most important people in our lives. It doesn’t mat-ter whether you attended every game in the Smith era or whether you watched every game on television. Because of the way Smith did it, and for how long he did it, we could relate through generations. 
We cried in the living room (I did that, 
after Louisville beat Carolina in 1986 in the NCAA Tournament) and we danced around that same living room (my dad and I did that, after Rick Fox hit the shot against Oklahoma in 1990) and we high-fived in the stands. 
That’s what we did in 1993 in the Louisiana 
Superdome. My dad is an accountant and therefore spends most of March and April at the office. But when Carolina made the Final Four, he would find a way to get to the game. In 1993, he waited until the Tar Heels defeated Kansas in the national semifinals. He stayed at work two more days, then caught a flight with two connections from Raleigh to New Orleans. He slid into his seat minutes before the national championship game tipped off against Michigan, and so I can say that I watched Carolina win the na-tional title with my dad. 
We went to Bourbon Street after the game, 
because that’s what everyone told us you were supposed to do, and so there we were— perhaps the two least Bourbon Street-ish people in all of New Orleans, including one CPA with a pile of unfinished tax returns on his desk back in Raleigh—high fiving the Tar Heel players and taunting Dick Vitale (who had picked Michigan to win the game), and we did all of that because of Dean Smith. Without Dean Smith and Carolina basket-
ball, I assume and hope we would have found something else to talk about and live to-gether. But because of Dean Smith and Caro-lina basketball, I never have to know for sure if that’s true. The people we cheered and laughed with on all those incredible days are the people we cry with—if we’re lucky— today. I told my father the news this morn-ing. Later, he texted me this: 
‘‘I am very, very sorry. It is really very 
sad. He was a large part of our family for many, many years and many, many fun times. We had a lot of good times and he was always there. It doesn’t seem possible to me. It seems like he and the good times ought to last forever.’’ 
And so that is why this news will be dev-
astating to so many of us, because there are so many families who this morning will be texting and thinking those exact same words. We aren’t ready for it to end. 
About a year ago, I was at the Smith Cen-
ter on a typical weekday afternoon. A cus-tomized van was parked in the first parking space outside the basketball office, and I knew. As I walked into the basketball office, Dean Smith came out, being pushed in a wheelchair, a Carolina hat on his head. 
It was awful, and it makes my eyes moist-
en even now to think about it. It was not at all the way I wanted to think about him. And I would like to admit something to you now: from then on, when I saw that van, I would sometimes take a different path into the building, because I wanted my Dean Smith to be the one I remembered. I wanted my Dean Smith to be the one who I men-tioned my daughter’s name to on exactly one occasion, and six months later when passing me in the parking lot, he recalled it per-fectly and asked how she was doing. 
That’s my Dean Smith and I wanted that 
to be everyone’s Dean Smith. I don’t want today’s students to think of him as old or sick. Understand this: this man could do anything. This man could coach and this man could help integrate a town or a league and this man changed the lives of hundreds of teenagers who played for him plus thou-sands of the rest of us who lived vicariously through their exploits. 
It still boggles my mind that so many 
Carolina fans in 2015 don’t even remember the era when Smith was on the sideline. He’s as much a name on a building as a coach to current UNC students. It’s been hard enough living in a basketball world without Dean Smith in it. Now we have to consider living 
in an overall world without Dean Smith in it. 
I don’t want to be part of that world. And 
luckily, I don’t have to. On Monday, I will pack my son’s lunch, and I will write a Dean Smith quote on the napkin. I don’t know yet which one it will be, but I know that when I see him on Monday afternoon, I will ask him about it, and we will talk, and Dean Smith will be the one who enabled that to happen. 
That’s true. That will happen. And it will 
keep happening, and we are the ones who get to do it. I guess that pretty soon I will feel lucky for having these experiences and get-ting the opportunity to cheer for him and learn from him and admire him. 
But right now I really think I want to sit 
down and have a good cry. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. RAY 
GREENBERG 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today I 
wish to extend my congratulations to Ray 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.005 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E215 February 13, 2015 
Greenberg, of Upper Southampton, on being 
named Person of the Year by the Feasterville Business Association. A certified financial planner, Ray Greenberg is recognized as one who continues to work for the betterment of the association and its members within the Feasterville Business Association he founded. A busy schedule has not deterred him from service to other local charitable and civic groups, such as the Southampton Free Li-brary, where, as a trustee, he has led fund-raising efforts for the Library’s Access cam-paign designed to help renovate the library and expand programming for adults and chil-dren. A 32nd degree Mason and past presi-dent of the Quaker Shriners Club, Ray Green-berg’s enthusiasm and spirit of volunteerism is widely recognized and I congratulate him on receipt of this honor, as well as his continued commitment to the economic success of the community and its residents. In so doing, Ray Greenberg inspires others to follow his lead. 
f 
FATHER KEVIN CORCORAN 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Father Kevin Corcoran who, after 16 years of support and service to the Depart-ment for Persons with Disabilities will be hon-ored as Person of the Year on Sunday, Feb-ruary 22, 2015 at the 45th Annual Murray House Dinner Dance in Paterson, NJ. 
Father Kevin Corcoran is a native of Dover, 
New Jersey. In 1986, he graduated from Mor-ris Catholic High School in Denville, and upon graduation dedicated the next four years of his life to serving in the United States Air Force. He demonstrated remarkable courage and dedication to serving his country, and would continue to exemplify core Air Force values: ‘‘Integrity first, service before self, and excel-lence in all we do’’. 
During his time in the Air Force, Father 
Kevin was stationed in Texas, Colorado, and Korea. While in Korea, he received a Black Belt in Taekwondo from the University of Seoul. 
In 1999, Father Kevin answered the call to 
a vocation in priesthood, and enrolled in St. Mary’s seminary and University in Baltimore, Maryland. Specializing in theological studies, he received both a B.A. and M.A. in theology. 
His first assignment as a priest was at St. 
Anthony Parish in Hawthorne, where he served as a parochial vicar from 1999–2007. As such, Father Kevin carried out the func-tions of teaching, sanctifying and leading the people of St. Anthony’s parish. He and his col-leagues worked tirelessly to guide and lead the community of St. Anthony’s through faith and fellowship. 
For several months in 2010, while assisting 
his mother who was ill, Father Kevin did priestly ministry at St. Mary’s Parish, in Golds-boro, North Carolina. 
From 2007–2012, as well as 2011 to the 
present, Father Kevin has served as priest- secretary to Bishop Arthur J. Serratelli of the Diocese of Paterson, in addition to being Vice Chancellor and Master of Ceremonies for Episcopal Liturgical events. Father Kevin has had the privilege to work with Bishop Serratelli, who has shown exemplary leader-
ship within his community, serving on multiple boards such as the Committee on Divine Wor-ship and Chairman of the Ad hoc Sub-Com-mittee for the Review of Scripture Trans-lations. 
Through the Department for Persons with 
Disabilities, Father Kevin and Bishop Serratelli have greatly assisted adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities by providing residential, vocational, spiritual, and social services. Their involvement has empowered persons with disabilities to become active, contributing, and valued members of their community, and have helped them to live life to the fullest with dignity and respect. 
The Department for Persons with Disabilities 
is an organization that is near and dear to my heart. I have attended the Annual Murray House Dinner Dance, and have had the privi-lege of watching their organization grow and flourish throughout the years. Father Corcoran is an exceptional man and I commend him on his achievements. 
The job of a United States Congressman in-
volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of individuals such as Fa-ther Kevin Corcoran. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues, Father Kevin Corcoran’s coworkers, family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the work of Father Kevin Corcoran. 
f 
NAACP ON ITS 106TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People, better known as the NAACP, which is celebrating its 106th Birthday this week. 
Since its founding in 1909, the NAACP has 
been at the forefront of the fight to protect the civil rights of all Americans. The mission state-ment of the NAACP is to ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of rights of all persons and to eliminate race- based discrimination in the United States. It has done so by advocating and influencing the passage of landmark legislation ranging from the Civil Rights Act to the Voting Rights Act, and monumental court decisions such as the holdings in Brown v. the Board of Education and Smith v. Allwright. 
Maryland’s 4th Congressional District, made 
up of portions of Anne Arundel and Prince George’s Counties, is the only majority minor-ity suburban district in the country. So I can speak from personal experience to the accom-plishments of the NAACP that have impacted my district and constituents. 
The NAACP has had a presence in Anne 
Arundel County since 1944 and has done much to advance the cause of civil rights for its residents. Just as was the case in many other counties across the nation, Anne Arun-del County operated under Jim Crow laws until the latter half of the 20th century. Seg-regation was the law of the land and the County’s African-American residents experi-enced racial discrimination in all aspects of 
their lives. The NAACP was central in the fight to combat these injustices and worked over the following decades to expand voter partici-pation, legally challenge the segregated school system, and bring the equality of op-portunity to Anne Arundel County. 
When Hester V. King founded the Prince 
George’s County chapter of the NAACP in 1935, there were 60,000 people living in the county, approximately 10 percent of whom were African-American. But, as in many parts of Maryland, the population exploded in the decades after the Second World War. African- Americans made up a significant part of this population expansion, but found they contin-ued to encounter racial discrimination and segregation. During this transitional period, the NAACP was involved in numerous civil rights issues in Prince George’s County, from the legal challenges that led to the elimination of the dual school system to the creation of the Human Relations Commission just to name a few. Prince George’s County is now the wealthiest African American-majority County in the United States. This success is thanks in no small part to the NAACP, which has always resolutely placed them in the vanguard of the struggle for equality. 
Yet despite all that has been accomplished 
over the years there is still much to be done. Racial profiling is a pervasive policy in both the workplace and in many police departments all over the country, unequal law enforcement on young black men, and threats to voter ac-cess shows that the work championed by the NAACP is as important today as it was 106 years ago at its founding. So while it is right that we look back and recognize all the progress that has been made under their lead-ership, we also must look to the future to what remains to be accomplished under the contin-ued leadership of the NAACP. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I want to state that 
on Thursday, February 12, I unfortunately missed two roll call votes as I was attending the bill signing ceremony at the White House for the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for Amer-ican Veterans Act, of which I am a proud origi-nal cosponsor. This law will go a long way to increase access to mental health care and sui-cide prevention resources for military servicemembers and veterans Had I been present I would have voted: 
1. NO—Ordering the Previous Question on 
H. Res. 101 
I would have voted no in order to allow a 
vote on H.R. 861, a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security through the end of fiscal year 2015, which would prevent a partial government shutdown and provide certainty that DHS operations to protect Amer-icans will proceed without interruption. 
2. NO—Approving H. Res. 101 I would have voted no on H. Res. 101, 
which prevented the House from considering any amendments to either H.R. 644 or H.R. 636. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.007 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E216 February 13, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 71–76 due to a family emer-gency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted no 
on #71, no on #72, no on #73, yes on #74, no on #75, and yes on #76. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due to 
illness, I was unable to attend votes the week of January 5, 2015. I would have supported final passage of the following bills: 
Roll Call #7 (H.R. 22: Hire More Heroes Act 
of 2015—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Roll Call #8 (H.R. 26: Terrorism Risk Insur-
ance Program Reauthorization Act—On Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Roll Call #9 (H.R. 37: Promoting Job Cre-
ation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Roll Call #10 (H.R. 23: National Windstorm 
Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Roll Call #14 (H.R. 30: Save American 
Workers Act of 2015—On Passage) 
Roll Call #16 (H.R. 3: Keystone XL Pipeline 
Act—On Passage) 
Due to illness, I was also unable to attend 
votes the week of January 19, 2015. I would have supported final passage of the following bills: 
Roll Call #41 (H.R. 161: Natural Gas Pipe-
line Permitting Reform Act—On Passage) 
Roll Call #45 (H.R. 7: No Taxpayer Funding 
for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Dis-closure Act of 2015—On Passage) 
f 
RECOGNIZING COMMISSIONER OF 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION, THOMAS S. WINKOWSKI 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the retiring acting Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, Thomas S. Winkowski. He has served with distinction, and is now ending his tenure after a 39-year career with CBP and other border security agencies. His tireless efforts have helped keep our borders secure and improved the effi-ciency and effectiveness of our border oper-ations. 
Thomas Winkowski joined the U.S. Customs 
Service in 1975 as a cooperative education student. Upon graduating from Boston’s North-eastern University in 1978, he was assigned to Los Angeles where he became a Customs inspector. He has subsequently served as Mi-
ami’s port director, director at Los Angeles International Airport as well as Director of field operations in Miami from 2002 to 2007. 
Mr. Winkowski assumed the role of acting 
commissioner on March 30th, 2013, taking the lead role of the 60,000-employee Customs and Border Protection agency. He has been a consistent advocate for innovation and effi-ciency, and since serving as assistant com-missioner in CBP’s Office of Field Operations in 2007, he has developed CBP into a world- class law enforcement organization through a stringent process of modernization and expan-sion of global operations. Mr. Winkowski also served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement where he led 20,000 employees in more than 400 offices in the United States and 48 foreign countries. 
In recognition of his excellent and distin-
guished service, Mr. Winkowski was awarded the Meritorious Presidential Rank Award by President Bush in 2004. In 2009, his service was also recognized by President (Obama, who awarded him the Distinguished Executive Presidential Rank Award. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize 
Thomas S. Winkowski, retiring acting commis-sioner of Customs and Border Protection. His years of dedication and commitment to our country have truly made this nation safer today. Thank you for this time. 
f 
HONORING THE 2014 FELLOWS OF 
THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF IN-VENTORS (NAI) 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 170 inventors who will soon be rec-ognized at the California Institute of Tech-nology and inducted as the 2014 Fellows of the National Academy of Inventors (NAI). In order to be named as a Fellow, these men and women were nominated by their peers and have undergone the scrutiny of the NAI Selection Committee, having had their innova-tions deemed as making significant impact on quality of life, economic development, and welfare of society. Collectively, among this elite group holds nearly 5,000 patents. 
The individuals making up this year’s class 
of Fellows include individuals from 114 re-search universities and non-profit research in-stitutes spanning not just the United States but also the world. The now 414 member group of Fellows is comprised of 61 presidents and senior leadership of research universities and non-profit research institutes, 208 members of the other National Academies, 21 inductees of the National Inventors Hall of Fame, 16 recipi-ents of the U.S. National Medal of Technology and Innovation, 10 recipients of the U.S. Na-tional Medal of Science, 21 Nobel Laureates, 11 Lemelson-MIT prize recipients, 112 AAAS Fellows, among other awards and distinctions. 
The National Academy of Inventors was 
founded in 2010 by Paul R. Sanberg at the University of South Florida. Its mission is to recognize and encourage inventors with pat-ents issued from the U.S. Patent and Trade-mark Office, enhance the visibility of academic technology and innovation, encourage the dis-
closure of intellectual property, educate and mentor innovative students, and translate the inventions of its members to benefit society. 
The contributions made to society through 
innovation are immeasurable. I commend these individuals, and the organizations that support them, for the work that they do to rev-olutionize the world we live in. As the following inventors are inducted, may it encourage fu-ture innovators to strive to meet this high honor and continue the spirit of innovation. 
The 2014 NAI Fellows include: Ilhan A. Aksay, Princeton University; Nancy 
L. Allbritton, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Jan P. Allebach, Purdue Uni-versity; Daniel W. Armstrong, The University of Texas at Arlington; Frances H. Arnold, Cali-fornia Institute of Technology; Kyriacos A. Athanasiou, University of California, Davis; 
Nadine N. Aubry, Northeastern University; David Baltimore, California Institute of Tech-nology; Amit Bandyopadhyay, Washington State University; Joseph J. Beaman, Jr., The University of Texas at Austin; James A. Birchler, University of Missouri-Columbia; Don-ald R. Bobbitt, University of Arkansas; Jeffrey T. Borenstein, The Charles Stark Draper Lab-oratory; H. Kim Bottomly, Wellesley College; Scott A. Brandt, University of California, Santa Cruz; Steven P. Briggs, University of Cali-fornia, San Diego; Robert A. Brown, Boston University; Karen J.L. Burg, Kansas State Uni-versity; Robert H. Byrne, University of South Florida; A. Robert Calderbank, Duke Univer-sity; Emily A. Carter, Princeton University; Alexander N. Cartwright, The State University of New York; H. Jonathan Chao, New York University; Ching-Shih Chen, The Ohio State University; Ashutosh Chilkoti, Duke University; Arul M. Chinnaiyan, University of Michigan; Steven Chu, Stanford University; James J. Coleman, The University of Texas at Dallas; J. Edward Colgate, Northwestern University; Barry S. Coller, The Rockefeller University; R. Graham Cooks, Purdue University; Rory A. Cooper, University of Pittsburgh; Harold G. Craighead, Cornell University; Charles S. Craik, University of California, San Francisco; Alfred J. Crosby, University of Massachusetts Amherst; Marcos Dantus, Michigan State Uni-versity; Huw M.L. Davies, Emory University; Mark R.D. Davies, University of Limerick; Mark E. Dean, The University of Tennessee, Knox-ville; Richard D. DiMarchi, Indiana University; Michael A. Dirr, The University of Georgia; Richard A. Dixon, University of North Texas; John P. Donoghue, Brown University; Jona-than S. Dordich, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti-tute; Jennifer A. Doudna, University of Cali-fornia, Berkeley; Anatoly Dritschilo, George-town University; Robert V. Duncan, Texas Tech University; Russell D. Dupuis, Georgia Institute of Technology; Victor J. Dzau, Duke University; James H. Eberwine, University of Pennsylvania; Elazer R. Edelman, Massachu-setts Institute of Technology; J. Gary Eden, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; Jennifer H. Elisseeff, Johns Hopkins Univer-sity; Sir Martin J. Evans, Cardiff University; David A. Evans, Harvard University; Gregg B. Fields, Torrey Pines Institute for Molecular Studies; Stephen R. Forrest, University of Michigan; Michael W. Fountain, University of South Florida; Ingrid Fritsch, University of Ar-kansas; Cynthia M. Furse, The University of Utah; Elsa M. Garmire, Dartmouth College; Samuel H. Gellman, University 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.011 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E217 February 13, 2015 
of Wisconsin-Madison; Amit Goyal, Oak Ridge 
National Laboratory; Bruce D. Hammock, Uni-versity of California, Davis; Justin Hanes, Johns Hopkins University; Frank W. Harris, The University of Akron; Vikki Hazelwood, Ste-vens Institute of Technology; Maurice P. Herlihy, Brown University; John C. Herr, Uni-versity of Virginia; David R. Hillyard, The Uni-versity of Utah; Jeffrey A. Hubbell, The Univer-sity of Chicago; Suzanne T. Ildstad, University of Louisville; M. Saif Islam, University of Cali-fornia, Davis; Robert D. Ivarie, The University of Georgia; Allan J. Jacobson, University of Houston; Trevor O. Jones, Case Western Re-serve University; Michael E. Jung, University of California, Los Angeles; Kattesh V. Katti, University of Missouri-Columbia; Jay D. Keasling, University of California, Berkeley; Behrokh Khoshnevis, University of Southern California; Marcia J. Kieliszewski, Ohio Univer-sity; Michael N. Kozicki, Arizona State Univer-sity; Juan C. Lasheras, University of Cali-fornia, San Diego; Wen-Hwa Lee, China Med-ical University; Chiang J. Li, Harvard Univer-sity; James Linder, University of Nebraska-Lin-coln; Stuart M. Lindsay, Arizona State Univer-sity; Robert J. Linhardt, Rensselaer Poly-technic Institute; Philip S. Low, Purdue Univer-sity; Yuri M. Lvov, Louisiana Tech University; Asad M. Madni, University of California, Los Angeles; Marc J. Madou, University of Cali-fornia, Irvine; Richard A. Mathies, University of California, Berkeley; Richard D. McCullough, Harvard University; Carver A. Mead, California Institute of Technology; Wen Jin Meng, Lou-isiana State University; Xiang-Jin Meng, Vir-ginia Tech; Thomas O. Mensah, Florida State University; Antonios G. Mikos, Rice University; Richard K. Miller, Olin College of Engineering; Duane D. Miller, The University of Tennessee Health Science Center; Jan D. Miller, The Uni-
versity of Utah; Sergey B. Mirov, The Univer-sity of Alabama at Birmingham; Jeffrey R. Morgan, Brown University; Brij M. Moudgil, University of Florida; Jose ´M.F. Moura, Car-
negie Mellon University; Shuji Nakamura, Uni-versity of California, Santa Barbara; Jagdish Narayan, North Carolina State University; Shree K. Nayar, Columbia University; Douglas F. Nixon, The George Washington University; Babatunde A. Ogunnaike, University of Dela-ware; Iwao Ojima, Stony Brook University; Nicholas A. Peppas, The University of Texas at Austin; Michael A. Peshkin, Northwestern University; Victor L. Poirier, University of South Florida; Mark R. Prausnitz, Georgia In-stitute of Technology; Darwin J. Prockop, Texas A&M University; Alain T. Rappaport, In-stitute for Human and Machine Cognition; Renee A. Reijo Pera, Montana State Univer-sity; Daniel E. Resasco, The University of Oklahoma; Rebecca R. Richards-Kortum, Rice University; Yasuko Rikihisa, The Ohio State University; Pradeep K. Rohatgi, University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee; Ba ¨rbel M. Rohrer, Med-
ical University of South Carolina; Erkki Ruoslahti, Sanford-Burnham Medical Re-search Institute; B. Don Russell, Jr., Texas A&M University; Ram Sasisekharan, Massa-chusetts Institute of Technology; W. Gregory Sawyer, University of Florida; Axel Scherer, California Institute of Technology; Joseph M. Schimmels, Marquette University; C. Richard Schlegel, Georgetown University; Saı ¨d M. 
Sebti, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer & Research Insti-tute; George E. Seidel, Jr., Colorado State University; Arup K. SenGupta, Lehigh Univer-sity; Wan Y. Shih, Drexel University; Kevin M. Short, University of New Hampshire; Richard 
B. Silverman, Northwestern University; Marwan A. Simaan, University of Central Flor-ida; Raj N. Singh, Oklahoma State University; Thomas C. Skalak, University of Virginia; Mohamed Y. Soliman, Texas Tech University; Bruce J. Tatarchuk, Auburn University; Gordon A. Thomas, New Jersey Institute of Tech-nology; Mark E. Thompson, University of Southern California; Thomas G. Thundat, Uni-versity of Alberta; Richard B. Timmons, The University of Texas at Arlington; Mark L. Tykocinski, Thomas Jefferson University; Kamil Ugurbil, University of Minnesota; An-thony J. Vizzini, Wichita State University; Horst Vogel, E ´cole Polytechnique Fe ´de´rale de 
Lausanne; Nicholi Vorsa, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey; Gordana Vunjak- Novakovic, Columbia University; Kristiina Vuori, Sanford-Burnham Medical Research In-stitute; Kevin M. Walsh, University of Louis-ville; Christine A. Wang, Massachusetts Insti-tute of Technology; Shaomeng Wang, Univer-sity of Michigan; Paul H. Weigel, The Univer-sity of Oklahoma; Jonathan A. Wickert, Iowa State University; Alan E. Willner, University of Southern California; Richard C. Willson, III, University of Houston; Chi-Huey Wong, Aca-demia Sinica; John A. Woollam, University of Nebraska-Lincoln; Shelby D. Worley, Auburn University; Chris Xu, Cornell University; Ping Xu, Shanghai Jiao Tong University; Zhi Xu, University of Missouri-St. Louis; Janet K. Yamamoto, University of Florida; Shu Yang, University of Pennsylvania; Michael J. Yaszemski, Mayo Clinic; Phillip D. Zamore, University of Massachusetts Medical School 
f 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
FIRST COURT HELD IN SCOTT COUNTY, VIRGINIA 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleas-
ure to recognize the 200th anniversary of the first court held in Scott County, Virginia. The community will celebrate this anniversary at the Scott County Courthouse on Sunday, Feb-ruary 15, 2015. 
As noted in press reports by Wayne 
McClelland, president of the Overmountain Men Chapter Sons of the American Revolu-tion, ‘‘It’s important to understand this 200th anniversary commemorates the government actually forming in Scott County.’’ 
Governor Wilson C. Nicholas on January 4, 
1815 signed a commission of the peace for 
Scott County, which was formed from parts of Washington, Lee, and Russell Counties and named in honor of General Winfield Scott, the most important American military figure of the War of 1812 (news of Colonel Jackson’s vic-tory in the battles surrounding New Orleans would not be known of for weeks after the signing of the commission of the peace). ‘‘Old Fuss and Feathers’’ served as Commanding General of the United States Army for twenty years, commanding forces in the Black Hawk War, the Mexican-American War, and the Sec-ond Seminole War. He was the leading mili-tary figure in the country up to the eve of the War Between the States. 
The commission of the peace signed by 
Governor Nicholas authorized citizens to orga-nize the first court and the first county govern-
ment. The county’s new court first convened on February 14, 1815, and met again the fol-lowing two days. Governor Nicholas had signed a commission appointing John Ander-son to serve as Sheriff and, after taking the oath of office, Sheriff Anderson on February 14, 1815 opened the Court of Scott County. William H. Carter was elected to serve as the first clerk of the court. The court appointed citi-zens to serve in county leadership positions, and also arranged for the county’s first elec-tion. 
I am proud to honor the history of Scott 
County and recognize all those who have served and continue to serve this community since it was founded more than 200 years ago. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,120,857,078,035.52. We’ve 
added $7,493,980,029,122.44 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 79–80 due to a family emer-gency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes 
on #79 and no on #80. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL AS-
SOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCE-MENT OF COLORED PEOPLE ON THEIR 106TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of the preeminent civil rights organizations in America, the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People, on their 106th anniversary. Widely recognized as the nation’s oldest and largest civil rights group, this orga-nization has been essential in helping African Americans find and maintain their voice since its founding in 1909. 
Founded by W.E.B. Du Bois, Ida B. Wells 
and a host of other progressive and forward thinking leaders, the NAACP has always been on the front lines for Blacks in this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.015 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E218 February 13, 2015 
Established partly in response to the horrific 
lynchings of the early 1900s, the group quickly expanded, focusing many of its early battles on the court system and legalized segregation. With the stated purpose of securing the rights guaranteed by the 13th, 14th and 15th Amendments for all Americans, the NAACP worked tirelessly to secure equal protection under the law and the right to vote. 
With the founding of the NAACP’s Legal De-
fense Fund in 1939, America saw the brilliant litigation strategy of Charles Hamilton Houston and Thurgood Marshall as they advocated for the famous Brown v. Board of Education deci-sion, which many credit with beginning the modern Civil Rights Movement. 
As the 20th century neared its close, and 
African Americans experienced the transition from the overt racism that plagues the Jim Crow South to urban areas plagued by pov-erty and crime. Again, the NAACP adopted its mantra to meet this challenge and remains a relevant advocate improving the lives of Blacks in America. 
I rise to recognize and celebrate the 106 
year history of the NAACP’s advocacy and. From the early 20th century, fighting for Blacks to serve as officers in World War I, to the present day efforts to address disparities in economic access and the criminal justice system, the NAACP continues to fulfill its mis-sion of providing a voice to the voiceless and improving the quality of life for all Americans. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE NORTHERN 
ROCKIES ECOSYSTEM PROTEC-TION ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, the destruction caused by nat-ural disasters across the country affirms the need to address climate change. Conservation 
efforts that protect wildlife ecosystems help to mitigate these climate concerns as well as provide lands for all Americans to enjoy. 
Today, I am proud to introduce legislation 
that helps preserve the northern Rockies—one of our country’s vital environmental regions. The Northern Rockies Ecosystem Protection Act will safeguard 23 million acres by estab-lishing a system to connect biological corridors on public lands in Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Oregon, and Washington. It prioritizes the health of whole ecosystems by designating all of the inventoried roadless areas as wilder-ness, including wild and scenic rivers. This designation helps ensure the preservation of native plants and animals. 
It’s our responsibility to preserve our coun-
try’s natural treasures for our own and future generations. I thank my colleague Public Lands Subcommittee Ranking Member R
AU´L 
GRIJALVA for his longstanding support. I urge 
others to join us in helping to protect these public lands. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and so I missed the following votes: 
Roll Call vote number 79 regarding the 
‘‘Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 644’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. 
Roll Call vote number 80 regarding the 
‘‘Fighting Hunger Incentive Act of 2015’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. 
On the Motion to Adjourn on February 12, 
2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. 
f 
THE ‘‘FORT PAYNE 7’’ REAL 
WORLD DESIGN TEAM 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I want to rec-
ognize and congratulate the success of the Fort Payne High School Real World Design Team, known as the ‘‘Fort Payne 7.’’ 
The ‘‘Fort Payne 7’’ team, with assistance 
from sponsor Hannah Turner, competed in the Real World Design team state challenge in 2013 and the national challenge in 2014. 
The 2013 Real World Design Challenge was 
to design an unmanned aerial vehicle that de-tects agricultural pests in a one-mile by one- mile cornfield in Fort Dodge, Iowa. After win-ning the state challenge, the team utilized the summer and fall months to complete the na-tional challenge. 
The national challenge was held in Wash-
ington, D.C., on November 15, 2014. The na-tional challenge team was made up of mem-bers Hunter Vezertzis, Noah Wofford, Matthew Wilding, Joshua Johnston, Hunter Terry, and Regan Anderson with Hannah Turner as the team coach and sponsor. Since then, the team has expanded with the addition of Jayden Parris, Ansley Grider, Harley Tate, and Emma Simpson. 
We are very proud of the ‘‘Fort Payne 7’’ 
and I want to congratulate them on their suc-cess, hard work and dedication. Competitions like these and the lessons learned will serve these young people for many years to come. I look forward to forwarding the students and their continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MEXICO’S SEC-
RETARY OF AGRICULTURE, ENRIQUE MARTINEZ Y MAR-TINEZ 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the accomplishments of Mexico’s Secretary of Agriculture, Enrique Martinez y Martinez. 
Secretary Martinez y Martinez’s career has 
been characterized by extraordinary leader-ship and service to the people of Mexico. Be-
fore beginning his career, Secretary Martinez y Martinez attended the Monterrey Institute of Technology, where he majored in economics. From 1976 to 1978, he served as State of Coahuila Treasury Undersecretary in charge of revenues. He next served as Mayor of Saltillo, Capital of the State of Coahuila from 1979 to 1981. In 1981, he became Coahuila State General Secretary, and served in this position until 1987. 
Other leadership roles Secretary Martinez y 
Martinez has held include Chairman of the State Electoral Commission, State of Coahuila Municipal Development Director, Chairman of the National Conference of Governors (CONAGO), Chairman of the Border Gov-ernors Conference, Chairman of the Public Administration National Institute in the State of Coahuila, Federal Congressman in Mexico’s 54th and 57th Congress, Chairman of the Re-gional Development and Production Support Committee, and Member of the Treasury and Public Credit Committee. From 1999 to 2005, he served as Governor of the State of Coahuila. He assumed the role Secretary of the Agriculture, Cattle Industry, Rural Develop-ment, Fishery and Food Ministry in 2012. Sec-retary Enrique Martinez y Martinez’s service exemplifies a shining example of humility and dedication. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-
portunity to recognize Mexico’s Secretary of 
Agriculture, Enrique Martinez y Martinez for his many accomplishments and great contribu-tions to our neighbor to the south. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TOLEDO MAYOR D. 
MICHAEL COLLINS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, February 13, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the noble life of Toledo Mayor D. Michael Collins, a true American and public servant whose life was tragically cut short. Mr. Collins was sworn into office one year ago as the 62nd Mayor of Toledo, Ohio, and every day he showed his dedication to the words ‘‘duty’’ and ‘‘honor.’’ An Irish-American from the South End of Toledo, he was a son and a father of Toledo. The love that our commu-nity felt for Mayor Collins was shown by the thousands who attended his wake and funeral this week. 
He served honorably with an honest soul 
that ferried our great city through a very dif-ficult year. Dedicated to the people of Toledo, he spent his entire adult life and work serving our community and country. 
Following his high school graduation he en-
listed in the U.S. Marine Corps, attaining the rank of Corporal, and every day exemplified the motto of the Corps, Semper Fidelis, ‘‘Al-ways Faithful.’’ After returning home, his public service continued for nearly three decades with the Toledo Police Department. He was later elected President of the Toledo Police Patrolmen’s Association. In 2007, he ran for City Council and quickly earned a reputation as a problem solver with deep knowledge of the City’s finances and budget. He ran for Mayor in 2013 in a heavily contested race, won with broad public support and was sworn into his first term. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.019 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E219 February 13, 2015 
Mayor Collins lived the City’s motto 
‘‘Laborare est Orare,’’ to work and to pray. He assiduously applied himself to every task he undertook. Throughout his life, he was an in-defatigable learner attaining many degrees that served him well in his leadership roles. He also taught at his alma mater, the Univer-sity of Toledo. During his time as Mayor, he shepherded 
the City through three major crises: the tragic loss of two firefighters in an arson-related fire, the shutoff of City water for three days be-cause of contamination by algal blooms in Lake Erie due to cyanotoxins, and, most re-cently, a snow emergency of the highest level. Through it all, Mayor Collins’ steady leader-ship, humble manner, and broad smile gave 
confidence to the public. 
On behalf of our entire community, I extend 
my deepest condolences to his beloved wife Sandy, who was always at his side, and to his daughters and grandchildren. Our citizenry has been blessed to know him, to work with him and for his service to us. May God bless him and bring him peaceful rest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13FE8.024 E13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D146 Friday, February 13, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 4:45 p.m. on Monday, February 16, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 49 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 962–1011; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 33–34, and H. Res. 111–118, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1066–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1071–72 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H1039 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 158 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 83. 
                                                                            Pages H1039, H1051 
America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 636, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-
tend increased expensing limitations, by a recorded vote of 272 ayes to 142 noes, Roll No. 82. 
                                                                                    Pages H1041–51 
Rejected the Neal motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Ways and Means with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 173 yeas to 241 nays, Roll No. 81.
                  Pages H1048–50 
Pursuant to the rule, in lieu of the amendment in 
the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–6 shall be considered as adopted.
                           Page H1041 H. Res. 101, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 644) and (H.R. 636), was agreed to on February 12. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 17th, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. 
                                                                                            Page H1051 
United States Group of the NATO Parliamen-tary Assembly—Appointment: The Chair an-
nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: Representative Turner, Chairman; Representatives Johnson (OH), Miller (FL), Marino, Guthrie, Cook, and Kinzinger (IL).
                                                   Page H1051 
Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members 
on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Representa-tives Pompeo and Womack.
                        Pages H1051–52 
Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy: Representatives Young (IN) and Rooney.
                                       Page H1052 
Board of Visitors to the United States Coast Guard Academy—Appointment: The Chair an-
nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE5.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D147 February 13, 2015 
Member on the part of the House to the Board of 
Visitors to the United States Coast Guard Academy: Representative Smith (NE).
                                 Page H1052 
Board of Visitors to the United States Air Force Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Air Force Academy: Representa-tives Lamborn and McSally.
                                 Page H1052 
Board of Visitors to the United States Merchant Marine Academy—Appointment: The Chair an-
nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy: Representative King (NY).
                       Page H1052 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1049–50, H1050–51, and H1051. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 12:22 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on the Department of Agriculture, Office of the Inspector General budget. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Department of Agriculture officials: Phyllis Fong, Inspector General; Gil Harden, Assistant In-spector General for Audits; and Ann Coffey, Acting Assistant Inspector General, Investigations. 
WHAT IS THE STATE OF ISLAMIC 
EXTREMISM: KEY TRENDS, CHALLENGES, AND IMPLICATIONS FOR U.S. POLICY 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘What Is the State of Islamic Extre-mism: Key Trends, Challenges, and Implications for U.S. Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-
nesses. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-
cluded a business meeting to adopt the committee’s views and estimates on the budget for fiscal year 2016. The committee’s views and estimates passed, as amended. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
RESTORATION ACT AND THE RELIGIOUS LAND USE AND INSTITUTIONALIZED PERSONS ACT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and the Religious Land Use and Institutional-ized Persons Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
D.C. METRO: IS THERE A SAFETY GAP? 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Transportation and Public Assets; Subcommittee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘D.C. Metro: Is There a Safety Gap?’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher A. Hart, Acting Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; Edward R. Mills, Assistant Fire Chief—Operations, District of Columbia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
FEBRUARY 16, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13FE5.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD148 February 13, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
4:45 p.m., Monday, February 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Tuesday, February 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in pro forma 
session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E218 
Carter, John R., Tex., E216 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E217 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E216, E218 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E218 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E215 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E215 
Fattah, Chaka, Pa., E211 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E214 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E217 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E211 
Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E217 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E218 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E216, E217 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E218 
McCollum, Betty, Minn., E212 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E211 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E215 Price, David E., N.C., E212, E213 Roe, David P., Tenn., E212 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Feb 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13FE5.REC D13FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST