Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5527 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 2015 No. 120 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. V
ALADAO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 28, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AVID G. 
VALADAO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
AFGHANISTAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, on July 22, 
The New York Times published an arti-cle titled ‘‘Afghan Security Forces Struggle Just to Maintain Stalemate,’’ by Joseph Goldstein. 
Mr. Goldstein writes that, because of 
extremely high casualty rates in the Afghan security forces, there is also a high desertion rate. As a result, the Af-ghans are struggling to maintain ade-quate numbers in their security forces, meaning, it is becoming extremely dif-
ficult for them to keep the Taliban at bay. 
The article is of great concern for 
those of us who have watched the fight against the Taliban since 2001. We have lost over 2,355 men and women in Af-ghanistan, with 20,000 wounded, and spent over $685 billion. 
The history of Afghanistan has 
shown that no outside military force has ever changed it, from Alexander the Great, to the British, to the Rus-sians. Yet, last year the Obama admin-istration signed a 9-year agreement, committing American money and man-power in Afghanistan that was not voted on by the Congress. 
That is so ironic. We are talking 
about voting on this agreement with Iran, but we did not vote to commit our troops and our money to Afghani-stan for 9 more years. 
As a member of the Armed Services 
Committee, I am concerned by Mr. Goldstein’s report. Let me give two quotes from his article about the abil-ity of the Afghan security forces to keep the Taliban at bay that I found very, very concerning. 
First: ‘‘A spokesman for the Afghan 
Defense Ministry . . . insisted that de-sertions remained rare and that there had been no effort to ban leaves or to stop rotations away from the front to cut down on the number of people going absent without leave.’’ 
The second quote: ‘‘But interviews 
with soldiers and police officers repeat-edly countered the government’s claims. One Army major said . . . ‘Once the soldiers are taken for their breaks, they are unwilling to come back and join their duty.’’’ 
Once again, Mr. Speaker, the Afghan 
Government is untruthful and corrupt. Yet, we continue to spend billions of dollars at this losing cause. 
It is not fair to the taxpayers of east-
ern North Carolina, the taxpayers of America, or anybody in this country that pays taxes that we will continue 
to send money there to build their in-frastructure and rebuild their roads and then to have the Taliban blow them up. It makes no sense. 
I can assure President Ghani, the 
President of Afghanistan, that the United States House continues to spend billions of dollars on Afghan re-construction so the Taliban can con-tinue to destroy what we send over there with the taxpayers’ money to be built. 
We in Congress should stop funding 
this rathole of a policy in Afghanistan, which has basically given the Afghan Government a blank check every year and will for the next 9 years. 
History has proven that we will never 
change this tribal nation, and we should stop trying. Instead, let’s focus on fixing our economy here in America. 
God bless our troops, and God bless 
America. 
f 
RAISE THE GAS TAX ALREADY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, for 
the last 3 years, I have been coming to the floor, arguing against the folly of our attempting to pay for 2015 infra-structure with 1993 dollars. 
We haven’t adjusted the gas tax since 
1993, and that is why we haven’t given the American people a 6-year, robust reauthorization of the surface trans-portation system since 1998. 
I find myself today in complete 
agreement with a column by James Surowiecki in the current issue of The New Yorker. It is entitled ‘‘Raise the Gas Tax Already.’’ 
He talks about how what is going on 
in the other body might be perceived as progress, might be a good thing, ‘‘‘real progress,’ except for one thing: their complicated, jury-rigged plan is only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.000 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5528 July 28, 2015 
necessary because of the continued re-
fusal by Congress to embrace the obvi-ous, economically sensible solution to highway funding, namely raising the gas tax. The federal gas tax is, as it should be, a key source of funding for highway spending.’’ Locked currently at 18.4 cents: 
‘‘The problem is that the funding 
mechanisms the plan relies on are as gimmicky and haphazard as ever. The bill would raise money by, among other things, lowering the dividend rate paid to banks in the Federal Reserve sys-tem, raising certain customs fees, in-creasing collection rates on unpaid taxes, and selling off a hundred and one million barrels of oil from the coun-try’s Strategic Petroleum Reserve.’’ 
‘‘If you’re going to have a Strategic 
Petroleum Reserve, you should prob-ably only sell oil from it for strategic reasons, not just because you want to raise some cash.’’ 
‘‘And, from an economic perspective, 
paying for operating expenses by sell-ing off assets is not a good way to man-age your money.’’ 
‘‘What’s especially infuriating about 
the bill is that we already have, in the gas tax, an ideal tool for raising money to pay for highway repairs. It’s a user tax: if you don’t drive, you don’t pay it, and if you drive less it costs you less.’’ 
‘‘That’s why even conservative 
economists, like Gregory Mankiw . . . have been ardent advocates of gasoline taxes.’’ 
‘‘Indeed, the refusal of Congress to 
raise the gas tax is the ultimate ex-pression of how reflexive and irrational the resistance to taxes has become. Op-position to higher income taxes has some theoretical justification: higher marginal rates discourage people from working more and investing. Seen in one light, they’re a penalty for success. But no such argument exists against the gas tax: all it does, in essence, is ask drivers to pay for the roads they use. It’s not even fair to say that keep-ing this tax at its current level is a check on big government, since most federal highway spending now goes to-ward rebuilding and repairing roads— maintenance that even conservatives recognize we must do. 
‘‘Highway revenue has to be raised 
somehow. Congress should show some political spine, discard the Rube Gold-berg funding schemes, and stop treat-ing all taxes as bad ones.’’ 
I couldn’t agree more with that sen-
timent. Indeed, we have seen six Re-publican States already this year show some political spine. They have raised the gas tax in Idaho, Utah, Iowa, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Georgia. 
It is time for us to assume our re-
sponsibilities, to rebuild and renew America, that used to have the finest infrastructure in the world, but now is locked into a downward spiral. 
Renewing and rebuilding America, 
giving a 6-year, robust reauthorization bill will put hundreds of thousands of Americans to work in a matter of months all across the country, and it will make all our families safer, 
healthier, and more economically se-cure. 
f 
DRUG FREE AMERICA FOUNDA-
TION CHAIR BETTY SEMBLER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize someone who has been de-scribed as a pioneer in national sub-stance abuse policy and prevention and a woman whose dedication, drive, and compassion have made the world sim-ply a better place. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Mrs. Betty Sembler of St. Petersburg, Florida, as she retires as chair of the Drug Free America Foundation after nearly 15 years of dedicated leadership. 
Mrs. Sembler has actually dedicated 
the past three decades of her life to fighting the war on drugs. In 1976, she was 1 of 10 founding members of Straight, Inc., a nonprofit drug treat-ment program that successfully treat-ed more than 12,000 young people with drug addiction in eight cities nation-ally, from Dallas to Boston. 
Mrs. Sembler then turned her sights 
to establishing a national drug policy to reinforce the four critical fronts to combat drug abuse: education, treat-ment, interdiction, and law enforce-ment. 
Mrs. Sembler helped form public pol-
icy in the United States’ campaign against drugs through her participa-tion in the White House Conference for a Drug Free America, as a member of the Florida Governor’s Drug Policy Task Force, and as a board member of DARE Florida, a national organization that provides drug resistance education for elementary and middle school stu-dents. 
Mrs. Sembler has continued her cam-
paign against weakening drug policies and against legalization of drugs on an international basis. She serves on the board of DARE International as vice chairperson. 
She accompanied her husband, Mel 
Sembler, on both of his missions as United States ambassador, first to Aus-tralia and then to Italy. 
Mrs. Sembler is the founder and 
board chair of Save Our Society from Drugs and the Drug Free America Foundation. 
Both organizations work to educate 
people about the effects on individuals, families, and communities, from legal-izing and loosening restrictions on drugs while also fighting to reduce drug use, drug addiction, and drug-re-lated illnesses and death. 
Mrs. Sembler serves on the boards of 
the Republican Jewish Coalition, Oper-ation PAR in Pinellas County, the Florida Holocaust Museum, the Florida Governor’s Mansion Foundation, the Florida National Guard Multijuris-dictional Counterdrug Training Advi-sory Board, the Jewish Policy Center, and St. Petersburg’s Menorah Manor. Mr. Speaker, in 2008, the DEA Mu-
seum Foundation presented its Life-time Achievement Award to Mrs. Sembler for her 30 years of leadership and commitment to fighting drugs. 
The Lifetime Achievement Award is 
the highest honor bestowed by the foundation and recognizes long and 
sustained commitments to supporting law enforcement, drug abuse treat-ment, and drug abuse education. 
Mrs. Sembler was awarded honorary 
agent status by the DEA, only the sec-ond such designation to ever be given. 
Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is Mrs. 
Betty Sembler and her work with the Drug Free America Foundation has positively impacted lives and families around the world and has, no doubt, saved lives around the world. 
Mrs. Sembler, with her grace, friend-
ship, and charm, has impacted each and every individual that she has touched throughout her life, including this Member of Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in thanking Mrs. Betty Sembler for her selfless years of service and for her work leading the charge, pushing back against dangerous drug policies, and promoting public health and public safety. 
f 
PUERTO RICO’S DEBT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to make an introduction. This is the beautiful island of Puerto Rico. We own it. It is ours. We are responsible for it. 
The Congress of the United States 
governs this island. It is our colony, and we rule over it. It is $73 billion in debt. 
The Supreme Court said: Puerto Rico 
is a territory . . . belonging to the United States, but not a part of the United States. 
And, apparently, the responsibility 
to govern Puerto Rico falls to the Con-gress and not to the executive branch, because, for the last 6 months or more, I have talked with Obama administra-tion officials at every level about Puer-to Rico, and their response has been that they cannot or will not do any-thing. The message I received loud and clear was anything to help Puerto Rico had better happen in Congress. 
But there is no sense of urgency in 
Congress or anywhere else in Wash-ington for real solutions. Puerto Rico’s problems are complicated. 
I am here to say that the Puerto 
Rican people must begin putting direct pressure on this Congress for action be-cause Puerto Rico’s problems are most-ly the creation of—you guessed it— Congress. 
The Jones Act of 1917 made all Puer-
to Ricans citizens of the United States, just in time for World War I, when 18,000 new draftees were needed. 
The Jones Act also says that Puerto 
Rico, unlike any State, can issue tri-ple-exempt bonds, bonds that are free 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.035 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5529 July 28, 2015 
of Federal, State, and local taxes. Illi-
nois can’t do that. Neither can your State. 
b1015 
But Puerto Rico was specifically 
written out of U.S. bankruptcy laws by Congress. They cannot declare Chapter 9 or anything else because a special ex-emption was made. So Congress creates a tax-free bond haven and Wall Street jumps in to buy Puerto Rican debt dec-ade after decade. 
Puerto Rico has more than 15 times 
the median bond debt of all 50 States, and bankruptcy is not an option with-out an act of Congress. And get this: the Puerto Rican Constitution says bondholders must be paid before any-thing else. 
Right now, Wall Street is circling the 
wounded animal like vultures waiting to get their piece; and they are fighting against a bill that would allow Puerto Rico, like any other jurisdiction, to de-clare bankruptcy because that could move decisions about who gets paid and in what order they get paid into a U.S. Federal court of law. 
You see, the current situation favors 
the billionaires and hedge funds be-cause they will get paid before the cops on the beat, the doctors in the hos-pitals, and the teachers in the schools. Oh, we can’t investigate that crime or take down that drug dealer because we have to pay the bondholders on Wall Street first. 
Now, the same people who cash in on 
debt in places like Greece and Argen-tina are lining up to cash in in the Car-ibbean by stepping up their demands for austerity measures, privatization of utilities, and restructuring on their terms that will make them very, very rich at the expense of the Puerto Rican people. 
Tomorrow, I will discuss how the 
Puerto Rican people are being dis-tracted by the promises of statehood by every politician who travels to San Juan or needs the votes of Puerto Ricans in Orlando, Florida. 
But today, I want to make clear that 
the sooner the people here realize that the people in this Chamber are the ones who need to take action, the sooner we can make real progress and not get dis-tracted by politics and the pipe dreams of statehood. 
So for my remaining minute, I want 
to address the people of Puerto Rico di-rectly in the language they speak at home around the dinner table. 
(English translation of the statement 
made in Spanish is as follows:) 
It is time for everyone to put polit-
ical divisions aside. 
I have talked to the Obama Adminis-
tration and they will do nothing to help Puerto Rico. 
The bond-holders are lining up to get 
paid even if the rest of Puerto Rico col-lapses. 
Wall Street is buying up Puerto 
Rican debt so that they can demand austerity measures, tax-breaks, and privatization of industries that will fill their pockets with even more money. Whatever plan is invented in Wash-
ington or on Wall Street will not put the needs of the Puerto Rican people first—we all know that. 
So what is a unified Puerto Rico’s 
plan to move forward? 
Boricuas must step up right now so 
that Puerto Rico has a plan for the economy that will create jobs and not just drive young people off of the island to the U.S. on Jet Blue. 
The only place we can seek help is 
right here in Congress; we need to make this Congress act. 
I will talk more about this and the 
Island’s the distraction of the status question tomorrow. 
But right now I want Puerto Ricans 
to put their ideas together. 
Go to my Facebook page—‘‘Rep. 
Gutierrez on Facebook’’—and let’s begin working on a plan to get Con-gress to act. 
Ya es hora de que todos pongan a un 
lado divisiones polı ´ticas. 
He hablado con la Administracio ´n de 
Obama y ellos no van a ayudar a Puer-to Rico. 
Los duen ˜os de bonos esta ´n haciendo 
fila para recibir sus pagos aun cuando el resto de Puerto Rico se derrumba. 
Wall Street esta ´comprando la deuda 
de Puerto Rico para poder exigir medidas de austeridad, rebajes de impuestos, y la privatizacio ´n de las 
industrias que llenara ´n sus bolsillos 
con ma ´s dinero. 
Cualquiera que sea el plan de Wash-
ington o de Wall Street no pondra ´las 
necesidades de la gente de Puerto Rico primero—todos sabemos eso. 
Entonces, ¿Cua´l es el plan de Puerto 
Rico unido para seguir adelante? 
Los Boricuas deben involucrarse en 
este momento para que Puerto Rico tenga un plan de economı ´a que pueda 
crear empleos y no seguir empujando a los jo ´venes fuera de la isla para los 
Estados Unidos en Jet Blue. 
El u´nico lugar donde podemos buscar 
ayuda es aquı ´en el Congreso, tenemos 
que hacer que este Congreso cumpla. 
Voy a hablar ma ´s sobre esto y de la 
distraccio ´
n de la cuestio ´n del estatus 
de la Isla man ˜ana. 
Pero por ahora quiero que los 
puertorriquen ˜os pongan sus ideas en 
conjunto. 
Vayan a mi pa ´gina de Facebook— 
‘‘Rep. Gutie ´rrez en Facebook’’—y 
empecemos a organizar un plan para hacer que este Congreso cumpla. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Illinois will provide a translation for the R
ECORD . 
f 
CONGRESS-BUNDESTAG YOUTH 
EXCHANGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, since 1983, tens of thou-sands of students have participated in the Congress-Bundestag Youth Ex-change, or CBYX, program with Ger-many. This program allows young pro-
fessionals from both the United States and Germany to spend a year abroad to intern and study a different culture while living with a host family. 
During their experience, students 
from both countries develop a better understanding of foreign cultures and 
expand their knowledge and leadership potential exponentially. This fellow-ship provides extensive language train-ing, strong courses of study at foreign universities, and the opportunity to be fully immersed in another culture, thereby culminating in a very unique experience. 
Members of the German-Bundestag 
hold this program in especially high es-teem as they hand select their nomi-nees and build very strong personal re-lationships with them. While Members of the United States Congress are not as involved in the selection process of American participants, the American equivalent would include the prestige that congressional nominations for military academies carry. 
Over the years, this program has 
shown tremendous success in fostering a stronger relationship between the United States and Germany, which is why I was particularly disappointed to see the Department of State cut its funding by half in 2015. These reduc-tions of CBYX came despite Congress’ continued bipartisan support over this program for decades. 
To prevent the collapse of this pro-
gram altogether, Germany graciously closed the gap in 2015 by authorizing additional funds to negate the funding cuts that the U.S. had implemented. However, they maintained this was not something that they would be able to continue, and without the U.S. restor-ing funding, the continuation of this program was in jeopardy. 
To further emphasize the significance 
of CBYX, German Chancellor Angela Merkel highlighted her disappointment in the funding cuts to President Obama during her visit to the United States in 2015. During those deliberations, she said: 
We were not pleased . . . because we very 
much value this partnership program. And I believe that all of those who participated as young people have also had unforgettable ex-periences. Especially now, 25 years after Ger-man unification, we want to continue this program. Given the fact that there are no longer as many American soldiers experi-encing Germany as in the past, it is even more important that young people learn as much as possible from one another. 
In fact, the State Department’s own 
U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy countered the cutbacks dur-ing its 2014 annual report. In it, the Commission is quoted as saying: 
We believe that it is against our interest to 
invest less in our relations with the German public at a critical time when facing dual threats from Russia and countering violent extremism in Europe, while also trying to se-cure the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership agreement with the European Union . . . the cutback of U.S. investment in the Congress-Bundestag exchange also sends a strong message to the German public and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.003 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5530 July 28, 2015 
government that the U.S. does not value the 
relationship with a critical ally whose public is increasingly skeptical of the United States. 
In response, the House German- 
American Caucus and those concerned about the prospect of the CBYX pro-gram being placed at a disadvantage, voiced our frustrations with both Sec-retary Kerry and our House colleagues to raise awareness and demand the res-toration of full funding for CBYX. I was pleased that this effort amassed bi-partisan support throughout the House. 
Further, the House Subcommittee on 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Agencies conveyed their concern in June 2015 by adding the following lan-guage: 
This program is integral for the continu-
ation of a strong relationship between the United States and Germany . . . the com-mittee does not support the proposed pro-gram reduction. 
Ultimately, the committee included 
language to restore funding for fiscal year 2016. While this was good news, the root of the problem still fell within the State Department’s lack of sup-port. 
On July 17, 2015, the U.S. Ambassador 
to Germany, John Emerson, contacted the German Bundestag to emphasize the vital importance of this program and relayed the State Department’s re-versal on this issue and their decision to restore full funding for CBYX. 
As co-chairman of the Congressional 
German-American Caucus, I was ec-static to hear this news, and I am pleased that the United States is hold-ing up our end in strengthening ties with our great European ally. Many thanks to the nonprofit exchange orga-nizations here in the U.S. who admin-ister CBYX, such as Cultural Vistas, AFS, Youth for Understanding, CIEE, ASSE, FLAG, and Nacel Open Door. They are important partners in the success of the CBYX program. 
I would also like to thank my co- 
chair from across the aisle, Congress-man K
EATING , for the great efforts he 
showed throughout this process as well. This is a great step forward to-wards continuing our participation in this program and educating our future leaders through such an important fel-lowship. 
f 
SUMMER FOOD ROCKS TOUR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
July 17, I hosted my second annual Summer Food Rocks Tour in my dis-trict to bring attention to the impor-tance of summer meals and USDA’s Summer Food Service Program, which ensures that low-income children con-tinue to receive nutritious meals when school is not in session. I was honored to be joined on the 
tour by USDA Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Serv-ices Kevin Concannon, as well as many local, State, Federal, and nonprofit partners. 
Mr. Speaker, for millions of low-in-
come students, summer break isn’t as carefree as it should be. For these chil-dren, summer is a time of great uncer-tainty. During the school year, they have access to reliable, healthy school breakfasts and school lunches, but when school is out, these children and their families are often left scrambling to find enough to eat. 
According to Share Our Strength, a 
leading national partner on summer meals, 43 percent of low-income fami-lies say it is harder to make ends meet during the summer, and they must budget an extra $300 a month for gro-ceries when kids are home from school in the summer. For families already struggling to put food on the table, these can be daunting challenges. 
Summer should not be a time of in-
creased hunger among our children. That is where USDA’s Summer Food Service Program comes in. It is a fed-erally funded, State-administered pro-gram that reimburses providers who serve healthy meals to children and teens in low-income areas at no charge during the summer. Local sponsors serve meals at community sites on set days and times. Sites may be located in a variety of settings, such as schools, recreation centers, parks, community centers, day camps, housing projects, and Indian reservations. 
My Summer Food Rocks Tour began 
at Koziol Elementary School in Ware, Massachusetts. We had the opportunity to serve breakfast and speak with kids and their families about the impor-tance of summer meals, and Share Our Strength was there to distribute sun-glasses to the children, which they all loved. 
Our next stop was Fisher Hill Ele-
mentary School in Orange, Massachu-setts. There, we met with children at-tending day camp at a school who re-ceive breakfast through the summer meals program. We got a chance to play basketball with the kids. The kids were definitely better than us. 
Then we were off to the Spanish 
American Center in Leominster, Mas-sachusetts, where we were hosted by the center’s executive director, Neddy Latimer. We participated in a round-table discussion on the successes and challenges of the summer meals pro-gram. We then had the opportunity to tour the center’s newly constructed kitchen and serve lunch to an enthusi-astic group of children. 
Our day ended at the Goddard School 
in my hometown of Worcester. Under Secretary Concannon led a roundtable discussion on national standards for the school lunch program. During the 
discussion, we were treated to a deli-cious lunch prepared by the Worcester Public Schools Nutrition Department. 
We wrapped up our visit by touring 
two Worcester Public Schools food trucks and learning more about this in-
novative mobile meals program that runs throughout the city. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank every-
one who joined me and my Summer Food Rocks Tour, especially Under Secretary Concannon, the site sponsors and volunteers, and the children and families who reminded me of why sum-mer meals are so really important. 
A child’s need for healthy, nutritious 
food doesn’t just end when the school year does. We know that providing children access to healthy meals in the summer months has clear health, edu-cation, and economic benefits; and since summer meals must be served in a community setting, children have an-other incentive to participate in sum-mer enrichment and recreation pro-grams that, in turn, help them return to school ready to learn in the fall. 
This summer, USDA plans to serve 
more than 200 million free meals to children 18 years and under at approved summer meals sites. I have no doubt that they will achieve this ambitious goal. 
But there is still a lot of work to be 
done. USDA estimates that only one out of six students that gets a free or reduced price school meal during the school year receives a summer meal. As we consider the next Child Nutri-tion Reauthorization bill, we need to make sure that all students who are el-igible for school meals have access to free summer meals and that States and local communities have the funding and resources they need to reach all el-igible children. 
An easy way to find a summer meals 
site near you is to text FOOD to 877– 877, or visit USDA’s Summer Food Rocks page online. 
Over August recess, I encourage all of 
my colleagues to visit a summer meals site in your district. I know that you will be just as impressed as I was at the incredible work being done right in your own community to ensure that no child goes hungry in the summer. 
Mr. Speaker, we can and we should 
do more to end hunger now. 
f 
b1030 
OUT-OF-CONTROL SPENDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
morning to talk about one of the big-gest problems facing our Nation, out- of-control spending. 
At this very moment, the national 
debt sits at over $18 trillion. We have not arrived at this point because of the actions of one party or of one adminis-tration. Over the years, both parties have enacted programs that have in-creased our debt. 
That said, we have reached a point at 
which we must get serious about rein-ing in our out-of-control spending, or we may fall victim to a similar fate that many nations throughout history have experienced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.005 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5531 July 28, 2015 
Here in the U.S., our spending prob-
lems are reaching a crisis level, and we are effectively leaving behind a catas-trophe for the next generation. The basis of the American Dream is that, if you work hard, you can leave behind a better future for your children and grandchildren. That fundamentally American vision is in jeopardy due, in part, to our irresponsible spending. 
I am a new and very proud grand-
father. My grandson, MacGuire, is about to turn 1, and already, his share of the national debt before his first birthday is over $40,000. We cannot turn a blind eye to this problem and pretend that it will just get better. Let me ex-plain why. 
There are two basic forms of Federal 
spending, mandatory spending and dis-cretionary spending. 
Mr. Speaker, when most people think 
of the Federal Government, they are probably thinking about discretionary programs, which is money that goes to things like our military, highways, na-tional parks, agriculture, and medical research. 
The good thing about discretionary 
spending is that, each year, Congress has the ability to control these spend-ing levels through the appropriations process. Since Republicans took con-trol of the House in 2010, we have had some success in cutting funding to var-ious Federal agencies. For example, agencies like the IRS and the EPA have seen their budgets cut in response to egregious executive overreach. 
While it may seem like it covers the 
majority of government operations, discretionary spending actually only makes up about one-third of all Fed-eral spending. 
The other portion of spending is what 
we call mandatory spending. This, along with the interest on the national debt, makes up almost two-thirds of all Federal spending. 
Now, here is the really bad part 
about mandatory spending: it is on autopilot. Unlike discretionary spend-ing, mandatory spending does not re-quire annual appropriations from Con-gress. Instead, as long as someone meets the requirements, these pro-grams dole out money without any ac-tion from Congress. Within these man-datory spending programs are what we call ‘‘means-based entitlement pro-grams,’’ including things like Med-icaid, ObamaCare, food stamps, wel-fare, and the like. 
For example, in fiscal year 2012, the 
Federal Government spent almost $800 billion on over 92 programs that were aimed at lifting Americans out of pov-erty. Despite that record spending, too many Americans simply stopped look-ing for work. The system is failing the very people it was designed to help. 
While many of these means-based en-
titlement programs have good inten-tions, they aren’t supposed to be per-manent. These programs were created to help lift people out of poverty, not to keep them there. That is why it shouldn’t be a surprise that, during the recent economic downturn, spending on 
these means-based entitlement pro-grams ballooned. 
What is surprising, however, is that, 
as the economy has improved, the spending on these programs has not gone down. In fact, the spending on some of these programs remains at all-time highs. 
Now, Republicans and Democrats 
both agree that Americans shouldn’t be stuck in poverty, and that is why we should put party politics aside and come together to address this dan-gerous cycle of government depend-ence. 
We need to reform these means-based 
programs to put a real focus on work-force training to help connect Ameri-cans with the skills they need to get good-paying jobs that meet workforce demands. 
We could block grant, through the 
appropriations process, money to State governments and allow them to craft poverty fighting programs based on each State’s specific societal programs and economic needs. 
I know that reforming these manda-
tory spending programs won’t be easy, but I didn’t run for Congress to come here and make easy decisions. I doubt my colleagues did either. 
Before I leave this body, I want to be 
able to look at my grandson, MacGuire, and know that I have been part of a real effort to rein in spending and put our Nation on a fiscally stable path for the next generation. 
Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues 
to join me in addressing our Nation’s spending crisis. Let’s come together and make the tough choices. Let’s get our spending under control, and let’s leave behind a better America for the next generation. 
f 
POSTPARTUM DEPRESSION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to talk about a common medical condition that is too often masked by silence and stigma. It affects more women than diabetes or stroke or breast cancer. It is postpartum depression. 
Here are some words from women 
who have suffered from postpartum de-pression. 
From Maria: I was experiencing 
anger and rage, and I had suicidal thoughts. ‘‘I don’t know what’s wrong, but I can’t take care of the baby, and I’m miserable all of the time.’’ 
From Jodi: My son was sick again, 
and I was crying so hard I could barely text my mom to have her come over immediately. I waited anxiously at the door, with a screaming, ill child, and greeted her by handing over my son, saying, ‘‘I can’t do this anymore.’’ 
From Heather: Soon after the birth 
of my son, I knew something was wrong with me. I couldn’t fall asleep, or if I did, I couldn’t sleep for long. I 
also couldn’t eat. I forced down every bite of food, and I spent most of my time crying. 
These women are not alone. In 2013, 
there were more than 3.9 million live births in the United States, and of these births, one out of every seven mothers was affected by postpartum depression. 
Women suffering from maternal de-
pression often report overwhelming and isolating feelings of sadness, anx-iety, fear, and guilt. This can include strong feelings of anger, thoughts of death or suicide, and even negative feelings towards their babies. 
The children of mothers with 
postpartum depression can become withdrawn, have behavioral problems, and have a higher risk of anxiety dis-orders, depression, and toxic stress. 
Even though this condition affects 
hundreds of thousands a year, many do not seek medical help. Many moms re-port that they are too embarrassed to admit their feelings or are worried they might be seen as failing or as being bad moms. It doesn’t have to be this way. The good news is that treat-ment works. Ninety percent of women who are going through postpartum de-pression can be treated effectively. 
That is why I am introducing a bill 
with Representative C
OSTELLO to make 
sure new moms are not on their own when it comes to dealing with postpartum depression. The Bringing Postpartum Depression Out of the Shadows Act will offer grants to States to screen and treat new and expecting moms for maternal depression. 
States and professional groups have 
made great progress, and we need to support them as they move to increase 
awareness and consolidate resources. We need to help doctors recognize the signs of postpartum depression and provide access to appropriate treat-ment. 
This is commonsense legislation to 
help the over 400,000 women annually who suffer from maternal depression. We need to stand up and tell moms they are not alone. Needing help does not make them bad mothers, and help is out there, but we need to make sure those who need it can get it. 
I ask my colleagues to cosponsor our 
legislation and take this concrete step towards supporting healthy moms and healthy babies. 
f 
FAILING VA MEDICAL CENTER 
RECOVERY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, it has been 
almost a year since the director of the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System was fired after numerous re-ports of mismanagement and malfea-sance surfaced—the missing patient x rays, the falsified records, the em-ployee who took a veteran to a crackhouse, and the utter lack of dis-cipline and order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.007 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5532 July 28, 2015 
The removal was possible under new 
authority granted under the VA reform law that we passed last year, and I was hopeful that this action was indicative of a new VA leadership that finally got it, that was willing to cut through the bureaucracy and make the decisions necessary to turn around failing med-ical centers. 
I did hear a lot of nice promises— 
commitments to work through the sys-tem to make sure that the problems were fixed—but, Mr. Speaker, the prob-lems were not fixed. 
Communication and coordination be-
tween various levels of management are still badly out of sync at a time when we can least afford it. It seems like, every time I think we are in a po-sition to make real progress in central Alabama, something falls through the cracks, the ball gets dropped, an oppor-tunity is missed. Every time, the VA leadership can point to the various lay-ers of bureaucracy for why these prob-lems exist—promises, excuses—but not action. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe the problem is 
that we have been depending on a bro-ken bureaucracy to fix itself. I believe the problem is that we have been ask-ing the VA leaders to intervene in this troubled system rather than requiring them to. I believe it is time to change that by breaking through the bureauc-racy to get results on behalf of our pre-cious veterans. 
What happens when a public school 
continues to fail to meet basic stand-ards? The State Department of Edu-cation steps in to take over, and it takes charge of turning the place around. 
It is a process that isn’t pleasant, but 
everyone from principals and teachers to students and parents understand the consequences of the failure to improve. I believe we need a similar mechanism at the VA when medical centers con-tinuously fail our veterans. 
Today, I am filing legislation to com-
pel the Department of Veterans Affairs officials to intervene and take over failing VA medical centers. It is called the Failing VA Medical Center Recov-ery Act. 
It offers the VA new tools to turn 
around the worst of our healthcare cen-ters, and it puts the responsibility for doing so squarely on the Secretary of the VA. The VA needs a team of lead-ers who is equipped with the expertise to identify solutions and the authority to execute them. 
Under my bill, the VA will recruit 
teams of the best managers and med-ical professionals who can rapidly de-
ploy to failing medical centers to take over and take charge. These takeover teams would be managed through the newly authorized office of failing med-ical centers and would have the new legal tools needed to make a difference at each location. 
This is an antibureaucracy bill. This 
is the team that no complacent VA em-ployees want to see coming because they know that the status quo is about to get shaken up. Just like a failing school, this can 
serve as a motivation to keep perform-ance from dropping off. Also very im-portant is that the determination of a failing medical center will be based on data, not on the Secretary’s whim or what media attention it is garnering. My bill sets up an automatic trigger that compels the VA to act under the law. 
I am glad the Secretary used his au-
thority to take control of the situation in Phoenix—but why not Montgomery? Why not Tuskegee? Why not come and take control of the worst and the sec-ond worst situations in our country, es-pecially after we have repeatedly asked and have pleaded for him to do so? I am tired of asking, and that is why my bill requires the VA to step in and take charge. 
Mr. Speaker, some might misperceive 
this as an attack on the VA, and it is not. It is actually a gift. Entrenched bureaucrats might hate this plan, but reform-minded leaders at the VA should welcome new tools and new re-sources to fix medical centers and help veterans access care. 
I have spoken to many of my col-
leagues about this bill, and I am pleased as to how well it is being re-ceived. I look forward to working with Chairman M
ILLER and my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle to move this legislation forward. 
Let’s have a real conversation about 
getting results on behalf of our vet-erans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE PASSING OF 
MAJOR GENERAL ANDREW COOLEY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
stand in recognition of the late Major General Andrew Cooley, a dear friend 
and a tremendous patriot who dedi-cated his life to serving our great Na-tion. 
A true leader and a combat veteran, 
he faithfully served for 38 years, lead-ing from the front and accomplishing much along the way. His career was marked by several tours of duty at home and abroad, including the com-mand of an Army division, and he par-ticipated in combat operations in Korea, Vietnam, Lebanon, Somalia, Bosnia, Kosovo, and Angola. 
In 1951, General Cooley enlisted in 
the United States Army at the age of 17, and he went on to receive his com-mission after having successfully com-pleted Officer Candidate School at Fort Benning, Georgia, in 1955, as a second lieutenant. 
Over the course of his career, he 
served in various staff and command positions, including as the principal representative of the Department of Defense to the Lebanese-Israeli nego-tiations and as commanding general of the 24th Infantry Division. 
Upon retirement from the Army, 
General Cooley was instrumental in in-stituting a forward-focused, logistical 
infrastructure that remains instru-mental to our Nation’s defense. 
b1045 
Without a doubt, General Cooley’s 
many accomplishments deserve to be honored. However, his accomplish-ments could only be realized with the support and commitment of his wife of 57 years, Joan, and their two children, Cathleen and Caroline. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today hum-
bled by the many accomplishments of a true patriot. It is my great honor to recognize the late Major General An-drew Cooley for his friendship and his service to our great Nation. 
f 
UNRESTRICTED ILLEGAL 
IMMIGRATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, just 
this past week a Federal district court in California found that facilities built to hold illegal immigrants while immi-gration officials determine whether their asylum claims are valid or not were not properly operated and ordered the release of thousands of illegal im-migrants within 90 days. 
The lawsuit alleged that, despite the 
fact that detention centers provide schooling for underage detainees, they still believe the facilities are insuffi-ciently hospitable. 
Despite brand-new facilities built to 
address the present surge in illegal im-migration last year, advocates of ille-gal immigration will use any avenue to expand and promote policies that en-tice immigrants to make dangerous journeys and put themselves under the influence of smugglers and human traf-fickers. 
The ruling gave the government until 
August 3 to submit a plan for releasing the illegal immigrants within 90 days. 
Of course, the Department of Jus-
tice’s own data tells us that what will happen when these illegal immigrants are released is fully 85 percent will never show up for their immigration court hearings. 
The end result of this lawsuit will 
simply be the release of thousands of illegal immigrants who have not been vetted for criminal backgrounds, out-standing warrants, or any other char-acteristics that should prevent the re-lease into our society. 
The situation raises a number of 
questions: Why did illegal immigration advocates file a lawsuit in California rather than in Texas, where these de-tention facilities are located? We know why. 
California is the lawsuit capital of 
the world and the home of courts like the Ninth Circuit, which most times is overturned, many times overturned at higher levels of court. They figure they could get a loose deal in California on immigration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.008 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5533 July 28, 2015 
Why did these illegal immigration 
advocates file a lawsuit knowing full well that the administration intends to release any detainees who provide a credible asylum request? 
Is even the most cursory review of il-
legal immigrants to determine whether they are dangerous to Americans too much for these attorneys? 
Will this administration appeal or 
does this ruling simply support their goal of unrestricted immigration and policies which ensure that the vast ma-jority of illegal immigrants who are detained are released into our country almost immediately? 
Mr. Speaker, I believe we already 
know the answer to these questions. Both the Obama administration and the lawyers who file these frivolous suits have but one interest: continued unrestricted illegal immigration that places both Americans and immigrants in danger and makes a farce of our rule of law. 
f 
JUDY WATERS RETIREMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I come 
often to this floor to talk about com-munity and service and the notion that, if we work to put a little less em-phasis on figuring out how to control people from Washington, D.C., and a little more emphasis on trying to serve one another back home in our commu-
nities, that America will be moved in the right direction. 
Mr. Speaker, I come today to have 
that same discussion and to put a face on that conversation. For me, in north Georgia, Mr. Speaker, that face is Judy Waters. 
Mr. Speaker, in 1979, Judy Waters 
was known as the best hairdresser in all of Snellville. By the end of 1979, she was known as the first female ever elected to the Snellville City Council, and her path of service continued from there. 
Mr. Speaker, for more than a decade, 
as Snellville grew into the first subur-ban-from-rural community in Gwinnett County, Judy helped to navigate those challenges. Her fingerprints are on ab-solutely everything that you see in the foundation that has allowed Snellville to become what it is today. 
Mr. Speaker, after serving the City of 
Snellville, seeing that our county was going through some of those same chal-lenges, in 1992, Judy answered the call to serve Gwinnett County. 
She ran for the District 3 county 
commissioner seat and was sworn in in 1993 to that post. Over the 8 years that she served, Gwinnett County’s popu-lation almost doubled to 600,000 people and her hand helped to guide that de-velopment. 
Mr. Speaker, our motto in Gwinnett 
County is ‘‘Gwinnett is great,’’ and Judy’s emphasis on ensuring that that was true absolutely every single day earned her the love and devotion of an entire community. But her service does not either begin 
or end with these kinds of public roles, Mr. Speaker. 
In 1992, she ran for that post. But, in 
2004, she answered the call to serve the Community Foundation for Northeast Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the motto of the Community Foundation of Northeast Georgia is ‘‘Connecting people who care with causes that matter.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this foundation, under 
Judy’s leadership, grew its assets by more than $20 million. It has plowed back into service projects in our com-munity more than $52 million since 1985. 
Thousands upon thousands of lives in 
Gwinnett County have been impacted in no small part due to the love, devo-tion, and commitment of Judy Waters. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my belief that all 
of the individual deeds we see in our lives are woven together to make us more than who we are. 
Judy set out early in her life to make 
sure that no one would be giving back more than she did, and she exemplifies exactly the kind of person that I am surrounded by in my community abso-lutely every single day. 
People ask, Mr. Speaker: How can 
you give away Washington’s power and influence and return that to the com-munity? My answer is Judy Waters. 
Mr. Speaker, no matter how well-in-
tentioned the folks in this building are, they will never care more about my community than folks like Judy Waters do, and Judy lived that com-mitment every single day. 
Mr. Speaker, Judy retires from her 
service at the Community Foundation. Her official retirement is August 22. I want to add my heartfelt thanks to her for her decade upon decade upon decade of service. 
Judy, we are all better off and grate-
ful for all that you have done for our community. 
But, Mr. Speaker, we are all better 
off and grateful just for the oppor-tunity to have known her. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no measure-
ment of how many Judy Waters there are out there across the country, but there is a measure of what Judy Waters has done for our community. 
You see it in the faces of the elderly 
and you see it in young families and you see it in the children in our com-munity systems. 
Thank you to Judy Waters for all 
that she has done for Gwinnett County. 
f 
PRATT & WHITNEY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, next 
week marks the 90th birthday of a great American business, Pratt & Whitney. 
It all started with just 26 employees 
and 12 machines in an old car plant in Hartford, Connecticut. Nine decades later, Pratt & Whitney employs more than 9,000 people in Connecticut and 
ranks among my State’s biggest em-ployers. 
Planes with Pratt & Whitney engines 
carried Charles Lindbergh across America, Amelia Earhart over the At-lantic, and Wiley Post around the world. 
During World War II, the company 
powered half the U.S. aerial fleet. Later, Pratt & Whitney led the world in developing jet engines for iconic air-craft like the B–52, the Blackbird, and the Boeing 747. Its technology even helped power the Apollo 11 Moon land-er. 
This tradition of excellence con-
tinues today. Pratt & Whitney engines built in my district provide the beating heart of the F–35 Lightning II. The company remains a key player in an industry that helps to safeguard our national security. 
It is my honor to congratulate Pratt 
& Whitney on 90 years of achievement. We thank you. To the men and women who work at Pratt & Whitney, we say again thank you for your service to our great country. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 55 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Lord our God, thank You for giving 
us another day. 
Be with the Members of this people’s 
House in all their undertakings today. You know them through and through. You know how they relate with one an-other and know them as the American people do, as the 114th Congress of the United States of America. 
Lord, help them to know You. As ul-
timate truth, send Your spirit upon them, that You might find a dwelling place among them, so that all Your people will place trust in them as lead-ers, as well as their Representatives. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.009 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5534 July 28, 2015 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Arkansas (Mr. W OMACK ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. WOMACK led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
STOP FUNDING PLANNED 
PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, earlier 
today, a third Planned Parenthood video surfaced, with a small warning of graphic content, the content being video of a freshly aborted fetus being dissected on a dish while, once again, senior staff uses casual rhetoric to de-scribe how they obtain and sell baby parts, stating: 
I think a per-item thing works a little bet-
ter, just because we can see how much we can get out of it. 
Americans are horrified by this and 
other videos, which already prompted House and Senate committees, as well as eight States, to launch investiga-tions into Planned Parenthood. 
Faithful protestors nationwide are 
speaking out against this absolutely disgusting practice, including a rally occurring today in Sacramento; yet in that State, we have an attorney gen-eral actually, instead, leading a review of the group who filmed the videos. 
Using unborn babies as human cap-
ital? That is totally fine. Journalists exercising their First Amendment rights to expose illegal and gruesome activities? The government must inter-vene. 
Under Federal law and California 
State law, the sale or purchase of human fetal tissue is a Federal felony that carries a fine of up to $500,000, a number still less than the annual sal-ary of Planned Parenthood’s president. 
Mr. Speaker, these are unborn babies 
we are talking about. At the very least, we need to put a stop to this organiza-tion until we can investigate fully. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PRATT & 
WHITNEY 
(Ms. PINGREE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to recognize one of the great com-panies in my district, Pratt & Whitney, who this week is celebrating their 90th anniversary. Pratt & Whitney has a plant in North 
Berwick, Maine, and nearly 1,000 of the most skilled and dedicated workers in the aerospace industry work there to build and develop high-quality jet en-gines. 
Pratt & Whitney has been a critical 
part in the history of aviation in this country, and even today, Pratt & Whit-ney is still at the forefront of shaping advances in aviation. 
Their continued work on new tech-
nologies, like the geared turbofan en-gine, is advancing commercial aviation by reducing noise, fuel burn, and emis-sions like never before. I am very proud of the great work that has been done by those at Pratt & Whitney in my dis-trict for so many years. 
Please join me in congratulating this 
great company and its employees for 90 years of impressive accomplishments and to thank them for their significant efforts and contributions. 
f 
PROTECTING LIFE AND 
TAXPAYERS ACT 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last week, I 
joined 64 of my House colleagues in co-sponsoring legislation that would per-manently cut off taxpayer funding for abortion providers. 
H.R. 3197, the Protecting Life and 
Taxpayers Act, would prohibit Federal funding to any entity unless it certifies that it will not perform abortions dur-ing the period for which funding is pro-vided, and it will not provide any funds to entities that do perform abortions. 
There are currently restrictions that 
prohibit the use of taxpayer dollars to fund elective abortion directly, but we all understand that money is fungible. It is clear that Federal funds are sup-porting organizations’ entire oper-ations and that those operations in-clude performing elective abortions. 
This legislation reflects the will of 
the American people and would prevent taxpayers from being forced to finance thousands of elective abortions. 
Few things demean the sanctity of 
human life more than elective abor-tion, and we, as a Nation and as a Con-gress, must continue to confront the systematic extermination of an entire generation of the most vulnerable among us. 
Mr. Speaker, I will enter into the 
R
ECORD a recent article by Charles 
Krauthammer: ‘‘The Price of Fetal Parts.’’ 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF VOTING 
RIGHTS ACT 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, August 6 
marks the 50th anniversary of the sign-ing of the Voting Rights Act, which is a landmark piece of legislation that ex-panded civil rights and protected one of our most fundamental democratic 
rights, and that is the right of every person to have the right to vote. 
Unfortunately, though, 2 years ago, 
the Supreme Court gutted many of the Voting Rights Act’s most important protections. Since then, despite some commitments right at that moment, since then, Republican leadership has refused to allow a strengthened Voting Rights Act to come to the floor. 
Instead of working to ensure that 
every American has the right to vote, 
we have seen more efforts to suppress votes, disenfranchising hard-working Americans; yet on the floor, we have had, at the same time, our entire ap-propriations process held up because of the fear of the Republicans that they may have to cast a vote on whether or not we should display the Confederate battle flag in the year 2015. 
We can’t get a Voting Rights Act bill 
to the floor, but our entire appropria-tions process is held up over the Con-federate battle flag—seriously? It is 2015. Let’s bring the Voting Rights Act to the floor now. 
f 
FFA NORTH MIAMI 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the North Miami Future Farmers of America members for their dedication to aiding their fel-low classmate, Evan Exmeyer. 
As a student at North Miami High 
School, Evan was born with cerebral palsy. He lives on a hog and grain farm and relies on a wheelchair accessible van to transport him around his fam-ily’s land. Unfortunately, the van can’t travel to every corner of the farm, making parts of his own land inacces-sible. 
These outstanding FFA students, 
with the help of our generous Hoosier community, raised $20,000 in donations to purchase and modify a UTV Gator. Thanks to their hard work, Evan has the freedom to explore all that his farm has to offer. 
The commitment to bettering the 
lives of others demonstrated by the North Miami FFA members makes me so proud to represent Indiana’s Second District. Their dedication to public service is something to be admired by Hoosiers everywhere. 
Today, I thank the North Miami FFA 
members for serving as role models for our entire Hoosier community state-wide. 
f 
MEDICARE-MEDICAID 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid. 
For half a century, these critical pro-
grams have provided irreplaceable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.011 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5535 July 28, 2015 
health and economic lifelines for 
countless Americans. 
In my congressional district alone, 
over 250,000 Arizonans rely on Medicaid 
for access to quality, affordable health care, while nearly 60,000 seniors depend on Medicare to cover their healthcare costs. However, this anniversary isn’t just a time for celebration; it is also an opportunity to recommit ourselves to strengthening America’s social safety net. 
Instead of dangerous cuts, we should 
be considering meaningful solutions to the serious problems that Americans of all ages are currently facing, from the rising costs of prescription drugs to the unmet needs of our caregivers. 
Unfortunately, some prominent Re-
publicans, including leading Presi-dential candidates, would have you be-lieve that we need to phase out these important programs. That is nonsense. 
Mr. Speaker, I can’t imagine telling 
Latinos who rely on Medicare—half of them have incomes below $14,000—that we need to phase out their health care. 
I am extremely proud to have fought 
for the Medicaid expansion in my home State of Arizona, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues here in Congress to protect and im-prove Medicaid and Medicare for future generations. 
f 
PRATT & WHITNEY 90TH 
BIRTHDAY 
(Mr. WOMACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today, like many of my colleagues, in celebration of the 90th birthday of Pratt & Whitney. 
Since its humble beginnings in 1925 
as an employer of 26, Pratt & Whitney has grown to employ more than 31,500 people worldwide, including some in my district, the Third District of Ar-kansas, at its PSD facility in Spring-dale. 
Today, Pratt & Whitney is at the 
forefront of shaping aviation. They are not only developing breakthrough technologies, like the geared turbofan; but they are also producing critical technologies, like the F–35 engine, for our warfighters. 
Mr. Speaker, aerospace is Arkansas’ 
number one export. That industry em-ployees over 10,000 Arkansans, and I can say, without hesitation, that the continued economic growth of our State depends on the work and innova-tion of companies like Pratt & Whit-ney. 
Thank you, Pratt & Whitney, for the 
vitally important work you do in the Third District and worldwide; and happy 90th birthday. 
f 
TPP 
(Ms. GABBARD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, trade ministers from 12 TPP countries are gathering on Maui in my 
district in what is expected to be the final negotiations of a massive trade agreement impacting 40 percent of the world’s economy. 
Not only were the American people 
shut out of this trade deal when Con-gress passed fast-track authority legis-lation, these negotiations continue, as we speak, in a shroud of secrecy, with the American people reliant on sites like WikiLeaks as they seek informa-tion about how this agreement will im-pact us. 
The people of Hawaii and all Ameri-
cans are rightfully concerned about how this trade deal will impact our jobs, our families, our economy, our environment, and our Nation’s sov-ereignty. 
We, the American people, deserve to 
know what is in this deal and to have a say in what happens. How can a gen-uine public debate occur on a deal as monumental as this when no one knows what is in it? It is hard to imag-ine a deal more demanding of trans-parency. 
People from Hawaii and around the 
world are gathering tomorrow on Maui to protest this secret deal. They are sick and tired of multinational cor-porations benefiting on the broken backs of working class Americans, and they will not stop until their voices are heard. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JULIA LAKE 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize a very valued member of my staff and the staff of my predecessor, Congress-man Jim Gerlach, as she embarks on a new adventure in the private sector. 
Since 2010, Julia Lake has served the 
constituents of Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District. By the time I was elected to serve in January, I knew well of her reputation as a tireless, impactful, and caring worker; and I was very grateful when she decided to continue her role in my office. 
It is very common for me to meet 
constituents across my district and hear high praise for her work. Just re-cently, I received an email from San-dra in Glenmoore, who had this to say: 
Julia was very diligent in responding to 
me. I believe she went above and beyond nor-mal responsibilities to resolve this issue for our family. Thanks to her and your office. 
My predecessor, Congressman Ger-
lach, had this to say: 
Julia was an extremely hard-working staff 
member who worked diligently every day to solve constituents’ difficult problems with the Federal bureaucracy. Her high level of skill, combined with her warm and cheerful personality, made her an indispensable part of our team. 
Julz, while we are saddened in one re-
spect by your departure, given your ex-emplary and effective constituent serv-ice, we deeply appreciate your service 
and are excited that an opportunity arose that will benefit you and your two children. 
Best wishes to you. 
f 
b1215 
NEVER-NEVER LAND 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to talk about an imaginary world that many of my Republicans, I believe, are living in. 
Peter Pan’s Neverland is a place 
many of us think of with fond thoughts of our childhoods. It is an imaginary place where anything is possible and innocence lasts forever. 
Mr. Speaker, sadly, I think the House 
is operating under some sort of a never-never land that neither reflects our best nor our brightest. It is a Neverland in which House leaders think we can build and reconstruct bridges, roads, and highways without the funding to do so. How do you do that? It sounds like never-never land to me. 
How else do you explain 32 or—I for-
get—34 patches—short-term exten-sions—since the Federal authorization ran out 7 years ago, thus continuing to kick the can down the road? How is it possible to keep hard working individ-uals employed or to maintain the safe-ty of our roads and transit systems if we are not providing the long-term funding to do so to match both State and local funding? It is not possible. Once again, we are going to see another patch for 2 months—kicking this can down the road. 
This is a never-never land that the 
American public is frustrated with. This is America’s Congress. We can, we must, and we should do better. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN K. COUTANT 
(Mr. GIBSON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor John K. Coutant, who passed away on June 19, 2015, at the young age of 69. 
John was the quintessential commu-
nity servant. Born in Kingston in 1945, he graduated from Kingston High School and Dutchess Community Col-lege. He worked in the automobile in-dustry for several decades, including founding Kingston Auto Supply and being recognized twice for having the top sales in the country. Very active in the community, John also served in several organizations and on the town board. 
It was as town supervisor that John 
left his greatest mark. His vision for a better town led to many accomplish-ments, including solar energy projects at the town hall and the landfill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.013 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5536 July 28, 2015 
John’s outstanding reputation and pop-
ularity was a direct result of always being there for any constituent in need and of his inclusive style of governance of giving every citizen a voice. 
I am proud to have had the oppor-
tunity to know and work with John. He leaves behind an impressive legacy of service that has made his community a better place to live. May God bless John Coutant and his entire family. 
f 
CAMERON TORNADO 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to thank the first responders and volunteers who worked tirelessly in a town called Cameron, Illinois—popu-lation, 600. 
On July 16, a tornado devastated this 
small town that measures only six blocks by seven blocks. While the storm caused widespread property dam-age, good people from across the region rushed in to help Cameron recover. 
I was able to thank many of them 
last week when I toured the damage. Their generosity, bravery, and willing-ness to help their neighbors gives me hope that this community will rebuild again and be stronger than ever. I spoke with one family whose home was damaged. There was a little child there whose bike had been swept away in the storm. A first responder, in seeing this small child crying, bought a bicycle to replace it for him. 
My heart goes out to all of these fam-
ilies who were impacted by this ter-rible tornado; and I want to thank our brave and generous first responders and volunteers who have poured their time, energy, and love into this town called Cameron, Illinois. 
f 
DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, 
Planned Parenthood must be defunded. Taxpayers should no longer fund inhu-mane actions. 
Between sips of red wine, a top offi-
cial with the organization shares the dark nature of their work of altering abortion procedures to better harvest body parts. In another, after talking about the price for body parts, an offi-cial muses of buying a Lamborghini. In yet another, human dissection, geared toward harvesting body parts, is ex-posed. 
Such callousness. Planned Parenthood resists the use 
of ultrasound during pregnancy when a mother considers abortion, yet uses ultrasound to guide the harvesting of body parts. 
Such disregard for life. I am not only disgusted but am very 
saddened, and so are millions of Ameri-cans. Is nothing off limits? Is nothing sacred? This is why I have long cospon-
sored legislation to defund Planned Parenthood, but we must do more. This body is obligated to investigate wrongdoings. 
f 
VOTER EMPOWERMENT ACT 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, the 
right to vote is the bedrock principle of our democracy. It is something to be cherished and held sacred. 
Although it did not come without 
struggle or without sacrifice, the Vot-ing Rights Act moved us step by step beyond the disenfranchisement that held entire segments of our population voiceless for far too long. But today, as we approach its 50th anniversary, the strides we have made through that his-toric legislation are at risk. 
Two years ago, when the Supreme 
Court overturned a critical safeguard enacted in the VRA, many of our most vulnerable citizens—some who were on the front lines of this fight for dec-ades—were again pushed to the side-lines of our democracy. 
With each passing day of inaction in 
this Congress by House Republican leadership, we are not just standing passively by as the voices of voters go unheard; we are actively walking back-wards along the march towards civil rights—step by step, day by day. 
It is time to pass the Voter Em-
powerment Act and make good on our promise, one that has made us a model for young democracies around the world—that every vote counts, that every voice matters, and that all of our citizens have a right to vote. 
f 
PROTECTING CONSUMERS FROM 
THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PRO-TECTION BUREAU 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today because I am outraged that gov-ernment agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have de-nied public participation to allow con-sumers and businessowners to com-ment on regulations that directly im-pact them. 
In 2013, the CFPB implemented guid-
ance that would prevent families and individuals from obtaining auto financ-ing discounts. This guidance not only affects the American auto industry and the hundreds of hard working auto dealers in the Granite State, but it also affects Granite State families and indi-viduals—for example, the young couple in Manchester who is struggling to af-ford a new minivan to accommodate a growing family or, for example, the startup logistics company in Conway that is wishing to add another truck to its fleet to grow its business. Congress created the CFPB to pro-
tect consumers, not to hurt them. If the CFPB really cares about developing policies that are truly in the best in-terests of consumers, it should amend its guidance and be more transparent. 
That is why I introduced H.R. 1737, a 
bipartisan bill to rein in the CFPB’s overreach and to merely bring more transparency, accountability, and clar-ity to the formal rulemaking process. H.R. 1737 will reverse this misguided CFPB indirect auto financing guidance and will allow the public’s voice to be heard. 
f 
THE EX-IM SAGA CONTINUES 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, the charter for the U.S. Export-Import Bank has been ex-pired now for almost a month because Congress did not act. 
Because of that, thousands of Amer-
ican small businesses have been unilat-erally disarmed in the battle for export financed business. Meanwhile, 85 for-eign export credit agencies continue to help companies from their countries fi-nance their exports. They are helping their small businesses while ours are disadvantaged. 
This body has also failed to act to in-
crease the lending limits for the Small Business Administration. Without an increase, the 7(a) Loan Program will be suspended until the beginning of the next fiscal year, October 1; and the highway trust fund is set to expire, bringing vital construction work and jobs to a halt. 
Mr. Speaker, if this body doesn’t get 
to work, then we are going to need-lessly hurt hundreds of thousands of American jobs. It is time to stop the political bickering and to pass these important bills. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. ROGERS of Alabama asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in strong opposition to any nuclear deal with Iran. 
Iran has proven time and again it is 
a state that cannot be trusted. The cur-rent deal rewards its bad behavior while compromising our national and global security. 
As a result of this deal, Iran will re-
ceive billions of dollars in sanctions re-lief that will, undoubtedly, be used to wreak havoc on its region of the world. This economic boost will make it much more likely that Iran will actually try and carry out its often repeated threat to wipe Israel off the map. 
As a staunch supporter of Israel, I 
cannot support any deal that threatens its security. Just last weekend, Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei gave a speech that Iranians responded to with chants of ‘‘death to America’’ and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.015 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5537 July 28, 2015 
‘‘death to Israel.’’ How could anyone 
believe that Iran could be trusted to play by any agreed upon rules? 
I stand by Israel. I am completely op-
posed to this deal, and I urge my col-leagues to oppose it as well. 
f 
RAECHEL AND JACQUELINE 
HOUCK SAFE RENTAL CAR ACT 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, in 2004, 
Raechel and Jacqueline Houck were tragically killed in California when their rented Chrysler PT Cruiser crashed and caught fire due to a safety defect that was under recall. 
A glaring safety gap in current law 
allows recalled cars to be rented with-out being repaired, which is why I have introduced H.R. 2198, the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act, so as to close this gap and prohibit the renting of vehicles that are subject to safety recalls. 
The bill is supported by all major car 
rental companies and consumer safety groups as well as by General Motors and Honda, yet Chrysler and Ford con-tinue to oppose this bill for unclear reasons. Chrysler’s opposition is par-ticularly troubling considering this week’s announcement that NHTSA is imposing a record $105 million fine and vehicle buyback requirement on Chrys-ler for its failure to adequately fix re-called vehicles or to notify vehicle owners in a timely manner. 
While H.R. 2198 wouldn’t solve all of 
Chrysler’s recall problems, it would at least ensure that American families who rent Chryslers this summer will know they are safe. This is a common-sense idea. I hope Chrysler voices its support for the bill and helps me bring it to the House floor soon for a vote. 
f 
PASS THE REINS ACT 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, when I 
talk to small businesses in Minnesota about what their biggest challenges are, one of the top concerns they men-tion is of the regulations coming from Washington. For these small employ-ers, unnecessary regulations and bu-reaucratic red tape make it difficult to expand and create jobs. 
That is why I support the REINS Act, 
which the House will be voting on this afternoon. The concept is simple: If a government agency proposes a regula-tion that will have a significant eco-nomic impact, Congress should have to sign off on it. With an average of 10 new regulations a day, small-business owners are spending more time on pa-perwork and less time on their busi-nesses. 
Mr. Speaker, with our sluggish eco-
nomic recovery and anemic growth, there is no doubt that we have to get 
the engine of our economy going and small businesses moving again. That means passing the REINS Act today. 
f 
PRATT AND WHITNEY’S 90TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Pratt & Whitney on its recent milestone of having been incorporated for over 90 years. This is truly a remarkable achievement. 
I am proud to represent the employ-
ees of Pratt & Whitney’s Dallas Airfoil Repair Operations facility in the city of Grand Prairie, and I am very proud to have those manufacturing jobs there. I am very proud that aviation has come a long way since Pratt & Whitney’s development of the air- cooled Wasp engine in 1925. Its passion for excellence continues today as it produces the engine for the revolu-tionary F–35 Joint Strike Fighter. 
The technological advancements in 
aviation that Pratt & Whitney have de-veloped over the last 90 years have helped make our Nation stronger, and they have kept our men and women in uniform safer. 
Congratulations on 90 years of serv-
ice. 
f 
b1230 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL 
HEALTH CRISIS ACT 
(Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I stand here today mourning Mayci Breaux and Jillian Johnson, bur-ied yesterday by their families fol-lowing the horrific killings in Lou-isiana. Yesterday we had a moment of silence to convey our respect and our prayers. 
But, as a House, we must break the 
silence because once again we have 
failed the American people with our broken mental health system. How many more people have to die before we take action? 
A person with severe mental illness 
is 15 times less likely to be violent when receiving proper treatment. Over the last 10 years, we have more sui-cides, more drug overdose deaths. 
We have replaced the hospital bed 
with a jail cell, the homeless shelter, and the cemetery. We cannot be silent anymore. 
The Helping Families in Mental 
Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, provides treatment before tragedy through com-prehensive reforms. 
Let not our offer of comfort be mere 
silence, but let it move us to com-prehensive action. Otherwise, our pas-sivity makes us partners to these trag-edies. 
I urge our Nation to not be silent, 
but to speak up. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor H.R. 2646. PRATT & WHITNEY 
(Mr. LARSON of Connecticut asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I join my other colleagues from Arkansas, Maine, and Texas, who have stood here today in recognition of Pratt & Whitney aircraft. 
I am proud to say, however, that the 
headquarters for Pratt & Whitney air-craft is in East Hartford, Connecticut, where we keep the eagle flying. 
My father, my mother, during the 
Second World War, my brother, all worked at Pratt & Whitney aircraft. It continues to be not only the arsenal for democracy for this great Nation of ours, but a center of innovation and technology where we not only keep the eagle flying, but we also provide oppor-tunities for jobs well beyond these 90 years. 
Pratt & Whitney alone, as a corpora-
tion, provides an education for every single one of its employees and not only pays for that education, it buys them the books and provides the time off to study so they can continue to do what they have always done, build de-pendable engines and be an excellent model of corporate behavior and con-tinue to keep the eagle flying both in this country and around the globe. 
f 
BOB BREWSAUGH 
(Mr. MESSER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to remember the life of one of the best men I have ever known, Bob Brewsaugh, who passed away over the weekend at the age of 76. 
The Good Book says, in 2 Corinthians 
9:6: He who sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, but he who sows boun-tifully will also reap bountifully. 
Bob Brewsaugh lived this Scripture. 
He was a lifelong farmer and a loving father and grandfather. Most impor-tantly, Bob Brewsaugh was a man of God. 
He worked hard. He treated everyone 
with kindness and respect, whether as a Sunday School teacher at Sandusky United Methodist Church or as a coun-ty councilman or in his daily work on the farm. 
Bob tilled the land. He sowed bounti-
fully. As a consequence, he reaped a blessed and bountiful life. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
Bob’s wife, Carolyn; his two kids, Scott and Mandy; my brother, Richie; all Bob’s grandkids; and the entire ex-tended Brewsaugh family. 
f 
SPECIAL OLYMPIC WORLD GAMES 
IN LOS ANGELES 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.016 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5538 July 28, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
honor of the 2015 Special Olympic World Games and to pay tribute to all who are participating in this wonderful event happening right now in my hometown of Los Angeles. 
The opening ceremonies were held 
Saturday in the Memorial Coliseum. I was honored to attend as a member of the Presidential Delegation, led by our First Lady Michelle Obama. 
Over the next week, 6,500 athletes 
representing 165 countries will compete in 254 competitions, supported by 30,000 volunteers and an anticipated 500,000 spectators, making this the largest sports and humanitarian event any-where in the world this year and the single biggest event in Los Angeles since we hosted the 1984 Olympic Games. 
This is much more than a sporting 
event. For almost 50 years, the Special Olympics has showcased the skills and accomplishments of people with intel-lectual disability and helped foster the acceptance and inclusion of all people. 
I congratulate and wish good luck to 
all of the participants in this 2015 World Games. 
f 
JACK CHALMERS 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to remember a man who was a veteran, a volunteer, a devoted Christian, and a man who was dedicated to helping oth-ers. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member John Milton Chalmers, or ‘‘Jack’’ Chalmers, of Pinellas County, Florida. 
Mr. Chalmers passed away quietly in 
his sleep on July 20 at the C.W. Bill Young VA Medical Center at the age of 81. 
Born in Scotland, Mr. Chalmers came 
to the United States when he was 15 years old. He later graduated college with a degree in engineering and served in the U.S. Army. 
An avid sailor, cyclist, and animal 
lover, Mr. Chalmers’ life was marked by helping others. As a member of Northside Baptist Church, Mr. Chalmers volunteered in the food pan-try and worked as a veterinarian as-sistant after retiring. 
He was an active volunteer in the 
Central Pinellas Republican Club and a member of the Pinellas County Repub-lican Executive Committee. With a brilliant mind and as someone who was always striving to give back, Mr. Chalmers was a man who led by exam-ple. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in remembering and honoring Jack Chalmers, a very dear and gentle soul, a dear friend of mine, and a man who will be missed by so many. May God forever bless Jack, and may God bless those who loved him dearly. VOTER EMPOWERMENT ACT AND 
THE VOTING RIGHTS ADVANCE-MENT ACT 
(Mr. PALLONE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, August 
6 will mark the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. It has stood for a half a century as the great guardian of America’s right to vote. 
However, 2 years ago the Supreme 
Court dismantled key protections with-in the act. Making matters worse since, Republicans in Congress have re-fused to restore the protections and bring up a renewed and strengthened Voting Rights Act. 
Today the right to vote is under co-
ordinated attack around the country. States and localities are passing laws that restrict the right to vote, making it harder for young people, disabled Americans, and people of color to par-ticipate in our democracy. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a co-
sponsor of the Voter Empowerment Act and the Voting Rights Advancement Act. I call on my Republican colleagues to join Democrats and pass a renewed, strengthened VRA and ensure the bal-lot box belongs to every American. 
f 
GEORGIA MILITARY COLLEGE 
(Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to applaud the outstanding accomplishments of Geor-gia Military College, an outstanding academic institution in Milledgeville, Georgia, that recently achieved a 100 percent graduation rate and exceeded the State and national averages for the SAT and ACT. 
Today I commend them for their 
commitment to deliver a high-quality education and for their support of all students to reach their true academic potential. They have an unprecedented 97 percent graduating class enrolled in post-secondary institutions. 
Georgia Military College has also dis-
tinguished itself by improving its stu-dents’ individual well-being and put-ting character above all. 
GMC’s impact extends far beyond 
higher test scores and academic per-formance. Students are more equipped to enter the workforce and are better prepared to contribute to society. 
They have also excelled athletically, 
winning two State championships in varsity softball and varsity girls track this past year. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in congratulating Georgia Military College students, their fac-ulty, staff, and president, Lieutenant General William B. Caldwell, for their remarkable scholastic and athletic achievements. 
By instilling the values of duty, 
honor, and country, they empower stu-dents to reach new heights. I am deeply 
honored to have Georgia Military Col-lege in Georgia’s 10th District. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The Chair 
would remind Members to refrain from trafficking the well while another Member is under recognition. 
f 
DEPLOY AN EARLY WARNING 
SYSTEM FOR EARTHQUAKES 
(Mr. D EFAZIO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today I 
am introducing legislation to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to fund the purchase, installation, and ac-tivation of an early warning system on the Cascadia subduction zone off the Pacific Northwest. 
The Cascadia fault has the prospect 
of unleashing a quake at any point that actually could exceed that off of Japan. As we know, in Japan, 15,000 people died, $300 billion in damages. In Oregon, our State expects thousands of deaths, $32 billion in infrastructure. 
If the United States of America 
would deploy, like Japan and other countries are doing, an early warning system, thousands of lives could be saved. 
Inland we could evacuate schools 
that are going to collapse. Up in Port-land they could suspend the MAX serv-ice and get people off the bridges that are going to collapse. Manufacturing operations that are critical could be suspended. 
We have the potential to save thou-
sands of lives, tens of millions, billions, of dollars in excess damages, and it would just require the United States of America to do what other countries are doing: deploy an early warning system off the Pacific coast. 
The technology is known. We just 
lack the will to fund it. So I am direct-ing the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to deploy such a system in the near future. 
f 
PRATT & WHITNEY 
(Mr. WESTMORELAND asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, 
I come before you today to congratu-late Pratt & Whitney for their 90 years of excellence in aviation. 
Because of those determined and in-
novative founders, Pratt & Whitney has become a leader in aviation inno-vation, such as their groundbreaking development of the air-cooled Wasp en-gine. 
Their engines have produced the 
power for some of the most formidable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.018 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5539 July 28, 2015 
military aircraft in American history. 
Even today the power behind Lockheed Martin’s F–35 Lightning II aircraft comes from a Pratt & Whitney engine. 
I am proud that Pratt & Whitney’s 
engine center calls Columbus, Georgia, home, but more proud of the invest-ment they have made in the commu-nity. The Columbus plant employs 1,026 highly skilled employees to refurbish jet engines and brings in over $750 mil-lion a year. 
I have no doubt that Pratt & Whit-
ney’s impressive accomplishments and milestones will continue on for another 90 years. Their commitment to pro-ducing high-quality and dependable en-gines help keep our servicemen and -women in the air safe. 
We are fortunate to have their sup-
port for our local economy and look forward to many more years of their business in our great State. 
f 
THREE WORTHWHILE OBJECTIVES 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, my col-
leagues, we have an opportunity in the next 48 hours to do three good things: 
One, keep the highway system going. 
It is irresponsible, but we have not al-ready done so. 
Two, make sure that the Veterans 
Administration has sufficient funds to keep our VA hospitals serving our vet-erans. 
Three, make sure that we are com-
petitive with the rest of the world by adopting the Fincher amendment and providing for Ex-Im Bank’s ability to create jobs and to make us competitive worldwide. 
We ought to do all three of those 
things. 
Mr. Speaker, you have said that you 
wanted to allow this House to work its will. Sixty-five Members of the United States Senate voted to keep the Ex-Im Bank in business for America and for American jobs. 
There are, in my opinion, Mr. Speak-
er, at least 240 votes on this floor to pass the Fincher amendment, which is the Kirk-Heitkamp amendment in the Senate. 
Let’s do it. Let this House work its 
will. Let’s keep America competitive with the rest of the world. Let’s adopt the Export-Import Bank, send it to the Senate, have them send it to the Presi-dent, and help save American jobs. 
Who says it will save American jobs? 
Speaker B
OEHNER , the Speaker of this 
House. 
Let us do all three of those worth-
while objectives that the American people support. b1245 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 427, REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 30, 2015, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 7, 2015; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 380 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 380 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill modified by the amend-ment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the 
period from July 30, 2015, through September 7, 2015— 
(a) the Journal of the proceedings of the 
previous day shall be considered as approved; and 
(b) the Chair may at any time declare the 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-
cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members 
to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
S
EC. 4. Each day during the period ad-
dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). 
S
EC. 5. Each day during the period ad-
dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. 
S
EC. 6. It shall be in order at any time on 
the legislative day of July 30, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her des-ignee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
S
EC. 7. The requirement of clause 6(a) of 
rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of July 30, 2015. 
S
EC. 8. For purposes of the joint meeting to 
receive Pope Francis on September 24, 2015, only the following persons shall be admitted to the Hall of the House or rooms leading thereto: 
(a) Members of Congress and Members- 
elect. 
(b) The Delegates and the Resident Com-
missioner. 
(c) The President and Vice President of the 
United States. 
(d) Justices of the Supreme Court. (e) Elected officers of the House. (f) The Parliamentarian. (g) The Architect of the Capitol. (h) The Librarian of Congress. (i) The Secretary and Sergeant-at-Arms of 
the Senate. 
(j) Heads of departments. (k) Other persons as designated by the 
Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida, pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. During consideration of this res-olution, all time is yielded for the pur-pose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on House Resolution 380, currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Committee on Rules. This rule provides for a robust amendment debate on an issue of crit-ical national importance. This rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.020 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5540 July 28, 2015 
427, the Regulations from the Execu-
tive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015. 
The Committee on Rules met on this 
measure yesterday evening and heard testimony from both the chairman and the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law of the Committee on the Judiciary, in addi-tion to receiving amendment testi-mony. 
This rule brought forward by the 
committee is a structured rule. There were 18 amendments total submitted to the Committee on Rules. Of those sub-mitted, I am pleased to say that the full House will debate and vote on 10 of those amendments. 
This legislation also went through 
regular order in the committee. During the committee markup, eight amend-ments were debated and voted on, in-cluding one I offered and that the com-mittee had actually agreed to. 
This rule provides for 1 hour of gen-
eral debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and the ranking member of the Committee on the Judi-ciary. I appreciate the hard work of the Committee on the Judiciary Chairman, B
OBGOODLATTE , and his full committee 
and subcommittee staff in bringing for-ward H.R. 427. 
I strongly support this rule and the 
underlying legislation because, when we reform our Nation’s regulatory sys-tem, we will jump-start the engine of our economy; and when our economy gets up and going, our families flour-ish. 
What does this administration 
produce more than 60 of every day? Here is a hint: It is not jobs. The an-swer lies in the heart of many woes fac-ing small businesses and established in-dustries. 
What they produce every day is regu-
lations. The goal of any regulation should be to achieve a benefit that would not be possible without it, de-
signed in such a fashion that the achieved benefit far outweighs the cost, but our administration has lost sight of this goal, and America’s eco-nomic engine is paying the price. 
Our current Federal Government de-
signs regulations that are often unnec-essary and achieve little to no benefit, but at very high cost. The rules have become so skewed that this adminis-tration’s regulators are at war with American businesses. 
Industries such as manufacturing and 
technology are fighting to compete in a global market, but first, they must survive the regulatory beast that is strangling innovation and growth. 
This administration is legislating 
through regulation yet decries the REINS Act and calls it an unprece-dented requirement. When you cir-cumvent Congress and exploit the rule-making process in order to, one, make law and, two, make law in contradic-tion to the wishes and needs of the American people, you should expect unprecedented responses. 
In just the first 7 days of 2015—just 
the first 7 days of 2015—the administra-tion unveiled 300 new rules. Over the 
Memorial Day weekend, the adminis-tration quietly published the spring 2015 Unified Agenda of Federal Regula-tions. What it contained was so dis-heartening to the American people and so destructive to small business that it didn’t go unnoticed. 
The agenda showed that the Federal 
departments and agencies have 3,260 rules in the midst right now of the rulemaking process. Unfortunately, it is not just the sheer number of regula-tions that is astounding; it is also the oppressive cost. 
One of these 3,260 rules I mentioned 
is predicted to be one of the costliest regulations ever put forward, the EPA’s national ozone standard. A re-cent analysis found the cost of this one regulation to be upwards of $140 billion. It will cost my home State of Georgia over 11,000 jobs. 
To add insult to injury, the first line 
of H.R. 427 Statement of Administra-tion Policy states: 
The administration is committed to ensur-
ing that regulations are smart and effective and tailored to further the statutory goals in the most cost-effective and efficient manner. 
This is the statement from the ad-
ministration on why they oppose H.R. 427. 
I cannot believe that a single regula-
tion promulgated by this administra-tion with $140 billion of cost was put forward in the most cost-effective man-ner, and a regulation costing 11,000 jobs in Georgia alone is hardly smart. The Statement of Administration Policy also claims that the underlying legisla-tion would create business uncertainty. 
I encourage this administration to 
use the infamous pen and phone to ac-tually ask businesses what creates un-certainty for them because, when small businesses across the country came to Congress last week as part of National Federation of Independent Business lobbying day, their top legislative pri-
ority was regulatory relief. These are small-business owners who sat with us and said: Here is what we are facing in trying to get people jobs. 
The 3,000-plus regulations in the 
works by this administration create the uncertainty, not this body’s effort to require agencies to submit the most costly regulations to Congress for ap-proval. The underlying bill applies only to regulations with a $100 million im-pact or greater. 
The American people do not elect 
this administration’s regulators—or any administration’s regulators for that matter. They elect us in this body to represent them. This bill allows us to do so properly. 
The system is broken. The system 
has failed the American people. The REINS Act is the first step toward re-storing proper order and even sanity toward our regulatory framework. 
The administration states that Exec-
utive Order No. 13563 requires careful cost-benefit analysis, but they don’t explain why only 7 rules out of the thousands had cost-benefit analysis in 2013 and only 14 rules had that in 2012. This administration’s regulators 
have stated publicly that they are not going to sit around and wait for Con-gress—so much for respecting the pow-ers enshrined in our Constitution and, thus, the reason that we need this leg-islation and why this rule should be ap-proved. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Georgia for yield-ing me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, 2 legislative days—real-
ly a day-and-a-half now—remain before Congress recesses for 5 weeks. Here we are, yet again, considering a piece of partisan legislation designed to fill up floor time, which has little to no chance at all of becoming law. 
It is unconscionable that the major-
ity continues to waste legislators’ and the American people’s time with bills such as the Regulation from the Execu-tive in Need of Scrutiny Act—they really do name things nice around here, the REINS Act—when critically important work is left to be done. 
Just a few moments ago, the minor-
ity whip spoke to three issues; I in-clude them in my commentary, but largely, one that all of us ought be in-terested in is the highway trust fund, which will become insolvent on August 1 if those of us sent here to Washington to govern do not come up with a solu-tion. 
Instead of focusing on priorities like 
eliminating corporate tax loopholes to ensure that we have the money to fund projects to repair our Nation’s deterio-rating roads and bridges, House Repub-licans passed yet another short-term patch that the Senate has refused to take up. The majority’s dysfunction and inability to govern is having a real impact on hard-working Americans. 
Today marks the 204th day of the Re-
publican-led 114th Congress. In the nearly 6 months that have passed, the majority has compromised the finan-cial security of American companies by failing to reauthorize the Export-Im-port Bank’s charter; avoided passing a long-term transportation and infra-structure bill; passed pointless legisla-tion designed to cut critical funding from local police departments and communities in lieu of taking up com-prehensive immigration reform; re-fused, they did, to bring up the student loan refinancing bill; and perhaps most abhorrent to some of us, voted four times in support of the Confederate battle flag, a symbol of hate and intol-erance that has no place on any of our public lands. 
b1300 
The days leading up to a month-long 
congressional recess should be spent debating and voting on the important issues that our constituents sent us here to address—as an example, restor-ing the Voting Rights Act, bolstering our economy through a long-term high-way bill, and guaranteeing that jobs are created and sustained. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.022 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5541 July 28, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 427 is yet another 
partisan measure that Republican lead-ership has selected for consideration, despite its clear constitutional viola-tions and with the knowledge that it stands an almost certain Presidential veto. 
It is, therefore, unclear to me why we 
are spending precious time on this bill. We already have the power to dis-approve proposed rules; we have the power to limit delegations of authori-ties to agencies; we have the power to control the appropriations; and we have the power to stay the effect of specific rules and hold oversight hear-ings. It seems to me that, in addition to these tools being quite powerful, they also comply with the doctrine of separation of powers and, therefore, have the added benefit of being con-stitutional. 
The REINS Act would require both 
Houses of Congress to approve every major rule, many of which are highly technical ones authored by experts such as scientists, physicians, engi-neers, and economists. 
There simply isn’t enough time for 
Congress to hold the hearings and con-duct the research necessary to weigh in on these complicated matters. The in-dividuals tasked with making these difficult regulatory decisions are cer-tainly more qualified than most, if not all of us here in this room, and it is for this precise reason that Congress wise-ly delegated this regulatory authority to such experts. 
Politicizing this process will not only 
permit industry representatives with deep pockets to have an overwhelming influence on whether major rules go into effect, it will make it nearly im-possible for agencies to implement rules regulating consumer health and product safety, environmental protec-tions, workplace safety, and financial services industry misconduct. The en-actment of this legislation would, in my opinion, do immeasurable dis-service to the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the good gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), a member 
of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. ROSKAM. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, my friend from Florida 
asked a rhetorical question. He said: Why spend precious time on this? And here is the reply: Because our constitu-ents’ time is precious. Our constitu-ents’ time in trying to comply with regulations is precious. 
Before I get there, let me just give 
you a little bit of a history, Mr. Speak-er, about my understanding of the gen-esis of the REINS Act. It is interesting from a process point of view and a sub-stance point of view. 
From a process point of view, my un-
derstanding is that this came out of a townhall meeting that was hosted and sponsored by our former colleague, Congressman Geoff Davis from Ken-
tucky. He gathered a group of people together and, as I understand the story, one of the constituents raised 
his hand and he posed this question. He said: Congressman, how is it possible that the Environmental Protection Agency is contemplating a rule that is so controversial it couldn’t pass Con-gress? How is that even conceivable under our governance structure that unelected bureaucrats are able to ac-complish something that the elected Representatives of the people have said ‘‘no’’ to? 
Congressman Davis in a very 
thoughtful way began to take that in. Out of it, he began to work with other people and put together the REINS Act, Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny, that says this. It says that over the years, one of the weaknesses of Congress is that this in-stitution has delegated too much re-sponsibility to executive agencies. That is at the base of what we are talk-ing about. This is an issue of delegated authority. And since it was Congress’ mistake in terms of atrophying its au-thority over a period of time, the rem-edy then falls on Congress to reclaim that authority. 
So the gentleman from Georgia is 
proposing that we support this rule around H.R. 427, and it says this: If there is a regulation that has more than a $100 million impact on the econ-omy, then that regulation ought not be foisted on the economy without discus-sion and approval by elected Rep-resentatives in Congress. 
Now, there is a straw man argument 
that is out there as it relates to this. I haven’t heard it on the floor today, but I might hear it if we continue to listen to the debate, particularly during the amendment process and so forth. 
Here is the straw man argument. The 
straw man argument is: If you are in favor of the REINS Act, then you don’t want any regulations whatsoever. You want the Wild West, where only the strong survive. That is a straw man. That is ridiculous. 
What the REINS Act says is, if you 
are going to have a regulation, it ought to be thoughtful, it ought to be well structured, it ought to be well debated, and it ought not be a bureaucrat sit-ting on the seventh floor of a gray building on Independence Avenue that is pursuing an agenda—and haven’t we seen plenty of that, by the way—pur-suing an agenda, an agenda that couldn’t pass this place, an agenda that 218 Members of the House of Represent-atives and a majority of the Senate are not going to support, but an agenda that a bureaucrat with a political agenda and so forth is trying to move forward. 
Now, these numbers are staggering. 
According to the Competitive Enter-prise Institute, the annual cost of com-plying with government regulations is $1.8 trillion. Think about the downward pressure of that. 
What the gentleman from Georgia is 
saying—and other supporters of this— is let’s take President Obama’s admo-
nition to the Congress and his admoni-tion to the public, and let’s take those words at face value. 
This is what the President said in an 
op-ed in The Wall Street Journal. He said that overregulation ‘‘stifles inno-vation’’ and has a ‘‘chilling effect on growth and jobs.’’ Absolutely, that is true. That statement is true. 
President Obama said in his State of 
the Union address that same week that the op-ed was published in The Wall Street Journal, January 2011, ‘‘To re-duce barriers to growth and investment . . . when we find rules that put an un-necessary burden on business, we will fix them.’’ 
Okay. Great news. We have got the 
remedy. We have got the way to fix that. 
I will tell you, I represent a constitu-
ency, Mr. Speaker, in suburban Chi-cago, as you know, and so, with fre-quency, I am out talking to businesses, getting in there. I represent a lot of manufacturers. I represent a lot of fi-nancial services companies. I represent a lot of food production, transpor-tation, insurance, and other things. 
When you talk to folks and ask them 
what the nature of the challenge is, they will tell you. But what is inter-esting is the consistency of the feeling of pressure that they feel as it relates to a regulatory burden. 
So the good news is we can do some-
thing about that, and the good news is we can vote ‘‘aye’’ on the rule and we can vote ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 427, the REINS Act. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased at this time to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ), a very good friend 
of mine and the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the rule on H.R. 427, and I thank my friend for yielding. 
This bill is the very definition of po-
litical legislation and serves absolutely no purpose in ensuring better rules. This legislation accomplishes nothing, aside from slowing down the adminis-trative rulemaking process and giving Congress the power to shoot down any action that this majority doesn’t like. 
By requiring a joint resolution of 
congressional approval prior to enact-ment, the only surefire achievement of this legislation is a longer rulemaking process, not a better one. 
Let me humor my Republican col-
leagues and try to give them the ben-efit of the doubt. They claim that this bill is about requiring Federal agencies to be more transparent in their ac-tions. They want reports on how rules impact the Federal budget. But why should transparency only be limited to the budget? If transparency is the gold standard, why aren’t we demanding re-ports on how these rules impact our most vulnerable and at-risk citizens? If we are striving for transparency, let’s be transparent about all things. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.024 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5542 July 28, 2015 
Yesterday, I submitted an amend-
ment to address this point. But unsurprisingly, this rule does not allow my amendment to be considered. This proves yet again that this Republican majority cares more about protecting industry than protecting our people or our planet. 
My amendment was simple. It would 
have required the administration to re-port to Congress on the greenhouse gas emission impacts associated with any proposed rule and what any proposed rule’s impacts are on low-income com-munities in this country. 
The overwhelming scientific con-
sensus is that climate change is real. No matter how often industry and many of my Republican colleagues try convince us that we have nothing to worry about, no matter how much manufactured science they gin up to create doubt, climate change is real. 
If the administration is going to be 
forced to justify their rulemaking to Congress, let’s make sure they include climate impacts in their justifications. The same goes for how the rules impact our poor communities. Why are people less important than Big Business? 
My amendment aimed to remedy the 
negative impacts felt by these popu-lations by changing the definition of what constitutes a major rule to in-clude any rule that increases the health risks among low-income com-munities, period. But apparently those concerns don’t warrant a vote on the House floor. 
The majority’s decision to block my 
amendment on climate change and en-vironmental justice says more about the underlying legislation than any speech you will hear today. 
This is not about good government. 
This is about House Republicans want-ing to put their finger on the scale to benefit corporations at the expense of the health and safety of the American people and, yes, our planet. 
This is a bad rule and it is protecting 
a bad bill, and both should be defeated. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-
vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3064, a comprehensive, 6-year surface trans-portation bill that is partially paid for by restricting U.S. companies from using so-called inversion to shrink their tax obligations. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I won’t 
belabor things by talking about that, but I have to say the previous question makes an awful lot of sense for us to do a 6-year plan. People in our States and in our localities are looking to us to 
give them some certainty. I hear this all the time from colleagues on both sides of the aisle. For us not to do that, to me, is extremely troubling; and, I believe, in the long haul, it is harmful to the economy of this country. 
We need to pass a long-term surface 
transportation bill, and I genuinely be-lieve most Members in the House of Representatives, Republican and Dem-ocrat, feel the same way. 
The name of this bill at least flirts 
with being clever, I will give the ma-jority that. But let me tell you that we really need to rein in around here. We need to rein in a Republican-led Con-gress that will no longer bring the re-maining appropriations bills to the floor because it is more dedicated to seeing the Confederate flag fly high. I really don’t understand that. 
What happened here a few days ago, 
we had the Interior measure going for-ward. Someone complained, rightly, about the Confederate flag in public places. 
b1315 
All of a sudden, the Interior Appro-
priations and any other appropriations went away. I predict that we will prob-ably wind up with a continuing resolu-tion, rather than doing the work that the American people sent us here to do, and that is to complete the appropria-tions or remaining bills. 
We need to be about the business of 
reining in a Republican-led Congress that says it wants to help small busi-nesses and then makes sure to let the Export-Import Bank charter expire. 
In the congressional district that I 
am privileged to serve, alone, $964,000 in lost business and lost jobs will occur with three companies that depend on the Export-Import Bank. 
We need to rein in a Republican Con-
gress that constantly attempts to un-dermine a healthcare law. I have for-gotten now; most of us can’t even re-member how many times we have voted to repeal portions of or all of the Affordable Care provision which is in effect now—5 years—and we are still having these sideline votes that are going nowhere. 
We undermine it, and it has provided 
millions of American citizens the op-portunity to access affordable health care—and somebody please tell me what is wrong with that. 
We are 50 years now into Medicare, 
and I remember, as if it were yester-day, that then President Ronald Reagan said that it would have a se-vere impact on the American econ-omy—in other words, to paraphrase, that the sky was going to fall. 
Well, 50 years out now with Medicare, 
we have seen the benefits to literally hundreds of millions of Americans who rely upon Medicare, and we demon-strably have seen its positive. 
Yes, we are learning, even with the 
Affordable Care Act, that what is hap-pening is Medicare is now having dimi-nution of its costs, which is necessary to rein in the cost of health care in this 
country. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and to defeat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it has been said—and we have moved beyond the old adage many times—if it moves, regulate it; or, if it exists, to regulate it. 
It is an interesting paradigm today 
because it is time for Washington to focus on creating a regulatory system that is flexible, allowing the market to decide the optimal path to implemen-tation. 
Regulations should be expedient and 
unambiguous, seeking to minimize the uncertainty facing industries and small businesses, and we must encourage in-novation and bringing new products and processes not only to market, but to office places everywhere. Outdated regulations should be cleared off of the books, especially those created by those unelected. 
As we have been here today—and I 
have, listening to the arguments—what is amazingly—from our side, I have wanted to talk about regulation and the overreach of many of our branches; the gentleman from Illinois brought it up tremendously, and I have talked about this in the Ninth District of Georgia, where I am from—is that, for many years, I believe Congress decided, for whatever reason, it was much easi-er to give to agencies to promulgate rules and regulations. They said it is much easier. 
In fact, I have even heard from the 
floor today that we don’t have the ex-pertise, and it is much better to do it offsite. I just tend to find that is wrong. 
I think it is that Congress has the 
ability to listen to those experts, to lis-ten to those opinions, and then provide something that unelected bureaucrats do not, and that is have the people who elect us, whom we face every time we go home—when I go to the grocery store, when I go to the ball games, when I go to my church, when I go to the places that I go to and they ask me questions, then they are holding their elected official accountable—then we take that, and we balance that to make good decisions for all, in our districts and in our country. 
What is amazing to me today is many 
of the arguments made today have nothing to do—there are many things we could debate here today, but we are here to debate—by the way, I will just remind everybody—the rule for the REINS Act, not the plethora of other things that would be want to, could have done, should have done—we are here on the issue of regulatory reform. We are here on the REINS Act. 
Frankly, if I was part of this admin-
istration who wants to create this sort of entrenched Federal bureaucracy, I wouldn’t want to talk about regulatory reform either. I would want to talk about anything else. I would want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.025 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5543 July 28, 2015 
talk about anything else besides the 
burden that keeps crushing down from Washington on small-business owners. 
Then, of course, as well, there is the 
argument that did come up, that if you really, really, really want this, un-doubtedly, you are really, really, really just wanting to protect big businesses and make dirty—from our perspective, I have heard it before, decrease regula-tions so that people are put in harm’s way or that the environment is worse off. 
The reality is that is an old argu-
ment and really just needs to go away. I come from the Ninth District of Geor-gia, in my humble opinion, one of the prettiest places in all the world. Our farmers, our residents all enjoy the clean air. They enjoy the greatness of what we have and the businesses that are a part there and the regulations that, when rightly controlled, help us achieve that American Dream. 
There is no one who, voting for this, 
or even talking against it, would want to actually say: I am voting for this be-cause I want to actually pick up a glass of water that is tainted and drink it, or I want to make it worse for somebody else. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a simple rule. It 
says let’s bring forward some fiscal sanity and regulatory sanity. Let’s put it back in perspective. 
I believe the circle of government, 
when the Founders put it out there, was based on the fact of having the Ex-ecutive to carry out the laws, the Con-gress to make those laws, and the judi-cial branch to interpret those laws. Our country works best when that is in alignment. 
What we are asking for is let’s bring 
it back into alignment. Let’s take the REINS Act, let’s take this step toward bringing some certainty for our busi-nesses because, at the end of the day, when our businesses have certainty, it does affect the people. 
It is not a nameless, faceless place on 
a brick wall somewhere, those business names that we want to talk about busi-ness. It is about those people who get in their cars in their neighborhoods and their apartments and their townhomes, and they drive to a place of work, or they walk to their place of work, and they make a paycheck; they earn a living so that they can do the things that I believe that they have wanted to prosper in and to take care of their families and to move that American Dream forward in their life. 
It is up to this building to look after 
them. It is up to what the Republican majority is putting forward to say: We 
care about all Americans; we care about their ability to earn a living; we care about their growth, and we care about their safety. 
Proper regulation done in the proper 
way is the way to do that. I will always stand on that side. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 380 O FFERED BY  
MR. HASTINGS OF FLORIDA  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: SEC. 9. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3064) to authorize high-way infrastructure and safety, transit, motor carrier, rail, and other surface trans-portation programs, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure and the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 10. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 3064. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-
though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting House Reso-lution 380, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 675. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 167, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 470] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.026 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5544 July 28, 2015 
Gowdy 
Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—26 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. 
Kelly (IL) Lee Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
McNerney Meeks Moore Rangel Ribble 
Richmond Royce Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1353 
Messrs. AGUILAR, FATTAH, and 
WELCH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART and Mrs. BLACK 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEMBRANCE OF MEM -
BERS OF ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMILIES  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. 
The Chair asks that the House now 
observe a moment of silence in remem-brance of our brave men and women in uniform who have given their lives in the service of our Nation in Iraq and Afghanistan and their families, and of all who serve in our Armed Forces and their families. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 167, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 471] 
AYES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.004 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5545 July 28, 2015 
Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—26 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. 
Kelly (IL) Lee Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
McNerney Meeks Moore Rangel Richmond 
Royce Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) Wasserman 
Schultz 
Zeldin 
b1403 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- 
OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 675) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service- connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensa-tion for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 409, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 472] 
YEAS—409 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lummis 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—24 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
McNerney Meeks Moore 
Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1409 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity com-pensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims, to improve the proc-essing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECU-
TIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 427. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 380 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 427. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.006 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5546 July 28, 2015 
b1412 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with Mr. M
ARCHANT in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. J OHNSON ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Regulatory reform plays a critical 
role in ensuring that our Nation finally achieves a full economic recovery and retains its competitive edge in the global marketplace. Congress must ad-vance progrowth policies that create jobs and restore economic prosperity for families and businesses across the Nation, and it must make sure that the administration and its regulatory ap-paratus are held accountable to the American people. 
America’s small-business owners are 
suffering under mountains of endlessly growing, bureaucratic red tape; and the uncertainty about the cost of upcom-ing regulations discourages employers from hiring new employees and expand-ing their businesses. Excessive regula-tion means higher prices, lower wages, fewer jobs, less economic growth, and a less competitive America. 
Today, Americans face a burden of 
over $3 trillion from Federal taxation and regulation. In fact, our Federal regulatory burden is larger than the 2014 gross domestic product of all but the top nine countries in the world. That burden adds up to $15,000 per American household, nearly 30 percent of the average household income in 2014. 
b1415 
Everyone knows it has been this way 
for far too long. But the Obama admin-istration, instead of fixing the problem, knows only one response: increase taxes, increase spending, and increase regulation. 
The results have painfully dem-
onstrated a simple truth: America can-not tax, spend, and regulate its way to economic recovery, economic growth, and durable prosperity for the Amer-ican people. 
Consider just a few facts that reveal 
the economic weakness the Obama ad-ministration has produced. In the June 2015 jobs report, the number of unem-ployed workers, workers who can only find part-time jobs and workers who are now only marginally attached to the labor force, stood at 10.8 percent. They number over 16 million Ameri-
cans. 
America’s labor force participation 
rate remains at lows not seen since the Carter administration, and the median household income still is below the level achieved before the financial cri-sis. 
The contrast between America’s cur-
rent condition and the recovery Ronald Reagan achieved is particularly stark. 
Four-and-a-half years after the reces-
sion began in 1981 the Reagan adminis-tration, through policies opposite to the Obama administration’s, had achieved a recovery that created 7.8 million more jobs than when the reces-sion began. Real per capita gross do-mestic product rose by $3,091. Real me-dian household income rose by 7.7 per-cent. 
To truly fix America’s problems, the 
REINS Act is one of the simplest, clearest, and most powerful measures we can adopt. The level of new major regulation the Obama administration has issued and plans to issue is without modern precedent. 
Testimony before the Judiciary Com-
mittee during recent Congresses has plainly shown the connection between skyrocketing levels of regulation and declining levels of jobs and growth. 
The REINS Act responds by requiring 
an up-or-down vote by the people’s rep-resentatives in Congress before any new major regulation—defined in the bill generally as a rule that has an ef-fect on the economy of at least $100 million—can be imposed on our econ-omy. 
It does not prohibit new major regu-
lation. It simply establishes the prin-ciple ‘‘No major regulation without representation.’’ 
By requiring Congress, which is more 
directly accountable to the American people, to approve or deny major regu-lations proposed by the administration, the REINS Act provides Congress and, ultimately, the people with a much- needed tool to check the one-way cost ratchet that Washington’s regulatory bureaucrats too often turn. 
During the 113th and 112th Con-
gresses, the REINS Act was passed by the full House of Representatives mul-tiple times, each time on a bipartisan vote. 
I thank Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana for in-
troducing this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for the REINS Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 20, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 15, 2015, the 
Committee on the Judiciary ordered H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015,’’ reported to the House. As you know, the Committee on Rules was granted an additional referral upon the bill’s introduction pursuant to the Committee’s jurisdiction under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives over the rules of the House and special orders of 
business. 
Because of your willingness to consult 
with my committee regarding this matter, I will waive consideration of the bill by the Rules Committee. By agreeing to waive its consideration of the bill, the Rules Com-mittee does not waive its jurisdiction over H.R. 427. In addition, the Committee reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provi-sions of the bill that are within its jurisdic-tion during any House-Senate conference that may be convened on this legislation. I ask your commitment to support any re-quest by the Rules Committee for conferees on H.R. 427 or related legislation. 
I also request that you include our ex-
change of letters on this matter in the com-mittee report to accompany H.R. 427 and in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of this legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these mat-ters. 
Sincerely, 
P
ETESESSIONS . 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 20, 2015. 
Hon. P ETESESSIONS , 
Chairman, Committee on the Rules, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN SESSIONS , Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regula-tions from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015,’’ which the Judiciary Committee ordered reported favorably, as amended, to the House on April 15, 2015. 
As you noted, the Committee on Rules was 
granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to forego further consideration of H.R. 427 so that it may proceed to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Com-mittee on the Rules is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legisla-tion, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
Finally, I am pleased to include this letter 
and your letter in our committee’s report as well as the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 427. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 21, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE , I am writing 
concerning H.R. 427, the Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015, which the Committee on the Judiciary ordered reported on April 15, 2015. 
The bill amends section 257(b)(2) of the 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 by providing that any rules which affect budget authority, outlays, or receipts that are subject to the congres-sional approval procedure outlined in section 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, U.S.C., are effec-tive unless it is disapproved in accordance with such section. In order to expedite House consideration of H.R. 427, the Committee will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not in any way prejudice the Committee with re-spect to the appointment of conferees or its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.034 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5547 July 28, 2015 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter, confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 427 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, 
Committee on the Budget. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 22, 2015. 
Hon. T OMPRICE, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN PRICE, Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015,’’ which the Judiciary Committee or-dered reported favorably, as amended, to the House on April 15, 2015. 
As you noted, the Committee on the Budg-
et was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to forego further consideration of H.R. 427 so that it may proceed to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Com-mittee on the Budget is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legisla-tion, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
Finally, I am pleased to include this letter 
and your letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 427. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume and rise in opposition to H.R. 427. 
Mr. Chair, H.R. 427, the Regulations 
from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015, otherwise known as the REINS Act, would amend the Congres-sional Review Act to require that both Houses of Congress pass and the Presi-dent sign a joint resolution of approval within 70 legislative days before any major rule issued by an agency can take effect. 
Additionally, H.R. 427 imposes dead-
lines for the enactment of a joint reso-lution approving a major rule that could charitably be referred to as Byz-antine. 
Under new section 802, the House 
may only consider a major rule on the second and fourth Thursday of each month. Last year there were only 13 such days on the legislative calendar compared to the 80 major rules adopted in 2014. 
Furthermore, under new section 801, 
Congress may only consider such reso-lutions within 70 legislative days of re-ceiving a major rule. This process would constructively end rulemaking as we know it. 
Now, Mr. Chair, the reason why my 
friends on the other side of the aisle contend that we need this kind of gum-ming-the-works legislation, which would result in the passage of no new regulations, is because these new regu-lations are stifling economic growth. 
They point to the Obama administra-
tion and say that it is because of regu-lations enacted or promulgated and 
placed into operation under the Obama administration that has caused our economy to be at a point where they are saying we are not as economically vital as it should be. 
What they are failing to tell the 
American people is that it was the George Bush Republican economic poli-cies of the first part of this century that led to the Great Recession, the economic meltdown, the fact that there were not regulations that prohib-ited predatory lending, and other eco-nomic policies which contributed to the economic meltdown. They won’t tell you it was because of the lack of regulation that caused that. 
But, indeed, if you go back and talk 
to Alan Greenspan, who chaired the Federal Reserve and was a big antiregulatory capitalist, he had to come back after the Great Recession and admit that he was wrong. 
His policies were those that contrib-
uted to the economic meltdown, which, despite horrendous opposition from the opposite side of the aisle against the policies of Democrats and President Obama, they tried to obstruct those changes. But they were enacted and, as a result, America’s economic recovery has been quite notable. 
Corporate profits are up. Even 
though productivity is up and wages are steady, workers have not partici-pated in the upswing in this election, even though jobs have been created for the last 65 straight months under the Obama administration. 
But the wage growth has been stag-
nant, and it is because of the trickle- down Republican policies that have caused this. Now they want to blame the lack of monies in the pocketbooks and pockets of Americans, working people, on regulations. 
Even if agencies reduce the number 
of major rules in contemplation of the bill’s onerous requirements, Congress would still lack the expertise and pol-icy justifications for refusing to adopt a major rule. 
As over 80 of the Nation’s leading 
professors on environmental and ad-ministrative law have noted in a letter to the Judiciary Committee earlier this year, without this expertise, any disapproval is, therefore, more likely to reflect the political power of special interests, a potential that would be magnified in light of the fast-track process. 
Lastly, by upending the process for 
agency rulemaking so that Congress can simply void major rules through inaction, the REINS Act likely violates the presentment and bicameralism re-quirements of article I of the Constitu-tion. 
As Professor Ron Levin, a leading ex-
pert on administrative law, noted dur-ing the hearing on the REINS Act last Congress: 
‘‘The reality is that the act is in-
tended to enable a single House of Con-gress to control the implementation of the laws through the rulemaking proc-ess. Such a scheme transgresses the 
very idea of separation of powers, under which the Constitution entrusts the writing of the laws to the legisla-tive branch and the implementation of the laws to the executive branch.’’ 
Indeed, as the Supreme Court noted 
in the landmark case INS v. Chada: ‘‘The Constitution does not con-template an active role for Congress in the supervision of officers charged with the execution of laws it enacts.’’ 
The court also clarified that it was 
profound conviction of the Framers that the powers conferred on Congress were the powers to be most carefully circumscribed. By providing that no law could take effect without the con-currence of the prescribed majority of both Houses, the Framers reempha-sized their belief that legislation should not be enacted unless it has been carefully and fully considered by the Nation’s elected officials. 
It defies credulity that so many of 
my Republican colleagues who so strongly oppose crony capitalism and hold the Framers’ intent so dearly would support H.R. 427, which is a bald attempt by corporations and special in-terests to shield themselves from any oversight and, in the process, shred ar-ticle I of the Constitution. 
Furthermore, Speaker B
OEHNER has 
also said that the Republican-led, do- nothing Congress, the most ineffective in modern history—and I will note that we are getting ready to adjourn tomor-row, a day early, for a 6-week adjourn-ment with all of the work that remains for Congress to do. 
Speaker B
OEHNER also said that the 
Republican-led, do-nothing Congress, the most ineffective in modern history, should be judged by the number of laws it repeals, not the number of laws that it passes. 
It therefore follows that this ob-
struct-at-any-cost approach would carry over to blocking the most crit-ical agency rulemaking, thereby threatening agencies’ ability to protect Americans’ health, safety, well-being, and economic growth. 
Who stands to gain from Republican 
obstructionism? Corporate giants that are holding our country hostage through a deregulatory agenda and po-litical influence that would rival the industrial monopolies from the past century. 
Unsurprisingly, it is many of the 
same corporations that are continuing to show record profit margins that are also pushing deregulation and fewer taxes because they have an ‘‘obsession with short-term profits at the expense of long-term value creation,’’ accord-ing to Henry Blodget, the CEO of Busi-ness Insider. 
Unquestionably, H.R. 427 would be 
nothing short of a catastrophic event for the everyday Americans who stand to lose the most from the majority’s myopic and reckless treatment of our Nation’s regulatory system. 
Mr. Chair, we need real solutions to 
help real people, not yet another thinly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.016 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5548 July 28, 2015 
veiled handout to large corporations, 
not another messaging bill to take back to the district over the August re-cess. 
We need legislation that creates mid-
dle class security and opportunity, and we need sensible regulations that pro-tect American families from financial ruin, that encourage competition, that bring predatory financial practices to an end, legislation that brings the United States into conformity with the rest of the developed world’s employ-ment policies by guaranteeing paid sick and parental leave, legislation that increases our global competitive-ness by creating an affordable higher education, and legislation that in-creases the minimum wage from a pal-try $7.25 an hour. 
I strongly urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle to oppose H.R. 427, yet another deregulatory bill in the majority’s business-focused, crony capitalist agenda. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
have to agree with my friend from Georgia. I agree with him on his state-ment that this administration’s recov-ery has been amazing. It has been amazingly bad. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the ma-
jority whip. 
b1430 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, if you 
look at what is happening in our econ-omy right now, why the economy is struggling so badly through this Obama economy, it is because of rad-ical regulations coming out of Wash-ington. 
Every time I go home and meet with 
small businesses in my district in southeast Louisiana, the common thread is that it is not the local busi-ness down the street that is the main threat to their business. 
The main threat to small businesses 
throughout my district—and I hear it from my colleagues as well across the country—are the thousands and thou-sands of pages of these radical regula-tions that come out of these Federal agencies, unelected bureaucrats that are imposing, in essence, new law that is making it harder to create jobs in this country. 
Hard-working taxpayers deserve a 
Federal Government that is more effi-cient, more effective, and more ac-countable; and that is what the REINS Act does, Mr. Chairman. The REINS Act forces real accountability in regu-lations that are coming out of Wash-ington. 
Whether it is the IRS or the EPA or 
the NLRB or HHS or CMS, the alpha-bet soup of Federal agencies that is crippling our economy with all of these regulations is what is holding our econ-omy back. 
Why not have a mechanism that 
says, if a rule is being proposed by a Federal agency by an unelected bu-reaucrat that is so important that it is going to have a major impact on our 
economy, shouldn’t it at least go through the transparency of coming before the elected representatives of the people, Mr. Chairman? 
Why not have these conversations on 
C–SPAN, not in the dark annals of some Federal bureaucratic agency in Washington, some unelected bureau-crat that is going to wake up one morning and say they are going to cre-ate a new law that is going to dev-astate our economy? 
Shouldn’t that at least go through 
public hearings? Shouldn’t it have to be passed by the elected people in Con-gress who will be held accountable every 2 years for the consequences of those regulations? 
Let’s stop crippling our economy. 
Let’s stop holding our economy back with these radical regulations, Mr. Chairman. Let’s pass the REINS Act and bring real accountability into the process of creating regulations in Washington. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the bill. The REINS Act would create new ob-stacles to the promulgation of regula-tions designed to protect American workers’ health and safety and to pro-tect the environment. 
It would jeopardize the economy by 
impeding regulations for financial services and throw sand in the gears of government efforts to address growing inequality and prevent discrimination. 
Congress already has the right to dis-
approve any rule through the Congres-sional Review Act or through appro-priations bills or other legislation. This bill would essentially impose a procedural chokehold by requiring that any major rule receive affirmative House and Senate approval within 70 
legislative days. 
As an example of the effect of this 
bill, we note that the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, OSHA, is in the process of updating a nearly 70-year-old standard to keep workers from contracting a progressive and frequently fatal lung disease called chronic beryllium disease. 
In the 1940s, workers at the Atomic 
Energy Commission plants were con-tracting acute beryllium poisoning. To deal with the problem, two of their sci-entists sitting in the back of a taxicab on the way to a meeting agreed to set the beryllium exposure limit at 2 micrograms per cubic meter of air. Es-tablished back in 1948, that standard is still in place today and is often called ‘‘the taxicab standard’’ because there was no data supporting that number. 
In 1975, the National Institute for Oc-
cupational Safety and Health advised OSHA to issue a new, more stringent protective standard. That effort fal-tered. Now, one cost of inaction is an estimated loss of 100 lives per year each year this new standard is delayed. Another is the fact that we have to 
pay over $300 million in Federal com-pensation to workers and their sur-vivors who have contracted chronic be-ryllium disease and who are employed by the Energy Department’s contrac-tors and vendors. 
Today, over 100,000 workers are ex-
posed to beryllium, and workers in my district are not alone in asking the government to be on their side. There is substantial stakeholder support from beryllium producers and labor rep-resentatives to cut the standard expo-sure limit by 90 percent. 
Over the last 17 years, OSHA has 
worked to update that standard, based on numerous scientific studies and ex-pert recommendations, and now, the new standard is working its way slowly through the regulatory process; and under the present laws and procedures, it still might be another year or two before the final rule is promulgated. 
Despite overwhelming scientific evi-
dence that this nearly 70-year-old standard fails to protect workers, there are still a few who object. By requiring a bicameral resolution of approval prior to the rule ever taking effect, this legislation will make it easier for a well-funded special interest group to block needed workplace protections. 
The underlying bill does nothing but 
prioritize special interests above the protection of lives and limbs of Amer-ican workers. I, therefore, urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the 
author of this piece of legislation. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I would like to thank the leader and Chairman G
OODLATTE for bringing 
H.R. 427 to the floor today. 
I introduced the REINS Act because 
people in my home State of Indiana want to hold someone—someone—ac-countable for the job-killing rules and 
regulations coming out of Washington, D.C. 
Each day, government agencies im-
pose an average of 10 new regulations on America’s businesses, both big and small. It is no surprise to discover that the costly, confusing government regu-lations that come out of this body— ObamaCare mandates, EPA regula-tions, or IRS tax penalties—are excit-ing some feedback from my constitu-ents. 
In fact, the collateral damage 
wrought by Federal Government regu-lations is consistently cited as one of the biggest barriers to business cre-ation and expansion and growth in household income in this country. 
One Indiana businessowner, who em-
ploys 16 family men and women in Floyd County, recently called my of-fice. He wanted to know who had voted in support of a peculiar new IRS rule that is going to penalize him if he helps his employees pay for health insurance. 
Now, this IRS rule can cost employ-
ers more than $36,000 per employee per year if they continue to offend the sen-sibilities of Washington’s regulating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.037 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5549 July 28, 2015 
class by reimbursing workers for 
healthcare coverage. 
As the son of a small-business owner 
and someone who hears a lot from local businesses back in Indiana about their challenges, about their opportunities, I know how costly regulations impact the small company’s bottom line. 
While this broad, new IRS rule will 
undoubtedly have a major impact on smaller enterprises across the Nation, it was written by unelected, unac-countable regulators here in Wash-ington, D.C. It never came before Con-gress for an up-or-down vote. 
That is what the REINS Act is all 
about. It is about holding officials at Federal agencies and the Congress of the United States accountable for the harmful regulations drummed up each year, regulations which are laws in ev-erything but name. They hurt Amer-ican jobs and wages when they are im-plemented, and they need an additional filter of accountability here in the peo-ple’s House. 
Who should be held responsible, I 
would ask opponents of this legisla-tion, for these rules that have a $100 million-plus impact on our economy if not the people’s elected representatives in Congress? For too long, Congress has delegated much of its constitutional authority to executive agencies here in Washington, D.C. This has empowered unelected Federal officials to imple-ment sweeping rules and regulations that are often ineffective, redundant, counterproductive, and costly. 
Consider the impact of such rules on 
another business in my home district in Indiana. It is a local farming oper-ation. When we add up the impact of county, State, and Federal regulations, these Hoosier farmers must meet hun-dreds of reporting requirements dic-tated by an alphabet soup of different government agencies—EPA, USDA, HHS, IRS, NLRB. It goes on and on and on. It is mind numbing, really. 
The burden on their operation and its 
ability to grow and compete has been punishing. For example, one regulation alone requires them to treat water left over from cracking eggs like industrial waste. It costs hundreds of thousands of dollars each year for this business in consulting and equipment fees just in compliance costs. 
Now, with the EPA assuming broad 
new authority over bodies of water in the United States, these farmers are taking more time and resources away from their farm to track these ill-de-fined WOTUS regulations coming down the pike. 
Now, America’s job creators will tell 
you the future is uncertain. Our rule-making process is out of the people’s control. It needs to be reined in. Wouldn’t it make sense for small-busi-ness owners and farmers to have a larg-er voice, to be given a bigger say in the rulemaking process, especially when regulations can dictate whether their business succeeds or fails? 
That is exactly what my legislation, 
the REINS Act, provides. It gives the job creators and the American people a 
voice. It injects a measure of account-ability back into the democratic proc-ess. The REINS Act requires that Con-gress must approve any new major rule proposed by the executive branch be-fore it can be enforced on the American people. 
Remember, our small businesses are 
our Nation’s economic engine. They represent 99.7 percent of all national employers, 56.1 million of our Nation’s private workforce. Small and family- owned businesses, new startups, and entrepreneurs create two-thirds of all job growth in the United States. 
Meanwhile, small businesses spend an 
estimated $10,500 per employee to com-ply with Federal regulations. It is no wonder that, for the first time in 35 years, more American companies are being destroyed than they are being created each year. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield an 
additional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Compliance 
with costly Federal regulations leads to higher consumer costs, lower take- home pay, and even reduced hiring. 
A businessowner who owns a parts 
manufacturing company in Wabash, In-diana, summed it up best. From his standpoint, when it comes to the vast array of rules and regulations his com-pany must follow, they are not only onerous; they add zero value to his business, and they put him at a com-petitive disadvantage to foreign com-petition. 
We could, frankly, spend a lot more 
time than today here on the floor going through each of the different chal-lenges with our Federal regulation sys-tem, but in the end, Congress needs to be forced to account for the regulations resulting from our sweeping legislation like ObamaCare and Dodd-Frank. 
The REINS Act accomplishes this ob-
jective. The REINS Act, like the Hoo-siers I represent, demands account-ability. I commend it to the consider-ation of all my colleagues. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I often hear my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle repeat false in-formation, and it is unfortunate that it would be perpetrated that economic growth has been hurt because of an ex-plosion of regulations during the Obama administration. 
I will be the first to admit that, with 
the historic passage of the Affordable Care Act, which has enabled 16 million Americans to now have access to the healthcare system—16 million people— it could have been more if the policies had not been obstructed so much; if we hadn’t had 50-plus votes to do away with the Affordable Care Act, we would have more people having access to the healthcare system in this country, but bringing that many people into the healthcare system and actually chang-ing the healthcare system required new regulations, and so people have been 
trying, for 75 to 100 years, to establish health care for everyone in this coun-try. 
The Affordable Care Act was the clos-
est that we could come to that ideal, but it was a transformational bill, and it did require new regulations to nur-ture it and to get it to this point, which has been a complete success, de-spite all opposition. 
b1445 
And then we had the Dodd-Frank leg-
islation that was passed as a result of the Great Recession, which was caused by a lack of regulation. 
So we had regulations that had to 
come forth as a result of the passage of that legislation to protect the health, safety, and financial well-being of ev-eryday Americans. And so with that act having passed and controls put on excessive speculation in the financial services industry, we have seen eco-nomic growth. That is the bottom line. We had 64 straight months of private sector job growth. That is 12.8 million private sector jobs created amidst a regulatory system that is proworker, proenvironment, prohealth and prosafety, and proinnovation. That is a significant accomplishment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the 
chairman of the Small Business Com-mittee and a fighter for small busi-nesses and the families that they rep-resent. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Before I get into my prepared re-
marks, I have to respond to my good friend from Georgia’s comments about the Affordable Care Act, which many have come to start referring to as the ‘‘Unaffordable Care Act’’ or ‘‘ObamaCare,’’ as most people refer to it. 
There certainly was a need to help 
some of those folks who didn’t have in-surance, and there were ways of doing that. By passage of this legislation, we have adversely, negatively impacted, I think, far more Americans than we have helped. We have seen Americans’ rates go up, deductibles go up, pre-miums go up, and they are getting less quality health care for that. So it has been a disaster for many Americans, and a lot of it is still unfolding. 
And then, on Dodd-Frank, which the 
gentleman also mentioned, what we have seen as a result of that—and I happen to be the chair of the Small Business Committee, as was men-tioned—one of small businesses’ great-est challenges is access to capital, get-ting money so that they can grow or start a business or grow an existing business and create more jobs. 
Because of Dodd-Frank, we got a 
whole new army of bureaucrats looking over the shoulders of banks—and the smaller banks, too, like community banks, who had nothing to do with this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.038 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5550 July 28, 2015 
so-called economic meltdown. Bureau-
crats are looking over the shoulders of credit unions, making it tougher for them to make loans to small busi-nesses. 
So those two pieces of legislation, 
which many of my friends on the other side of the aisle are proud of, I think have been disastrous for this country. 
Getting to this particular piece of 
legislation, half of America is em-ployed by small businesses. In fact, 70 percent of the new jobs created in this economy are created by small busi-nesses. Families rely on small busi-nesses to put food on the table and a roof over their heads. They are very critical to the American community and to our American economy. 
There is not a small-business owner I 
know who thinks that the government creates job, but they do know that gov-ernment can keep them from creating jobs. It does it with one-size-fits-all regulations. It does it by perpetuating uncertainty and increasing barriers to success. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman. 
The REINS Act forces government to 
think before it acts. It protects the American people by ensuring that those that they elected get a say in major regulations—not all regulations, just regulations that would have a sig-nificant impact on the economy. 
Some may falsely claim that this bill 
is about deregulation. It is not. It is about accountability. It is about mak-ing government think before it acts. And if it chooses to act, the American people can hold their elected represent-atives—us—accountable for making that decision, not some nameless, face-less bureaucracy, but their elected rep-resentatives. That is what this is all about. It is commonsense legislation. 
I commend the gentleman from Indi-
ana for offering this. I also want to thank the gentleman from Georgia for handling this on the floor today. 
The REINS Act is a good piece of leg-
islation. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I would in-
quire as to how much time remains on both sides. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) has 13 minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) has 14 minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), another fighter for 
his district and those who are affected by regulation. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, 
the Constitution vests all legislative powers in Congress. Unfortunately, past Members of this institution have given away a lot of that power to gov-ernment agencies like the EPA, the De-
partment of Health and Human Serv-ices, and an alphabet soup of agencies. President Obama is using his pen and telephone to talk to the ideologues who work in and run these agencies to change laws, to make laws without coming to Congress. Unelected, face-less Federal bureaucrats are making regulations that have the force of law, not elected representatives of the peo-ple. 
There are reams of rules. There are 
so many rules out there, I bet the aver-age person can’t go a couple of hours without violating a rule or regulation they probably don’t even know about. 
The REINS Act is a great first step in 
reining in these job-killing regulations. The legislation before us is important to America. The REINS Act brings ac-countability back to the system. 
When a regulation with an economic 
impact of more than $100 million comes out of one of these agencies, it has got to be approved by Congress. That is our job; the Constitution says so, the peo-ple who elected us to make laws. And the people will hold us accountable for those laws if they are bad laws. 
How do you hold a faceless Federal 
bureaucrat accountable? We have seen through the VA that it is practically impossible to fire one of these bureau-crats. But every 2 years you have got the opportunity to fire somebody in this House, and every 6 years you have the opportunity to fire somebody on the other side. 
Let Congress do the job the Founding 
Fathers intended. Put the people’s rep-resentatives back in charge. Follow the Constitution. 
The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. 
J
OHNSON ) made a great point when he 
was reading through the Supreme Court decision talking about the con-stitutional responsibility of this branch of government to make the laws. That is what the REINS Act does. It gives us back the power. 
Another gentleman on the other side 
spoke about the taxicab standard, how it came up in a taxicab and how this random regulation has been law for years. If the REINS Act had been in ef-fect, that would have come before Con-gress, and we could have asked the question: Where is the science behind that? 
It would have worked then, and it 
will work when we pass it now. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in strong support of the REINS Act. 
For far too long, Congress has al-
lowed unelected Federal bureaucrats to take responsibility for the policy-making in this town. Too often, these unaccountable individuals in Wash-ington make decisions that affect the daily lives of western Pennsylvanians with little regard for how they impact 
one’s livelihood and family. 
For instance, we learned a month ago 
in a Supreme Court decision that one agency, the EPA, failed to appro-priately consider the costs and benefits of its MATS proposal, which is esti-mated to cost $9 billion, with a benefit of only $4 million to $6 million. 
Solid, middle class jobs like those in 
some parts of the energy industry and in my district are being regulated right out of existence. More broadly, con-sider that in 2015, thus far, more than 150 regulations have been finalized, with total costs exceeding $60 billion and more than 10 million hours of pa-perwork. 
It is this unaccountable culture that 
hinders the very job creation and eco-nomic growth we need in cities and towns across America that will provide opportunities for Americans to get back in the game and to get this coun-try back on track. 
There is a bigger issue here, Mr. 
Chairman, and that is what is rep-resented in this bill. It goes to the con-stitutional structure of our govern-ment, where we are supposed to have an executive branch that is supposed to enforce the law, a legislative branch that makes the law, and a judicial branch that adjudicates the law. 
For close to 100 years, this body has 
ceded responsibility for making laws to the executive branch. This bill is a start towards restoring the proper structure of government and account-ability. 
When regulations are passed that 
people don’t agree with, there is no way to hold those regulators account-able; but if Congress had a say, you could hold Congress accountable. This is what self-government is all about. 
I reflect on 34 years ago, when a cer-
tain gentleman spoke on the west front of this Capitol and had these words to say: ‘‘From time to time we’ve been tempted to believe that society has be-come too complex to be managed by self-rule, that government by an elite group is superior to government for, by, and of the people. Well, if no one among us is capable of governing him-self, then who among us has the capac-ity to govern someone else?’’ 
I thank Mr. Y
OUNG and the com-
mittee for its work on the REINS Act. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill as a means to restoring the origi-nal, proper constitutional structure of who is responsible for the laws that come out of this town. You would think that Members of Congress would want to take credit for good regula-tions and protect people from bad regu-lations. Again, that is what this legis-lation does. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The economic elites who are the pa-
trons of many of my friends across the aisle believe in trickle-down econom-ics, which George Herbert Walker Bush termed to be ‘‘voodoo economics.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.040 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5551 July 28, 2015 
My friends believe that when you put 
a quarter in the pocket of a rich man, there is a hole in that pocket and the quarter trickles down and falls out into nickles and dimes and is distributed to the waiting working class people of the country. They believe that is how the economy works: give the rich the money, let them operate in an unregu-lated environment, and then somehow, magically, the economy trickles down to those waiting at the bottom of the scale waiting for some kind of a hand-out. 
That is not how our economy works. 
It works from the ground up. It works with people going to work, making a decent wage, delivering services for a period of time—8 hours a day, that is a regulation; 40 hours a week, that is a regulation. We didn’t used to have those during times when people were predominantly poor, and the Nation was poor as a result; but due to these regulations like the minimum wage, the 40-hour workweek, the health and safety regulations on the job, we were able to build a middle class in this country that sustained us up until the time when Ronald Reagan won the Presidency and established the current climate of trickle-down economics. 
We have seen during that time what 
has happened is the rich have gotten richer and the poor have gotten poorer. The working poor have had less to work with and the middle class has been squeezed so that there are not as many working middle class people as there were once before. 
So the REINS Act is a gift to the eco-
nomic elites who have had their way with the economy for the last 40 years. They want to stab the heart of the American economy now by passing this act, the REINS Act, which would not deregulate, but it would stop all future regulations from coming to the fore. That is something that America does not need. 
So I am going to urge my colleagues 
at the appropriate time to oppose this legislation and oppose voodoo econom-ics, oppose trickle-down economics. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1500 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds to just say that the fact of the matter is we are not talking about voodoo economics here. We are talking about representative democracy. 
The American people elect their Rep-
resentatives from 435 congressional dis-tricts; 50 States elect their Senators, and they send us to Washington, D.C., to write the laws of the land. 
The laws that the gentleman referred 
to were all written by the United States Congress, signed into law by various Presidents. Then those laws are turned into regulations, and that is where there is no more representative democracy. 
The bureaucracy that writes the reg-
ulations has no accountability. They write regulations that cost too much, that strangle the job creation that we 
both—the gentleman from Georgia and I would like to see greater job creation and more jobs for the middle class in this country. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself an additional 15 seconds. 
This bill is about restoring represent-
ative democracy to the American peo-ple and fairness to the American people and protecting their economy and pro-tecting their jobs by making sure that bureaucrats are held accountable and send those regulations back to the Con-gress for an up-or-down vote that, yes, those regulations comport with what the Congress intended when they wrote the law—or don’t comport. 
If they comport, they take effect; if 
they don’t, they don’t take effect. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I stand today in strong sup-port of the REINS Act of 2015. 
The gentleman from Georgia said, in 
opposition to this bill just a few mo-ments ago, that we should be opposed to it, because ‘‘it would end rule-making as we know it.’’ 
What a great statement on why we 
should vote for the REINS Act because that is exactly what we are trying to do. We must end rulemaking as we know it. 
I am proud to cosponsor this bill be-
cause I know, firsthand, how this ad-ministration’s overbearing regulatory policies have devastated my State, West Virginia; its businesses; its work-ers; its fundamental way of life. The people of West Virginia’s Third District deserve better. All West Virginians de-serve better. All Americans deserve better. 
The Economist recently estimated 
that Federal regulations cost our Na-tion more than $1.8 trillion per year. In West Virginia, for example, the EPA has implemented sweeping rules and regulations that have driven out thou-sands of good-paying jobs, reduced de-mand for West Virginia coal, and raised energy prices for all Americans. 
This administration is out of touch 
with our Nation’s hard-working fami-lies. This bill, the REINS Act, will pro-tect our communities, small busi-nesses, and workers from the adminis-tration’s crushing regulatory on-slaught. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to vote 
in support. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
My colleagues have repeatedly ar-
gued to the fact that—or to the allega-tion that the rate of Federal regula-tions is growing, but a recent report by the nonpartisan Congressional Re-search Service reported that the length of the Code of Federal Regulations has no bearing on the scope or impact of Federal regulation. In other words, just because the vol-
ume of paper is growing, they want to argue that this means that there is an onslaught, an explosion of Federal reg-ulations. 
As I pointed out earlier, yes, there 
have been new regulations having to do with Dodd-Frank, which protects us from another economic meltdown that we suffered under the Bush administra-tion, and also the Affordable Care Act, which has enabled 16 million Ameri-cans to have access to the healthcare system who did not have it prior to the passage of the Affordable Care Act. 
This argument that regulations are 
killing us is nonfactual. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have only one speaker remaining, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I will close and just say that this de-
bate has been about whether or not we need a law that would stop Federal rulemaking in its tracks. 
This debate has been about whether 
or not, as we move forward into the fu-ture, as society advances, as tech-nology takes us to places where we have never been before, as medical care and breakthroughs in the ability to keep people alive, as that explodes, as things change, as they do in the annals of human history, the question is whether or not we are going to have a Federal bureaucracy that keeps up with the change and keeps up with the need for an implementation regimen to enact or see that the laws that are en-
acted by Congress can, in fact, be ac-complished. 
With no regulations to support the 
measures that Congress passes—but I will note that this Congress doesn’t pass much, but that is what we are here for, to keep up with change and to legislate, so that change is good for Americans, their health, safety, and well-being. 
When we do that, if we have a regu-
latory regime that is gummed up and inoperable, then it hurts America’s ability to compete in this global mar-ketplace. It hurts America’s economy to be an economy where all people can share in the prosperity of it. 
This is what this debate has been 
about. Are we going to change Amer-ica? Are we going to throw out the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act, which has been an orderly way and predictable way for regulations to be promulgated and placed into effect? 
Are we going to do away with that 
and then subject that rulemaking proc-ess to a dysfunctional process like we have here in Congress today, where we can’t even pass the Export-Import Bank legislation—which, by the way, you say, government does not create jobs, but there will be government jobs lost as a result of us going home early without having passed the Export-Im-port Bank reauthorization. 
Government does create jobs, and we 
are going to lose tens of thousands of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.041 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5552 July 28, 2015 
jobs because of our inability or our re-
fusal to bring a measure to the floor which has the votes—bipartisan votes— to pass this Chamber and which has al-ready passed the Senate in a transpor-tation bill. 
We are going to go home without 
having done that, and I will tell you we will go home without having—if this legislation passes, we will go home without passing a single regulation, and government will be gummed up. Who will prosper? It is the economic elites who make money, regardless. 
I will call on my colleagues to oppose 
this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
During this debate, my friends on the 
other side of the aisle have raised quite a few false alarms. 
If this bill passes, why, all important 
regulations will stop, they say; but that is not true. All regulation that is worthy of Congress’ approval will con-tinue. 
If this bill passes, why, expert deci-
sionmaking will stop because Congress will have the final say on new major regulations, not Washington bureau-crats; but that is not true. Congress will have the benefit of the best evi-
dence and arguments expert agencies can offer in support of their new regu-lations. 
Congress is capable of determining 
whether that evidence and those argu-ments are good or not and deciding what finally will become law. That is the job our Founding Fathers en-trusted to us in the Constitution. We should not shirk from it. 
I will tell you, though, what will stop 
if this bill becomes law is the endless avalanche of new, major regulations that do not deserve Congress’ approval because they impose massive, unjusti-fied costs that crush jobs, crush wages, and crush the spirits of America’s fam-ilies and small-business owners. 
Think about what that will mean to 
real Americans suffering the real bur-dens of the Obama administration’s overreaching regulations. Let me tell you about some of them who have tes-tified before the Judiciary Committee. 
Think of Rob James, a city council-
man from Avon Lake, Ohio, a small town that has faced devastation by ideologically driven, anti-fossil fuel power plant regulations. 
These regulations were expected to 
destroy jobs in Avon Lake, harm Avon Lake’s families, and make it even harder for Avon Lake to find the re-sources to provide emergency services, quality schools, and help for its need-iest citizens—all while doing compara-tively little to control mercury emis-sions that were the stated target of the regulations. 
The Supreme Court just invalidated 
those regulations, but not before mul-tiple years of job-crushing compliance costs had to be borne by those who challenged the rules. 
Think of Bob Sells, from my district. 
He runs a Virginia-based division of a heavy construction materials producer. 
His company and its workers were harmed by EPA cement kiln emission regulations that were technically unat-tainable and vastly changed from what the EPA proposed for public comment, other EPA emission regulations that were stricter than needed to protect health, gerrymandered to impose ex-pensive controls on other types of emissions, and that prohibited com-monsense uses of cheap and safe fuel that could eventually help the environ-ment and the Department of Transpor-tation regulations that, without in-creasing safety, vastly increased rec-ordkeeping for ready-mix concrete drivers, unnecessarily limited their hours, and suppressed their wages. 
This is what the REINS Act will stop: 
overreaching, unjustified, immensely costly regulation that, unless Congress stands up to protect the American peo-ple, this administration will continue to load on to the backs of struggling American families and small-business owners. 
Support the American people. Sup-
port the REINS Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chair, as a cosponsor of 
H.R. 427 I rise in strong support of the REINS Act. 
Our bill is imperative to ensuring that federal 
agencies, and those in the White House, are held accountable for the expensive and intru-sive regulations they are imposing on the American people. 
The REINS Act simply requires an up or 
down vote by Congress on any costly regula-tion proposed by a federal agency before it is allowed to take effect. 
This is a common sense check on regu-
lators who too often ignore the impact of their job-killing regulations. 
The United States was founded on the prin-
ciple of separation of powers, a system that exists to protect the people from the un-checked, unilateral actions of a faceless bu-reaucracy. 
Unfortunately, the current Administration has 
issued regulations at record levels and ven-tured into new regulatory areas that go far be-yond the originally authorized regulatory au-thority. 
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Of-
fice estimates that over the last five years, the Obama Administration has issued 82 ‘‘major rules’’—or rules with more than $100 million in economic impact—each year. 
Bureaucratic red tape and costly mandates 
have forced small businesses to close up shop, have resulted in other businesses laying off workers and have made U.S. businesses less competitive. 
America’s job-creators and small businesses 
are the lifeblood of our communities, and our economy, and we cannot stand by and let them be overrun by rules and regulations. It’s time to rein in the regulators and bring some accountability to their unchecked power. 
The American people deserve a government 
that is both accountable for their actions and one that operates under a structure meant to protect their freedoms. 
I believe it’s time that we stand up and put 
a stop to this abuse of power, and the REINS Act is a critical step towards the achievement of that goal. I’m standing with hard-working Americans, 
the nation’s small businesses and America’s job-creators. Let’s pass H.R. 427 and restore common sense in our government. 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise today support of 
H.R. 427, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act of 2015. 
In the two terms of the Obama Administra-
tion thus far, the Executive Branch has issued increasingly costly regulations on a variety of issues, without much thought to the dev-astating effects on the economy. 
The REINS Act would give Congress, and 
therefore the people, the power to determine whether all major regulations that have an es-timated economic impact of over $100 million, significant adverse effects on employment, or a major increase in costs for consumers take effect. This would return Congress to a proper role of oversight. 
As a small businessman, I know firsthand 
the crippling impact of an overzealous federal government. The REINS Act would finally em-power members of Congress to engage in the rulemaking process and return our regulatory scheme to a common sense one that pro-motes economic growth, creates jobs, and in-creases wages for working families in the First District of Iowa while protecting our natural re-sources, environment, and health. 
I look forward to working with my colleagues 
in the Senate to enact this pro-growth legisla-tion that assists job creators across my district and across America. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment print-ed in part A of House Report 114–230. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 427 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulations 
from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to increase ac-
countability for and transparency in the Federal regulatory process. Section 1 of arti-cle I of the United States Constitution grants all legislative powers to Congress. Over time, Congress has excessively dele-gated its constitutional charge while failing to conduct appropriate oversight and retain accountability for the content of the laws it passes. By requiring a vote in Congress, the REINS Act will result in more carefully drafted and detailed legislation, an improved regulatory process, and a legislative branch that is truly accountable to the American people for the laws imposed upon them. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF AGENCY 
RULEMAKING. 
Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, is 
amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.042 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5553 July 28, 2015 
‘‘CHAPTER 8—CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW 
OF AGENCY RULEMAKING 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘801. Congressional review. ‘‘802. Congressional approval procedure for 
major rules. 
‘‘803. Congressional disapproval procedure 
for nonmajor rules. 
‘‘804. Definitions. ‘‘805. Judicial review. ‘‘806. Exemption for monetary policy. ‘‘807. Effective date of certain rules. 
‘‘§ 801. Congressional review 
‘‘(a)(1)(A) Before a rule may take effect, 
the Federal agency promulgating such rule shall submit to each House of the Congress and to the Comptroller General a report con-taining— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the rule; ‘‘(ii) a concise general statement relating 
to the rule; 
‘‘(iii) a classification of the rule as a major 
or nonmajor rule, including an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each criteria for a major rule contained within sections 804(2)(A), 804(2)(B), and 804(2)(C); 
‘‘(iv) a list of any other related regulatory 
actions intended to implement the same statutory provision or regulatory objective as well as the individual and aggregate eco-nomic effects of those actions; and 
‘‘(v) the proposed effective date of the rule. 
‘‘(B) On the date of the submission of the 
report under subparagraph (A), the Federal agency promulgating the rule shall submit 
to the Comptroller General and make avail-able to each House of Congress— 
‘‘(i) a complete copy of the cost-benefit 
analysis of the rule, if any; 
‘‘(ii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sec-
tions 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of this title; 
‘‘(iii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sec-
tions 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995; and 
‘‘(iv) any other relevant information or re-
quirements under any other Act and any rel-evant Executive orders. 
‘‘(C) Upon receipt of a report submitted 
under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and ranking member of each standing com-mittee with jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision of law under which the rule is issued. 
‘‘(2)(A) The Comptroller General shall pro-
vide a report on each major rule to the com-mittees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 cal-endar days after the submission or publica-tion date. The report of the Comptroller General shall include an assessment of the agency’s compliance with procedural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assess-ment of whether the major rule imposes any new limits or mandates on private-sector ac-tivity. 
‘‘(B) Federal agencies shall cooperate with 
the Comptroller General by providing infor-mation relevant to the Comptroller Gen-eral’s report under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) A major rule relating to a report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall take effect upon enactment of a joint resolution of ap-proval described in section 802 or as provided for in the rule following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 802, whichever is later. 
‘‘(4) A nonmajor rule shall take effect as 
provided by section 803 after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(5) If a joint resolution of approval relat-
ing to a major rule is not enacted within the period provided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint resolution of approval relating to the same rule may not be considered under this chapter in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. ‘‘(b)(1) A major rule shall not take effect 
unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval described under section 802. 
‘‘(2) If a joint resolution described in sub-
section (a) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 session days or legislative days, as ap-plicable, beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is re-ceived by Congress (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), then the rule described in that resolution shall be deemed not to be approved and such rule shall not take effect. 
‘‘(c)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this section (except subject to para-graph (3)), a major rule may take effect for one 90-calendar-day period if the President makes a determination under paragraph (2) and submits written notice of such deter-mination to the Congress. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to a determina-
tion made by the President by Executive order that the major rule should take effect because such rule is— 
‘‘(A) necessary because of an imminent 
threat to health or safety or other emer-gency; 
‘‘(B) necessary for the enforcement of 
criminal laws; 
‘‘(C) necessary for national security; or ‘‘(D) issued pursuant to any statute imple-
menting an international trade agreement. 
‘‘(3) An exercise by the President of the au-
thority under this subsection shall have no effect on the procedures under section 802. 
‘‘(d)(1) In addition to the opportunity for 
review otherwise provided under this chap-ter, in the case of any rule for which a report was submitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occurring— 
‘‘(A) in the case of the Senate, 60 session 
days, or 
‘‘(B) in the case of the House of Represent-
atives, 60 legislative days, 
before the date the Congress is scheduled to 
adjourn a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Con-gress first convenes its next session, sections 802 and 803 shall apply to such rule in the succeeding session of Congress. 
‘‘(2)(A) In applying sections 802 and 803 for 
purposes of such additional review, a rule de-scribed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as though— 
‘‘(i) such rule were published in the Federal 
Register on— 
‘‘(I) in the case of the Senate, the 15th ses-
sion day, or 
‘‘(II) in the case of the House of Represent-
atives, the 15th legislative day, 
after the succeeding session of Congress first 
convenes; and 
‘‘(ii) a report on such rule were submitted 
to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. 
‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed to affect the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that a report shall be sub-mitted to Congress before a rule can take ef-fect. 
‘‘(3) A rule described under paragraph (1) 
shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including other subsections of this sec-tion). 
‘‘§ 802. Congressional approval procedure for 
major rules 
‘‘(a)(1) For purposes of this section, the 
term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution addressing a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii) that— 
‘‘(A) bears no preamble; ‘‘(B) bears the following title (with blanks 
filled as appropriate): ‘Approving the rule submitted by lll relating to lll .’; ‘‘(C) includes after its resolving clause only 
the following (with blanks filled as appro-priate): ‘That Congress approves the rule submitted by lll relating to lll .’; and 
‘‘(D) is introduced pursuant to paragraph 
(2). 
‘‘(2) After a House of Congress receives a 
report classifying a rule as major pursuant 
to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii), the majority lead-er of that House (or his or her respective des-ignee) shall introduce (by request, if appro-priate) a joint resolution described in para-graph (1)— 
‘‘(A) in the case of the House of Represent-
atives, within three legislative days; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of the Senate, within three 
session days. 
‘‘(3) A joint resolution described in para-
graph (1) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. 
‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in sub-
section (a) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdic-tion over the provision of law under which the rule is issued. 
‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee or 
committees to which a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its introduction, such committee or committees shall be automatically dis-charged from further consideration of the resolution and it shall be placed on the cal-endar. A vote on final passage of the resolu-tion shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolution is reported by the committee or committees to which it was referred, or after such com-mittee or committees have been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. 
‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee 
or committees to which a joint resolution is referred have reported, or when a committee or committees are discharged (under sub-section (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-tion, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. 
‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint res-
olution, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A mo-tion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a mo-tion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. 
‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following 
the conclusion of the debate on a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a), and a sin-gle quorum call at the conclusion of the de-bate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. 
‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the 
Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(e) In the House of Representatives, if any 
committee to which a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) has been referred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.008 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5554 July 28, 2015 
has not reported it to the House at the end 
of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate cal-endar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 legislative days to call up that joint resolu-tion for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be de-batable for 1 hour equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without intervening motion. It shall not be in order to reconsider the vote on passage. If a vote on final pas-sage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. 
‘‘(f)(1) If, before passing a joint resolution 
described in subsection (a), one House re-ceives from the other a joint resolution hav-ing the same text, then— 
‘‘(A) the joint resolution of the other 
House shall not be referred to a committee; and 
‘‘(B) the procedure in the receiving House 
shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolu-tion received from the other House shall sup-plant the joint resolution of the receiving House. 
‘‘(2) This subsection shall not apply to the 
House of Representatives if the joint resolu-tion received from the Senate is a revenue measure. 
‘‘(g) If either House has not taken a vote 
on final passage of the joint resolution by the last day of the period described in sec-tion 801(b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. 
‘‘(h) This section and section 803 are en-
acted by Congress— 
‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such is deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) and superseding other rules only where explicitly so; and 
‘‘(2) with full recognition of the Constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
‘‘§ 803. Congressional disapproval procedure 
for nonmajor rules 
‘‘(a) For purposes of this section, the term 
‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolu-tion introduced in the period beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Con-gress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress dis-approves the nonmajor rule submitted by the lll relating to lll , and such rule shall 
have no force or effect.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). 
‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in sub-
section (a) shall be referred to the commit-tees in each House of Congress with jurisdic-tion. 
‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee to 
which is referred a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has not reported such joint 
resolution (or an identical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be discharged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. 
‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee 
to which a joint resolution is referred has re-ported, or when a committee is discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consider-ation of a joint resolution described in sub-section (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amend-ment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. 
‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint res-
olution, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. 
‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following 
the conclusion of the debate on a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a), and a sin-gle quorum call at the conclusion of the de-bate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. 
‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the 
Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(e) In the Senate the procedure specified 
in subsection (c) or (d) shall not apply to the consideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor rule— 
‘‘(1) after the expiration of the 60 session 
days beginning with the applicable submis-sion or publication date, or 
‘‘(2) if the report under section 801(a)(1)(A) 
was submitted during the period referred to in section 801(d)(1), after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning on the 15th ses-sion day after the succeeding session of Con-gress first convenes. 
‘‘(f) If, before the passage by one House of 
a joint resolution of that House described in subsection (a), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: 
‘‘(1) The joint resolution of the other 
House shall not be referred to a committee. 
‘‘(2) With respect to a joint resolution de-
scribed in subsection (a) of the House receiv-ing the joint resolution— 
‘‘(A) the procedure in that House shall be 
the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but 
‘‘(B) the vote on final passage shall be on 
the joint resolution of the other House. 
‘‘§ 804. Definitions 
‘‘For purposes of this chapter— 
‘‘(1) The term ‘Federal agency’ means any 
agency as that term is defined in section 551(1). ‘‘(2) The term ‘major rule’ means any rule, 
including an interim final rule, that the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— 
‘‘(A) an annual effect on the economy of 
$100,000,000 or more; 
‘‘(B) a major increase in costs or prices for 
consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geo-graphic regions; or 
‘‘(C) significant adverse effects on competi-
tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and ex-port markets. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘nonmajor rule’ means any 
rule that is not a major rule. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘rule’ has the meaning given 
such term in section 551, except that such term does not include— 
‘‘(A) any rule of particular applicability, 
including a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefore, corporate or finan-cial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the fore-going; 
‘‘(B) any rule relating to agency manage-
ment or personnel; or 
‘‘(C) any rule of agency organization, pro-
cedure, or practice that does not substan-tially affect the rights or obligations of non- agency parties. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘submission date or publica-
tion date’, except as otherwise provided in this chapter, means— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a major rule, the date 
on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a nonmajor rule, the 
later of— 
‘‘(i) the date on which the Congress re-
ceives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) the date on which the nonmajor rule 
is published in the Federal Register, if so published. 
‘‘§ 805. Judicial review 
‘‘(a) No determination, finding, action, or 
omission under this chapter shall be subject to judicial review. 
‘‘(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a 
court may determine whether a Federal agency has completed the necessary require-ments under this chapter for a rule to take effect. 
‘‘(c) The enactment of a joint resolution of 
approval under section 802 shall not be inter-preted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Congress for the pro-mulgation of a rule, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or pro-cedural, against any alleged defect in a rule, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding con-cerning a rule except for purposes of deter-mining whether or not the rule is in effect. 
‘‘§ 806. Exemption for monetary policy 
‘‘Nothing in this chapter shall apply to 
rules that concern monetary policy proposed or implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee. 
‘‘§ 807. Effective date of certain rules 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 801— 
‘‘(1) any rule that establishes, modifies, 
opens, closes, or conducts a regulatory pro-gram for a commercial, recreational, or sub-sistence activity related to hunting, fishing, or camping; or 
‘‘(2) any rule other than a major rule which 
an agency for good cause finds (and incor-porates the finding and a brief statement of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.008 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5555 July 28, 2015 
reasons therefore in the rule issued) that no-
tice and public procedure thereon are im-practicable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest, 
shall take effect at such time as the Federal 
agency promulgating the rule determines.’’. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUB-
JECT TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget 
and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT  
TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Any rules subject to the congres-
sional approval procedure set forth in sec-tion 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, affecting budget authority, outlays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effective un-less it is not approved in accordance with such section.’’. 
SEC. 5. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
STUDY OF RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study to determine, as of the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) how many rules (as such term is defined 
in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; 
(2) how many major rules (as such term is 
defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; and 
(3) the total estimated economic cost im-
posed by all such rules. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that con-tains the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 230. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
IOWA 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, line 3, insert after ‘‘shall’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the rule is based, including data, scientific and eco-nomic studies, and cost-benefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such in-formation online, and shall’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 380, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Iowa. 
b1515 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank the chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee, Chairman G OOD-
LATTE , for his kindness in allowing me 
to come forward with an amendment here. 
My amendment is quite simple, and I 
believe it should be bipartisan. My amendment, quite simply, requires agencies to make available on the Internet the data, the science, studies, and analyses that a major rule is based on. 
This transparency allows everyone 
access to the source information and the same information so we can all be on the same page when we talk about these things. No one is left in the dark. 
You know, Iowans ask me—and I am 
sure the same questions are asked to other Members when they are home— How do regulations come to these con-clusions? How do these regulators get to where they get to when they do these regulations? What science or data do they use? Is it sound science? 
They want to see the same data and 
science. They ask me: Well, can we see it, too? And I don’t have a good answer for them at the time. But I want to make sure that they do. 
So this amendment allows Americans 
to see that science that the regulators use. My amendment helps answer these questions by simply making this infor-mation available. 
Federal regulations affect every as-
pect of a hard-working American’s day, from the moment they wake up until they go to bed at night. 
They affect America’s job creators, 
big and small, with sometimes exorbi-tant costs in order to comply, but also devastating costs of lost opportunities to grow their businesses and create more jobs. 
Federal regulations have an enor-
mous, a giant, impact on the health of our national economy to the tune of $1.88 trillion in 2014. Federal regulation is a constantly growing entity. 
The Code of Federal Regulations, as 
we know, is monstrous in size, cost and effect on our economy, and our job cre-ators and on the bank accounts of hard-working Americans. 
I have a real dedicated interest in 
tackling this issue of regulations be-cause they affect our rights and the economy, and I am willing to work with anyone on these issues. 
I have other ideas. I think we should 
know who these regulators are, who is writing these rules and regs, what is their background. 
We, as Members, put our names on 
amendments and bills, but we don’t know the names of the people who are writing these regulations. Those are ideas that I have, also. 
We do financial disclosure reports 
here in Congress. Members do as well as our senior staff. I think we should consider the impact that this would have on those who do these regula-tions, making them do a financial dis-closure report. These are just some of the ideas. 
But today my amendment is about 
making sure the science and data that these regulators, what they come to a 
conclusion on, are made available to the public so we can all be on the same page and there is transparency and we are not left in the dark. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, this 
Young amendment looks eerily famil-iar to the so-called Secret Science Re-form Act, H.R. 1030, that the House passed in a partisan vote back in March, except the problem is that this bill is actually even worse. 
H.R. 1030 would have applied these 
harmful restrictions to the EPA, but this amendment that we are looking at today would affect every single Federal agency. 
Let’s look. The amendment would re-
quire an agency, as part of its rule-
making process, to make all informa-tion used in the creation of a rule pub-licly accessible, including all of the data. 
That would mean that any data that 
is considered confidential, such as health information or business records, would most likely become off limits. 
So, for example, an agency trying to 
create labeling requirements for toxic chemicals wouldn’t be able to use a study that uses personal health data as long as that data is deemed confiden-tial. 
New scientific methods and data 
could be restricted because the infor-mation includes data protected by in-tellectual property laws. 
When we passed the Secret Science 
Act on a partisan vote last March, I mentioned in my opposition that it would force the EPA to choose between protecting our health and environment and maintaining the privacy of patient medical records and the confidentiality of business records. And if that argu-ment isn’t enough, let’s consider the costs. 
When the House Science Committee 
was considering the bill that I men-tioned previously, the Secret Science Act that does exactly the same thing that the Young amendment does, ex-cept to all Federal agencies, Democrats on the committee pointed out that the Congressional Budget Office estimated just for that one bill that it would cost the EPA $250 million to comply with the new regulations. 
If that is how much it is going to cost 
the EPA for one regulatory require-ment, imagine what the cost would be if you expand this mandate across every single Federal agency. The cost would be astronomical. 
Between the cost and the harmful re-
strictions that this imposes on our Federal agencies, the amendment sets up an impossible hurdle for those agen-cies to overcome. 
We are asking them to decide be-
tween compromising institutional re-view board ethics and doing their job to protect the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.008 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5556 July 28, 2015 
It is very clear that the Young 
amendment and provisions like it are not, in fact, about transparency. It really is to block Federal agencies from doing their jobs, their jobs of pro-tecting our air, giving us clean water, making sure that our food supply is safe, checking on medical devices so that they don’t harm us, our prescrip-tion drugs so that they don’t make us sick, our privacy safeguards for our workplace information, our workplace safety standards, protections against Wall Street and its predatory lending practices. 
I would ask my colleagues to oppose 
this harmful and antiscience amend-ment, oppose the final bill, and oppose this amendment because of the restric-tions that it would place on the Amer-ican people. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
how much time is left? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Maryland has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
this amendment I oppose. It would re-quire agencies to publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which a rule is based, including data, sci-entific and economic studies, cost-ben-efit analyses, and where the public can access this information online. 
While this amendment purports to 
make scientific information available that is used in developing a rule, the amendment does not define or limit what would actually constitute the term ‘‘data.’’ 
As a result, the term could include 
sensitive health data, classified data, confidential business information, and all other forms of information subject to a rulemaking by any Federal agen-cy. 
Especially in light of the recent dis-
closure that the personal and sensitive information of millions of Federal em-ployees maintained by the Office of Personnel Management was hacked, Congress should be working to prevent Federal data breaches by reducing the accumulation and potential loss of sen-sitive data rather than requiring that the publication of such vast amounts of sensitive data be the rule of law. 
We just simply cannot afford that in 
this day and time. In sum, this amend-ment would exacerbate the risk of identity theft and data breaches. 
For those reasons, I must oppose this 
amendment. I urge my colleagues to do so as well. 
Ms. EDWARDS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have left? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman has 2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. I yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. I support his amendment. Mr. Chair, the REINS Act restores to 
Congress the accountability for regu-latory decisions that impose major burdens on our economy. By doing that, it ultimately strengthens the ability of the people to hold Wash-ington accountable. 
There could hardly be a better way to 
ensure that Congress will exercise its authority under the bill soundly and that the people can hold Congress and Washington accountable than through the gentleman’s amendment. 
This amendment guarantees that, 
when agencies publish new regulations, they will let Congress and the people know immediately how to access on-line the key scientific, economic, and cost-benefit information on which the agencies base the regulations. 
With this real-time access to infor-
mation in hand, Congress will be better positioned to scrutinize the agencies’ decisions, and the public will be better positioned to hold Congress account-able if Congress approves regulations that it shouldn’t. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, 
Americans deserve to know how they are being regulated and the science that is being used to affect our daily lives. 
Right now we are left in the dark, 
Mr. Chairman. We need sunlight. Sun-light is the best disinfectant here. We are unable right now to challenge what we can’t see, and that is a hard fight for the American people to put up against. 
I am urging favorability for this 
amendment. I ask my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, beginning on line 12, strike ‘‘sec-
tions 804(2)(A), 804(2)(B), and 804(2)(C)’’ and insert ‘‘clauses (i) through (iii) of section 804(2)(A) or within section 804(2)(B)’’. 
Page 18, beginning on line 11, strike ‘‘the 
Administrator’’, and insert ‘‘—’’ 
‘‘(A) the Administrator’’. 
Page 18, line 15, by redesignating subpara-
graph (A) as clause (i). 
Page 18, line 17, by redesignating subpara-
graph (B) as clause (ii). Page 18, line 21, by redesignating subpara-
graph (C) as clause (iii). 
Page 18, line 25, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; or’’. 
Page 18, insert after line 25 the following: 
‘‘(B) is made under the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act (Pub. Law 111-148).’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 380, the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. S
MITH) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, as I have traveled across the Eighth District of Missouri, one of the largest concerns I hear from my con-stituents is the uncertainty sur-rounding the Affordable Care Act. 
Individuals are concerned about how 
the relationship with their doctor will change and how their healthcare costs are rising. Businesses are left with un-certainty as well. 
They are afraid to hire folks because 
of the healthcare costs, which leaves them understaffed. Hospitals are con-solidating, and insurers are merging as a result of the law. 
The simple truth is that my constitu-
ents have fewer options. The Affordable Care Act is hurting health care and hurting jobs in Missouri and across the country. 
That is why I am offering an amend-
ment to protect families and job cre-ators from the mounting uncertainty of the Affordable Care Act. 
My amendment revises the definition 
of a major regulation to specifically in-
clude any regulation made under the Affordable Care Act. With over 3,000 pages of Federal regulations already issued and many more to follow, Con-gress must protect folks from this troublesome law and keep it from caus-ing further damage to our healthcare system. 
Mr. Chairman, there is a broad bipar-
tisan concern to the Affordable Care Act. This administration has dem-onstrated its own uncertainty through the delays to several key provisions of the bill. 
Congress must stand up for the folks 
back home and give the American peo-ple a voice. My amendment does just that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I oppose this amendment because it would make the REINS Act thor-oughly problematic insofar as the Af-fordable Care Act is concerned. 
One of my principal concerns about 
the REINS Act is it would jeopardize the health and safety of Americans by substantially delaying and possibly de-railing critical regulations from ever going into effect. 
As currently drafted, the REINS Act 
only applies to major regulations, that is, regulations having an annual effect of $100 million or more on the econ-omy; regulations causing a major in-crease in prices or costs for consumers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.047 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5557 July 28, 2015 
individual industries, governmental 
agencies, or geographic regions; and regulations having a significant ad-verse impact on competition, employ-ment, investment, and productivity. 
This amendment, however, would 
subject all regulations, not just major regulations issued under the Affordable Care Act, to the REINS Act’s burden-some requirements. 
It is obvious that this amendment 
has a different purpose. It is yet an-other attempt by the majority to un-dermine the implementation of the comprehensive healthcare reform legis-lation that was enacted in 2010, the Af-fordable Care Act, which, I might re-mind my colleagues, has been upheld not once, but twice, by the United States Supreme Court. 
We cannot allow the majority to do 
through this antiregulatory bill what it has repeatedly failed to do during the last 4 years, namely, to defeat healthcare reform. The REINS Act is a hopelessly flawed bill, and this amend-ment would only make it worse. 
Accordingly, I must strenuously ob-
ject to the amendment and oppose the amendment. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against it. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
b1530 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), 
chairman of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I support his amendment. 
The REINS Act restores to Congress 
the accountability for regulatory deci-sions that impose major burdens on our economy. This amendment strengthens congressional accountability for regu-lations under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as ObamaCare. 
The PPACA was imposed over the 
will of the American people. Implemen-tation of ObamaCare has demonstrated that the act imposes a detrimental and unworkable reform of the Nation’s healthcare system; and one after the other, promises made to the American people by the act’s supporters when the law was passed have been broken. 
Moreover, the Obama administra-
tion’s own actions to waive or suspend ObamaCare requirements have made clear that regulatory actions to imple-ment the act form a ‘‘seamless web.’’ Too often, actions to avoid one adverse effect of the act’s implementation send ripple effects of unfairness or other harmful consequences throughout the ObamaCare web, requiring adjustments of other aspects of implementation. This, too, justifies the amendment’s re-quirement that Congress approve any new regulations promulgated under the act. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, this amendment protects the folks back home. It stops the Obama 
administration and unelected bureau-crats from issuing major new healthcare regulations, and it improves the role of congressional oversight. 
I urge the adoption of this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, as the designee of the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, line 24, insert before the semicolon 
the following: ‘‘, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, differentiating between public and private sector jobs’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 380, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Excessive government regulations 
are a significant barrier to private sec-tor job creation. This Congress has made job creation a priority and, therefore, we believe it is important to have a role in reviewing these regula-tions to ensure that their proposed benefits outweigh any potential eco-nomic harm. 
The Sessions-Davis-Wenstrup-Barr 
amendment would require an agency’s report to Congress to include an assess-ment of estimated jobs gained or lost as a result of the implementation of a rule. These agencies would also be re-quired to specify whether those jobs will come from the public or private sector. This assessment will be part of the cost-benefit analysis required to be submitted to the Comptroller General and made available to each House of Congress prior to consideration of a rule. 
Over the past 6 years, our Nation’s 
cumulative regulatory burden has in-creased exponentially; and, unfortu-nately, this out-of-control administra-tion has shown no signs of slowing down. The addition of 27 major new rules last year brought the administra-tion’s 6-year total to an astounding 184 new regulations. This has cost the country thousands of jobs and an esti-
mated $80 billion annually. 
When regulations are considered for 
approval under the REINS Act, it is imperative that Congress have a clear picture of their effect on jobs. This amendment will help us guard against job-killing regulations and will give Congress important oversight over the executive branch’s regulatory agenda. 
At this time, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. Y
ODER ). The 
gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, this amendment would mandate that the cost-benefit analysis for a pro-posed rule required by the REINS Act that is submitted to Congress include an analysis of any jobs added or lost as a result of the proposed rule, differen-tiating between public and private sec-tor jobs. 
I should be clear that there is abso-
lutely no credible evidence proving that regulations depress job creation. In fact, one of the majority’s own wit-nesses at a hearing held in a prior Con-gress before the House Judiciary Com-mittee clearly debunked the myth that regulations stymie job growth and job creation. Christopher DeMuth of the American Enterprise Institute, a con-servative think tank, stated in his pre-pared testimony that the ‘‘focus on jobs . . . can lead to confusion in regu-latory debates’’ and that ‘‘the employ-ment effects of regulation, while im-portant, are indeterminate.’’ 
Even Bruce Bartlett, a senior policy 
analyst in the Reagan and George Her-bert Walker Bush administrations, has refuted the claim that regulations un-dermine the economy or job growth. He explains that ‘‘no hard evidence is of-fered for this claim; it is simply as-serted as self-evident and repeated end-lessly throughout the conservative echo chamber.’’ 
While I appreciate the sensitivity 
that the author of this amendment has for employment and job development, I would encourage him to support my amendment, which would except from the REINS Act’s onerous requirements all regulations that the Office of Man-agement and Budget determines would result in net job development. 
My amendment would ensure that 
job creating rules are not delayed or derailed as a result of the REINS Act’s nearly impossible procedural hurdles. 
Unfortunately, this amendment 
could add even more analytical burdens on agencies by forcing them to make a speculative assessment of whether a regulation will facilitate job creation or have a depressive effect. 
Instead of trying to turn Congress 
into a superadministrative agency, which is what the REINS Act would do, we should be considering legislation that would actually create jobs, stimu-late our Nation’s economy, and help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.050 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5558 July 28, 2015 
millions of struggling Americans re-
gain their financial footing with mean-ingful ways to encourage full employ-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Illinois has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. The gentleman from Georgia has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, at this point, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), 
my friend, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I support his amendment. 
The bill restores to Congress the ac-
countability for regulatory decisions that impose major burdens on our economy. As Congress makes those de-cisions, one of the most important fac-tors to consider is whether new regula-tions produce jobs or destroy them. 
The bill requires that when agencies 
submit new regulations to Congress, they will also submit their cost-benefit analyses of the regulations. The amendment guarantees that each of those analyses will include a specific assessment of the jobs the regulations create and the jobs the regulations de-stroy, distinguishing between private sector and public sector jobs. 
With that information, Congress will 
be in a better position to determine whether to approve the rules, and the American people will be in a better po-sition to hold Congress accountable for its decisions. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this commonsense amend-ment. I think it is only right to require very costly and burdensome regula-tions being created by this administra-tion’s regulatory environment to actu-ally show the taxpayers the cost ben-efit of what the executive branch’s de-cision is going to be on the taxpayers of this country. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as 
follows: Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘means any 
rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. 
Page 20, after line 8, insert the following: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule 
that the Administrator of the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job growth.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment would except from H.R. 427 all rules that the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation. 
As with many other deregulatory 
bills we have considered this Congress, the proponents of H.R. 427 argue that it will grow the economy, create jobs, and increase America’s competitiveness internationally. 
But we cannot pretend that this po-
liticized legislation is about economic growth or American prosperity. 
As I have noted during the consider-
ation of each of the antiregulatory bills that we have considered in the 114th Congress, there is simply no cred-ible evidence in support of the major-ity’s reiteration of ‘‘job-killing’’ regu-lations undermining economic growth—zero. 
The tired rhetoric that my Repub-
lican colleagues have repeated again and again since the passage of the REINS Act in 2011 has not changed in light of the changing facts on the ground. 
The latest report from the Bureau of 
Labor Statistics shows that unemploy-ment has fallen to 5.3 percent. While there is more work to do to grow the economy and help our Nation’s middle class, there have been 64 straight months of private sector job growth. That is 12.8 million private sector jobs created amidst a regulatory environ-ment that is proworker, proenvironment, propublic health and prosafety, and proinnovation. 
And to those who would brush aside 
these strong employment figures, the Department of Labor also reported last week that claims for unemployment benefits have dropped to the lowest lev-els in over 40 years, the lowest level since November of 1973. 
Do these numbers mean that the 
major rules adopted during the Obama administration have decreased employ-ment, grown the economy, or contrib-uted to the drop in unemployment ben-efit claims? 
While I would submit that regula-
tions have a positive effect on sustain-able economic growth, the reality is that there is little correlation between regulations and the economy. 
Don’t just take my word for it; take 
the word of the San Francisco and New York Federal Reserve Banks, which found zero correlation between employ-
ment and regulation. 
Take the word of Bruce Bartlett, a 
senior policy analyst in the Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush ad-ministrations, who strongly refuted the claim that regulations undermine the economy or job growth, explaining that Republicans ‘‘assert that Barack Obama has unleashed a tidal wave of new regulations, which has created un-certainty among businesses and pre-vents them from investing and hiring. No hard evidence is offered for this claim; it is simply asserted as self-evi-dent and repeated endlessly throughout the conservative echo chamber.’’ 
Take the word of the Washington 
Post, which gave ‘‘two Pinnochios’’ to industry estimates of the costs of regu-lations earlier this year. 
Take the word of the nonpartisan 
Congressional Research Service, which debunked claims that regulations have a trillion dollar cost to the economy. 
Mr. Chairman, we need real solutions 
to help real people, not yet another thinly veiled handout to large corpora-tions and the economic elite. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment and to oppose H.R. 427. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1545 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment carves out of the REINS Act’s congressional approval proce-dures regulations that the Office of Management and Budget determines will lead to net job creation. 
The danger in the amendment is the 
strong incentive it gives the OMB to manipulate its analysis of a major reg-ulation’s jobs impacts. Far too often, the OMB will be tempted to shade the analysis to skirt the bill’s congres-sional approval requirement. 
In addition, regulations alleged to 
create net new jobs often do so by de-stroying real, existing jobs and cre-ating new, hoped-for jobs associated with regulatory compliance. 
For example, some Environmental 
Protection Agency Clean Air Act rules will shut down existing power plants. The EPA and the OMB may attempt to justify that with claims that more new ‘‘green’’ jobs will be created as a result. 
In the end, that is just another way 
in which government picks the jobs winners and the jobs losers, and there is no guarantee that all of the new ‘‘green’’ jobs will ever actually exist. 
The REINS Act is not intended to 
force any particular outcome. It does not choose between clean air and dirty air. It does not choose between new jobs and old jobs. Instead, the REINS Act chooses between two ways of mak-ing laws. It chooses the way the Fram-ers intended, in which accountability for laws with major economic impacts rests with the Congress—the elected Representatives of the people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.053 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5559 July 28, 2015 
It rejects the way Washington has 
operated for too long, where there is no accountability because decisions are made by unelected agency officials. 
The amendment would undermine 
that fundamental accountability, so I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, to the extent that a regulation would or would not present a choice be-tween clean air and dirty air, I think we can all, in unison, conclude that we would come down in favor of clean air. 
If the choice became whether or not 
a regulation would promote clean water or dirty water, then I am sure that most Americans would agree with me that we would want a regulation that would ensure clean drinking water. 
Unfortunately, if the REINS Act 
passes, the jobs that will be created by the regulations which would enforce the requirement that air and water be clean will not come to pass. We would do without the jobs, and we would have dirty water and dirty air. 
I would submit that my colleagues on 
the other side run to the support of my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
urge my colleagues to support the un-derlying bill, which would be badly un-dermined by this amendment, which would remove from Congress the abil-ity to determine which regulations make sense and which don’t, which reg-ulations comport with the underlying law that the Congress passed and which do not. 
That is the key to this legislation, 
and it is the key to why Members should oppose this amendment. I urge them to do so. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a spe-cial rule’’. 
Page 20, insert after line 8 the following: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule 
intended to ensure the safety of natural gas or hazardous material pipelines or prevent, 
mitigate, or reduce the impact of spills from such pipelines.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 380, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment is simple and straight-forward. It would ensure that oil and gas pipeline safety rules and pipeline spill prevention or mitigation rules are not considered ‘‘major rules’’ under this bill. 
By design, the REINS Act would like-
ly delay or stop virtually all future Federal rulemaking. We could spend hours listening to some of the count-less health and safety problems that this bill would cause. I commend my colleagues for raising some of these issues in the other amendments that are being offered today and debated. 
My amendment focuses on protecting 
oil and gas pipeline safety and spill mitigation rules from the needless and costly delays imposed by this bill. These rules are particularly important to me and to my constituents in the wake of the recent oil spill in my dis-trict. 
On May 19, line 901 of the Plains All 
American pipeline ruptured just north of Santa Barbara, California; and it spewed over 100,000 gallons of crude oil onto Refugio State Beach and the sur-rounding areas. At least 20,000 gallons of the oil spilled into the Pacific Ocean 
and spread along nearly 100 miles of pristine California coastline, dev-astating local wildlife, covering our beaches in thick tar, and closing valu-able fisheries. 
One of the other tragedies of this 
spill is that it likely could have been prevented—or at least minimized—if the pipeline had been using state-of- the-art automatic shutoff and leak de-tection technologies. 
These systems are available and are 
already in use in other pipelines in the area, but this pipeline does not have these technologies because its Federal regulator—the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA—currently does not require the use of these safety systems. 
Like many communities across the 
country, the central coast of Cali-fornia, which I represent, has called for action. The good news is that Congress, on a bipartisan basis, has listened and has demanded action to improve pipe-line safety rules. 
In 2011, we came together and unani-
mously passed the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Cre-ation Act, which required PHMSA to issue 42 new pipeline safety standards; yet, 4 years later, PHMSA has yet to complete 16 of these requirements, in-cluding the rules to strengthen stand-ards on automatic shutoff and leak de-tection systems. 
This unacceptable delay has not been 
lost on this Congress. Just 2 weeks ago, we held a bipartisan hearing in the En-
ergy and Commerce Committee on the long overdue implementation of these pipeline safety standards. 
Both Republicans and Democrats 
chided PHMSA for dragging its feet be-cause we all agree that these rules are long overdue and must be completed as soon as possible. It is baffling now that, just 2 weeks after this bipartisan hearing, we find ourselves considering a bill that would delay these pipeline rules even further. 
Let’s be clear. That is exactly what 
the REINS Act would do. My amend-ment would protect these important safety standards from the added layers of bureaucracy that the REINS Act would impose. 
I hope that my colleagues will join 
me again today, as they did 2 weeks ago, in working to ensure that PHMSA is not further delayed in fulfilling its obligations. They can do this by voting for this amendment, which would sim-ply ensure oil and gas pipeline safety rules are not considered ‘‘major rules’’ under the REINS Act. It would not ex-empt these rules from the main report-ing requirements, but it would mini-mize the additional delays created by the bill. 
If this bill were to become law as 
written, PHMSA’s pipeline safety rules would not take effect until both the House and the Senate affirmatively voted to approve them, but both the House and the Senate already voted unanimously in 2011 to require PHMSA to write these rules. Going around and around in circles makes no sense. 
Mr. Chairman, supporters of this bill 
claim that the REINS Act is all about more efficient and effective govern-ment. How is it more efficient or effec-tive to require Congress to reconsider and reapprove rules that it has already voted unanimously to establish? 
The simple truth is that the REINS 
Act is not about efficient or effective government. It is a partisan gimmick that will do nothing but gum up the works and needlessly delay important health and safety rules that our con-stituents depend on. 
My amendment won’t make this a 
good bill—and I intend to oppose its final passage—but my amendment would at least help to ensure that the REINS Act does not delay oil and gas pipeline safety standards any more than they already have been. This is something which, I hope, we can all agree on; so I urge my colleagues to stop the delays and support my amend-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment seeks to carve out from the REINS Act’s reforms regulations 
that concern natural gas or hazardous materials pipeline safety or the preven-tion of oil spills and their adverse im-pacts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.056 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5560 July 28, 2015 
We all support pipeline safety and 
the prevention of harm from pipeline spills, but there is no assurance that the amendment would guarantee the achievement of those goals. 
On the contrary, the amendment 
would shield from congressional ac-countability procedures regulations that actually threaten to decrease safe-ty. They also would shield from the bill’s congressional approval require-ments new, ideologically driven regula-tions intended to impede Americans’ access to new sources of inexpensive, clean, and plentiful natural gas. 
This amendment clearly says that 
the Congress can and has voted to have pipeline accountability and safety measures regulated but that the Con-gress doesn’t care what those regula-tions are. 
The Congress does care what the reg-
ulations are, and that is why they should come back here so that the Con-gress can confirm that the regulations written comport with the legislation already passed. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, as I stat-
ed earlier, this amendment is straight-forward and common sense. 
There is broad, bipartisan agreement 
that stronger oil and gas pipeline safe-ty standards are long overdue. I hope there is similar agreement that further delaying these safety rules puts com-munities like mine in California and hundreds of communities across the country at risk. 
My amendment would simply ensure 
that these safety rules are not subject to the needless, burdensome delays cre-ated by the REINS Act. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
The REINS Act is intended to make 
sure that Federal Government regula-tions get it right—solve the problem intended to be solved by the Congress in the manner intended by the Con-gress. Supporting this amendment would defeat that purpose; so I oppose the amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to do so. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘means any 
rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. 
Page 20, after line 8, insert the following: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule 
relating to protection of the public health or safety.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Rhode Island. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment to H.R. 427 would exempt rules concerning public health or safe-ty from the onerous requirements of this legislation. 
It is simply an acknowledgment that, 
when a rule is necessary to protect public health and when it is beneficial and in the public interest, the rule be put into effect without unnecessary delay. 
If this legislation is enacted without 
this amendment, it will create a regu-latory environment that will make it nearly impossible for agencies to safe-guard the public well-being. 
For instance, the Department of 
Transportation implemented an eco-nomically significant rule for the im-plementation of positive train control systems on January 15, 2010. This safe-ty feature is designed to correct oper-ator errors and to slow or to stop a train in order to prevent train-to-train collisions and overspeed derailments. 
Investigators from the National 
Transportation Safety Board have said that this technology is necessary to prevent accidents like the derailment of an Amtrak commuter train in Phila-delphia on May 12 of 2015, which killed 7 people and injured 200 more; yet, under the REINS Act, this vital tech-nology would require a joint congres-sional resolution, with an unrealistic timeline for implementation, before being mandated, needlessly putting the lives of millions of Americans at risk who ride Amtrak every year. 
Proponents of this legislation may 
argue that H.R. 427 contains an emer-gency exemption which allows a major rule to temporarily take effect fol-lowing an executive order stating that there is an imminent threat to public health and safety. 
However, as the positive train con-
trol system rule illustrates, not every threat to the public welfare will mani-fest itself overnight, and not every agency’s rule is implemented as a reac-tion to a product recall or to a sudden tragedy. 
Even when a threat is not imminent, 
the fundamental responsibility to pro-tect the public health and well-being remains. This legislation would sub-
stantially hinder the ability of agen-cies to fulfill this obligation, placing Americans at greater risk for the ben-efit of corporate interests. 
In its present form, the Coalition for 
Sensible Safeguards—an alliance of more than 150 consumer, labor, faith, and other public interest groups—has characterized the REINS Act as ‘‘the most radical threat in generations to our government’s ability to protect the public from harm.’’ 
b1600 
Echoing this analysis, 83 of our Na-
tion’s top administrative and environ-mental law professors describe this leg-islation as ‘‘unnecessary to establish agency accountability and unwise as a matter of public policy because it un-dercuts the implementation of laws in-tended to protect people and the envi-ronment.’’ 
While my amendment will not cure 
all the flaws in this legislation, it will address one of the most glaring prob-lems and preserve the ability of agen-cies to protect public health and safe-ty. 
I ask my colleagues to support my 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment exempts from the bill any rule pertaining to health or public safety. 
Health and public safety regulation, 
done properly, serves important goals, and the bill does nothing to frustrate the effective achievement of those goals. 
But Federal health and public safety 
regulation constitutes an immense part of total Federal regulation and has been the source of many of the most abusive, unnecessarily expensive, and job- and wage-destroying regula-tions. 
To remove these areas of regulation 
from the bill would be to severely weaken the bill’s important reforms to lower the crushing cumulative cost of Federal regulation and increase the ac-countability of our regulatory system to the people. 
These include regulations such as the 
Environmental Protection Agency’s multi-billion-dollar Utility MACT reg-ulations. The Supreme Court recently invalidated those regulations, but not before the targets of the regulations had to spend multiple years’ worth of compliance costs. 
Had the REINS Act been in place, 
Congress could have refused to approve those regulations to begin with, saving billions of dollars in unnecessary cost. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I just 
would say, in conclusion, that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.058 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5561 July 28, 2015 
amendment will, in fact, strengthen 
the ability of Federal agencies to pro-tect the public health and well-being, and there are instances, as the example I just gave, where the failure to act will endanger the lives of Americans. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment to improve a badly flawed piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I op-
pose the amendment, and I urge sup-port for the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
offer an amendment as the designee of my colleague, Congresswoman S
HEILA  
JACKSON LEE, who regrettably is un-
able to be with us today. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a spe-cial rule’’. 
Page 20, insert after line 8 the following: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule 
that pertains to the safety of any products specifically designed to be used or consumed by a child under the age of 2 years (including cribs, car seats, and infant formula).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Rhode Island. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment improves H.R. 427 by ex-empting those regulations that are critical to protecting the health and safety of infants. 
More specifically, the Jackson Lee 
amendment provides a special rule per-taining to the safety of any product specifically designed to be used or con-sumed by a child under the age of 2 years, which includes cribs, car seats, and infant formula. 
As a member of the House Judiciary 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, I am very concerned about the REINS Act and the complications and delays to the rulemaking process it would create regarding regulations that would pro-tect the health and safety of children. This legislation would amend the 
Congressional Review Act to prohibit a major rule from going into effect un-less Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval within 70 legislative days. Otherwise, the rule does not go into ef-fect. 
Effectively, no regulations will ever 
be enacted because it is extremely dif-ficult, if not impossible, to move any proposed legislation through Congress within 70 days. 
Moreover, subjecting agencies to ad-
ditional reporting requirements and congressional review, as mandated by H.R. 427, would not only be wasteful, it could be damaging or even deadly, es-pecially when it comes to regulations designed to protect children and in-fants. 
For example, much like the version 
of the bill that we debated in previous 
sessions, the REINS Act would delay product safety rules affecting family products like toys, cribs, and children’s clothing. 
In particular, restrictions put forth 
in H.R. 427 could result in further delay to agencies attempting to take action to protect children as it relates to harmful and deadly products, such as safety caps on medicine, flammable clothing, and tipping furniture, just to name a few. 
Notably, the U.S. Consumer Product 
Safety Commission reports that a child dies every 2 weeks from furniture or TVs tipping over, and injuries from falling furniture occur every 24 min-utes. 
We cannot afford to put the lives and 
safety of infants, toddlers, and children at risk while Congress entangles any real possibility for immediate and pre-ventive action. 
The REINS Act is strongly opposed 
by many individuals and organizations all across the country, including oppo-sition by more than 450,000 members and supporters of the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientist, as well as 83 aca-demics in the field of administrative and environmental law, and an alliance of more than 150 consumer, labor, re-search, faith, and other public interest groups representing the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards. 
We should not hinder the democratic 
process and stymie regulatory agen-cies’ ability to protect the safety and security of the American people, espe-cially infants. 
At a minimum, regulations promul-
gated to protect the safety of infants and children should not be subjected to the strictures of H.R. 47. 
The Jackson Lee amendment pro-
tects children and infants. I urge all Members to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment seeks to carve out from the REINS Act’s reforms regulations 
intended to protect young children and infants from harm. 
Child safety is a goal all Members 
share, but to shield bureaucrats who write child safety regulations from ac-countability to Congress is no way to guarantee child safety. 
The only thing that that would guar-
antee is less careful decisionmaking and more insulation of faceless bureau-crats from the public. 
Congress needs a better mechanism 
to make sure that Washington bureau-crats make the right decision to pro-tect child safety when we delegate leg-islative authority to regulatory agen-cies. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
bad amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, no one is 
attempting to shield bureaucrats from anything. This amendment is designed to shield infants, to protect children. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the 
elected Representatives of the people are the best ones to be held account-able for the laws and regulations passed and adopted in this country, in-cluding those that protect children. 
This would turn back to a situation 
where unelected bureaucrats can take whatever time they want to, write whatever regulation they want to, and then that would take effect without the Congress having to have the ability to say, yes, that truly will protect chil-dren or, no, that will not protect chil-dren. 
We should have that responsibility. 
That is something that the American people expect from their elected rep-resentatives. For that reason, I oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
The Chair understands that amend-
ment No. 8 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.061 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5562 July 28, 2015 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a spe-cial rule’’. 
Page 20, insert after line 8 the following: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule 
pertaining to nuclear reactor safety stand-ards.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This amendment would exempt any 
rule pertaining to nuclear reactor safe-ty standards from the new onerous ap-proval process created by the bill. 
In other words, my amendment 
would allow the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the NRC, to continue to issue rules under the current system, thereby making it easier to protect Americans from nuclear disaster. 
Today’s bill, in the name of so-called 
reform, adds new procedural hoops that agencies and departments must go through before regulation can be issued, including requiring a joint reso-lution of approval for every major rule. 
The result is simply to impede, ob-
struct, and delay the attempt of gov-ernment to accomplish one of its most basic functions: to protect the health and welfare of its citizens. 
Not surprisingly, groups who care 
about protecting public health, safety, and environment, such as the Natural Resources Defense Council, Public Cit-izen, and the Union of Concerned Sci-entists, oppose this bill. 
According to the Coalition for Sen-
sible Safeguards, which represents a coalition of many such groups, this bill ‘‘is nothing more than a back-door way to gut enforcement of existing legisla-tion and future safeguards that big- money interests do not want. It would force Congress to refight its previous debates, wasting time and money, and paralyzing vital agency work.’’ 
Americans should rightfully be 
scared that this bill will put their health and safety at risk. One example that highlights this fact is the subject of this amendment: nuclear power. 
The risks and dangers of nuclear 
power were made all the more real by the nuclear disaster in Japan at Fukushima 4 years ago. We all watched in horror when that country was dev-astated by the earthquake and result-ing tsunami. 
That disaster then caused its own 
disaster: the meltdown of three reac-
tors at the Fukushima nuclear power plant. 
That led to the release of radioactive 
isotopes, the creation of a 20-kilometer exclusion zone around the power plant, and the displacement of 156,000 people. Inside the evacuation zone all farming has been abandoned. 
In 2011, Virginia was struck by a rel-
atively rare, but strong, earthquake, felt up and down the eastern seaboard. It caused a nuclear power plant near the epicenter to have to go offline. For me, this concern hits close to 
home. A nuclear power plant, Indian Point, about which many people have had concerns for years, lies just less than 40 miles away from my New York City district. 
There are 20 million people living 
within a 50-mile radius around the plant, the same radius used by the NRC as the basis for the evacuation zone recommended after the Fukushima dis-aster. 
Indian Point also sits near two earth-
quake fault lines and, according to the NRC, is the most likely nuclear power plant in the country to experience core damage because of an earthquake. 
To keep my constituents and, indeed, 
all Americans safe, I am offering this amendment today. 
Because of the catastrophes that can 
result from disasters, be they natural or manmade, at nuclear power plants, prevention of meltdowns is the key. 
Since Fukushima, the NRC has 
issued new rules designed to upgrade power plants to withstand severe events like earthquakes and to have enough backup power so as to avoid a meltdown for a significant length of time. 
The NRC must have the ability and 
flexibility to issue new regulations to safeguard the health and well-being of all Americans. 
However, H.R. 427 is intentionally de-
signed so new and vital regulations will likely never be put in place. We cannot permit the NRC to never be able to cre-ate new regulations. 
Therefore, I urge you to support the 
Nadler amendment to exempt the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission from the onerous new requirements for rule-making imposed by this bill. In that way, the NRC would have the ability to safeguard public health and safety, as it should. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment carves out of the REINS Act congressional approval procedures all regulations that pertain to nuclear reactor safety standards. 
REINS Act supporters believe in nu-
clear safety. We want to guarantee that regulatory decisions that pertain to nuclear reactor safety are the best decisions that can be made, but that is precisely why I oppose the amendment. 
By its terms, the amendment shields 
from the REINS Act congressional ap-proval procedures not only major regu-lations that would raise nuclear reac-tor safety standards, but, also, regula-tions that would lower them. 
All major regulations pertaining to 
nuclear reactor safety standards, whether they raise or lower standards, should fall within the REINS Act. 
That way, agencies with authority 
over nuclear reactor safety will know that Congress must approve their major regulations before they go into 
effect. 
That provides a powerful incentive 
for the agencies to write the best pos-sible regulations, ones that Congress can easily approve. 
It is a solution that everyone should 
support because it makes Congress more accountable and ensures agencies will write better rules. All Americans will be safer for it. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, how much 
time do I have? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New York has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining, and the gentleman from Vir-ginia has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, this bill 
prohibits any major regulation from going into effect unless both the House and Senate pass and the President signs a joint resolution of approval within 70 legislative days. 
If the President and the Congress fail 
to approve the regulation within the timeframe, it cannot take effect and a subsequent joint resolution for the same regulation cannot be considered for the remainder of the Congress. 
Because of the unrealistic approval 
deadlines and the requirement that both Houses approve each and every major rule, as well as the President, this bill would effectively prevent the promulgation of many critical protec-tions that ensure Americans’ health, safety, and economic well-being. 
The proponents say they support reg-
ulation when it makes sense. But this is a vast government. It is a vast econ-omy. It is a vast socioeconomic sys-tem. 
To demand that Congress pass in 
both Houses within 70 days and the President sign a resolution of approval for every one of the thousands of regu-lations means most will never be con-sidered. 
b1615 
That is why this amendment, to say 
that at least where people’s lives are at stake in large numbers, where safety regulations to prevent nuclear disas-ters or to mitigate their effects are in question, that it not be subject to the same restrictive requirements that this rule would put into place, which would say that most regulations would never get adequately considered. 
In closing, I want to say that this 
amendment is absolutely necessary if we want to make sure that the next time there is an earthquake, God for-bid, or some other disaster, or even just a power failure, that a nuclear re-actor doesn’t have a terrible situation, that we don’t get a nuclear meltdown, and that if we do, regulations are in place to safeguard people’s lives and health. 
I think if we are going to pass this 
terrible bill, the least we can do is ex-empt nuclear safety from it. I urge all Members to support the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.019 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5563 July 28, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, in 
closing, the facts speak for themselves. During the course of the Obama admin-istration, which I think most people would agree has been very aggressive at imposing new regulations upon our economy and on our society—it has averaged 81 a year, not thousands, but 81 per year. 
I think many of us would agree that 
some of those regulations impose bur-dens that were not intended by the un-derlying legislation upon which those regulations are based, and therefore this is a very manageable way to make sure that regulations don’t kill jobs and crush our economy. For that rea-son, I oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a spe-cial rule’’. 
Page 20, insert after line 8 the following: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule 
that ensures the availability of affordable medication and effective healthcare manage-ment for veterans.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, on behalf 
of myself and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), my colleague, I 
rise today to offer an amendment to prevent a spike in the copays that vet-erans pay for prescription drugs as a result of this misguided bill. 
Every year, the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs publishes a rule to ensure that veterans enrolled in the VA health program don’t see as much as a 37.5 percent increase in their prescription drug copays. In this bill, the REINS Act, if it were signed into law, it would be very difficult, and perhaps impos-sible, for the VA to publish this rule-making before January 1, 2016. 
Let’s face it, Congress doesn’t ex-
actly have a great track record on act-ing fast. I used to say, when I was in 
the Wisconsin Legislature, sometimes things move like a tortoise. In Con-gress, I explain they move more like an upside-down tortoise. 
Under this bill, copayments for ap-
proximately 2.4 million veterans would increase significantly, causing eco-nomic hardship and health risks for many veterans struggling to make ends meet. 
If this bill were to become law, vet-
erans with a service-connected dis-ability rating greater than 50 percent would see their prescription drug copays increase more than 11 times what they were paying last year. Vet-erans who are former prisoners of war or awarded a Purple Heart would see their copays go up nearly 38 percent. Veterans, who have been hit hardest economically after serving their coun-try, would see their rates spike 22 per-cent. 
We must ensure that those who 
bravely have served our country don’t see Congress take money out of their pockets just to score political points. At this time, when we still have many veterans struggling to find a job, it is 
irresponsible for Congress to make it more difficult for the men and women who have served our country to pay more for the health care they deserve. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment carves out of the REINS Act’s congressional approval procedures all regulations from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs that con-cern the availability of affordable medication and effective healthcare management for veterans. 
Affordable medication and effective 
healthcare management for veterans are goals every Member of Congress can support, but every Member of Con-gress also knows the Department of Veterans Affairs’ appalling recent in-competence and negligence in admin-istering its programs. Rather than di-minish the Department’s account-ability to Congress for regulatory deci-sions concerning veterans’ health care, we should increase the Department’s accountability. That is precisely what the REINS Act does. 
Under the legislation, the Depart-
ment will know that Congress must ap-prove its major regulations concerning affordable medication and effective healthcare management before they go into effect. That provides a powerful incentive for the Department to write the best possible regulations, ones that Congress can easily approve. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time is remaining on both sides? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Wisconsin has 3 minutes remain-ing. The gentleman from Virginia has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I agree 
with much of what the gentleman has said. The only problem is, as much as we have had some problems in the VA—and we need to take actions, and we are, including in Wisconsin where we have had an action that, in a bipar-tisan way, we have been working to-gether on—the only thing worse could be the performance of Congress. 
There is a reason why the public cur-
rently rates cockroaches, head lice, traffic jams, zombies, and even the band Nickelback higher than Congress. Clearly, we do not have a performance record that shows if we pass this bill we can absolutely guarantee that a veteran won’t be paying more, a spike as much as 38 percent, or 11 times what they are currently paying. 
I am not going to bet on Congress, 
and I am guessing the American public won’t bet on Congress, but we have the ability with this amendment to at least say we are going to make sure those who have served our country won’t pay more for their prescription drugs if we don’t get our work done, be-cause they have seen that all too often. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, 
what this amendment says is, because the Department of Veterans Affairs is doing a remarkably bad job of pro-viding timely health care to citizens, we should carve out that Department’s responsibility for providing medica-tions and timely health care and ex-empt it from the accountability that Congress, the elected representatives of the people, who are very responsive to the needs of veterans, would impose. 
With the REINS Act, Congress could 
instruct, with the passage of legisla-tion to help veterans, and say, ‘‘You must report back regulations within a certain time period,’’ which the Con-gress could then act upon in a timely fashion, assuring themselves that not only have the regulations been done quickly, but also that they are going to address the problems in an effective way that we have all identified with what is going on in the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment which will simply preserve the bad system we have now for help-ing our veterans through a Department of Veterans Affairs that is unaccount-able. We should, instead, make them more accountable by passing the REINS Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.067 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5564 July 28, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. Y ODER , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect un-less a joint resolution of approval is en-acted into law, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the chair. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 25 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1655 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 4 o’clock and 
55 minutes p.m. 
f 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECU-
TIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 380 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 427. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) kindly take the 
chair. 
b1656 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with Mr. W
ESTMORELAND  
(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole House rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–230 offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) 
had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair. Pursuant to clause 
6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed 
in part B of House Report 114–230 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. Y
OUNG of 
Iowa. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri. 
Amendment No. 4 by Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia. 
Amendment No. 5 by Mrs. C APPS of 
California. 
Amendment No. 6 by Mr. C ICILLINE of 
Rhode Island. 
Amendment No. 7 by Mr. C ICILLINE of 
Rhode Island. 
Amendment No. 9 by Mr. N ADLER of 
New York. 
Amendment No. 10 by Mr. P OCAN of 
Wisconsin. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 250, noes 159, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 473] 
AYES—250 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—159 
Adams 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.070 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5565 July 28, 2015 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—24 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Meeks 
Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
b1727 
Messrs. CICILLINE, CARSON of Indi-
ana, COURTNEY, COSTA, and Ms. KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. BRADY of Texas and 
MESSER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. CREN-
SHAW was allowed to speak out of order.) 
14TH ANNUAL FIRST TEE CONGRESSIONAL  
CHALLENGE  
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to take this opportunity to update my colleagues on a competition that takes place each year between House Democrats and House Repub-licans. It is called The First Tee Con-gressional Challenge. 
It is a golf match that is patterned 
after the Ryder Cup golf matches that you watch on television from time to time. It is sponsored by Roll Call. The winner of the event each year is enti-tled to keep for a year what has been known as the coveted Roll Call Cup. I want to announce to the Members that, this year, the Republican team won the competition, so we will keep the cup. This is the fourth year in a row that the Republicans have won the coveted cup. 
Let me just say ‘‘thank you’’ to all of 
my teammates. I would like to con-gratulate my teammates for their fine work and fine play. I would like to con-gratulate the Democrats for their sportsmanship. We had a couple of rookies who played well. It is a spirited competition, Mr. Chairman. It is a chance for individuals to meet some folks across the aisle and to build friendships. 
It is made more meaningful by the 
fact that the money that is raised each year goes to an organization called The First Tee. It is a group that is active in all 50 of our States, and it has touched the lives of over 10,000 young people. It uses the game of golf to teach values such as hard work, honesty, and integ-rity. It is a wonderful organization. Over the years, we have raised over $2 million for The First Tee, so that makes it even more meaningful. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), 
my counterpart and the captain of the Democratic team. 
Mr. YARMUTH. I thank my friend, 
and I congratulate him and the Repub-lican team on a well-earned victory. 
Mr. Chairman, as I have said many 
times in the last few years, elections have consequences. After we lost the majority, we also lost some of our ad-
vantage in terms of talented golfers. We need to do a better job of either electing good golfers or of recruiting some of the better ones we have. 
The Republicans have a terrific team 
that is made up of truly honorable and wonderful people; and I think we all, on both sides of the aisle, get a great deal of enjoyment from this competition. We have made friends; and as Mr. C
RENSHAW said, we have succeeded in 
raising an awful lot of money for a very, very good cause. 
I thank the Republicans for a great 
competition, and I thank my team-mates for their efforts, but they need to be practicing for the next year a lit-tle more. I also want to thank the sponsors who actually contributed to this event and made the fundraising possible. 
We won 6 years in a row, and the Re-
publicans have now won 4 years in a row. It is interesting how the streaks come along with the majority, so we will give it another try next year. 
Once again, congratulations to the 
Republicans. Even more importantly, congratulations to The First Tee for the work that they do. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia). Without objection, 2-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 167, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 474] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.021 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5566 July 28, 2015 
Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—24 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Cramer Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al 
Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Meeks 
Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1736 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 163, noes 246, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 475] 
AYES—163 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—24 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Meeks Moore 
Mullin Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1740 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chair, during rollcall 
vote No. 475 on H.R. 427, I mistakenly re-corded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 166, noes 244, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 476] 
AYES—166 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.022 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5567 July 28, 2015 
Graham 
Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—23 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Meeks Moore 
Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1744 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 166, noes 242, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 477] 
AYES—166 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. Duckworth 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.025 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5568 July 28, 2015 
Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bass Blackburn Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cole Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) 
Green, Al Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Meeks Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1748 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 243, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 478] 
AYES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—23 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Meeks Moore 
Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1752 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 241, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 479] 
AYES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.026 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5569 July 28, 2015 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bass 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Huelskamp Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Meeks Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1755 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 239, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 480] 
AYES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.027 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5570 July 28, 2015 
Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—27 
Ashford Bass Bridenstine Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al 
Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Meeks 
Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1759 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the exec-utive branch shall have no force or ef-fect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law, and, pursu-ant to House Resolution 380, he re-ported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Com-mittee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Nolan moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
427 to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amend-ments: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 6. PROTECTING GUARANTEED SOCIAL SECU-
RITY AND MEDICARE. 
The exemption from treatment as major 
rules for certain classes of such rules (known as ‘‘special rules’’, as such term is defined 
under section 804(6) of title 5, United States Code) is intended to protect rules that pro-tect Social Security and Medicare benefits for seniors. 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘means any 
rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. 
Page 20, insert after line 8 the following: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule 
that would— 
‘‘(A) protect Social Security’s earned bene-
fits, and prevent cuts, including those caused by an increase in the retirement age; or 
‘‘(B) protect Medicare’s guaranteed bene-
fits, and prevent cuts, including those caused by a voucher system that forces beneficiaries to purchase health care in the private sec-tor.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, Members 
of the House, my amendment would see to it that nothing in this legislation does any harm to Social Security or Medicare. Why? It is because, first of all, they are not entitlements; they are earned benefits that people started paying for the first day, the first hour that they ever went to work. 
Our seniors rely on their Social Secu-
rity and Medicare. Nothing has done more to lift more people out of poverty and give them health and life expect-ancy than Social Security and Medi-care. 
Mr. Speaker, the underlying legisla-
tion that we are looking at here pro-poses to provide relief, but in fact, it proposes to emasculate and do away with the regulatory process and, in the process, do great harm and great dam-age to the things, the many things that have made this country the great Na-tion that it is. 
I have got to tell you, as I look 
around this room here and the age of this Congress, make no mistake about it; many of you were there when I was there, when our rivers were running sewers, when our lakes were catching on fire, when our coal miners and boat workers were dying young in life from fiberglass lungs and coal dust in their lungs. 
I spent time in the sawmills; I owned 
one. You couldn’t find anyone that could count to 5 on their hands because they were either missing fingers, hands, arms, or legs or had lost their lives for want of a little ventilation, for want of a safety switch or a guard of some sort. 
The simple truth is that these laws, 
these regulations turned all that around. That is right; they turned all that around. Guess what. They doubled our life expectancy—maybe one of the greatest accomplishments of all time. We went from our grandparents, where life expectancy was 47, to darn near 80—what an incredible accomplish-ment. 
Now, the question is: Do we want to 
protect that progress? I hope so. Do we? Do we want to pay it forward? Or do we want to turn it back? I should 
hope not. 
Do we really want to paralyze these 
laws and do away with the rules and regulations that gave us clean water that we can drink and clean air that we can breathe without getting sick? I should hope not. Is that really what we want to do? 
Do we want to do away with the 
healthy, safe working conditions that extended life for people who worked hard to build a life for themselves and their families? Is that what we really want to do? Do we want to do away with food safety that protected us from the drugs and the chemicals that ended our lives prematurely? Is that what we want to do? I should hope not. No. No. 
Do we want to do away with the Wall 
Street regulations, the billionaires who play so fast and loose with other peo-ple’s money? Well, we sure as heck don’t want to turn Social Security and Medicare over to them, do we? Imagine what they would do with Social Secu-rity and Medicare. It is devastating, and it is frightening. 
Mr. Speaker, my amendment pro-
tects both. That is the least we can do. My amendment protects Social Secu-rity; it protects Medicare, and that is the least that we can do for a genera-tion that gave us so much. 
Last, but not least, had it not been 
for these regulations, had it not been for Social Security and Medicare, half of us wouldn’t be here—that is right— because we increased the life expect-ancy from 47 to 80, so show some grati-tude. Show some being grateful. Let’s protect Social Security and Medicare. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on 
the floor of this House in 2011, the President of the United States prom-ised the American people to reduce barriers to growth and investment: ‘‘When we find rules that put an unnec-essary burden on businesses, we will fix them.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, those were just the 
President’s words. His actions have been starkly different. Throughout the entire 6-plus years of the President’s administration, a flood of new major regulations has been burying America’s job creators and households at record levels. 
To make matters worse, when Con-
gress declines to legislate the Presi-dent’s misguided policies for him, he takes his pen and his cell phone, and he increasingly resorts to unilateral regu-latory actions to legislate by executive fiat. 
The REINS Act, in one fell swoop, 
puts a stop to that and ensures that Congress, the body which the Constitu-tion assigns the power to legislate, will possess an additional check on the most significant legislative decisions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.029 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5571 July 28, 2015 
imposed on the American people 
through regulation. 
The motion to recommit seeks only 
to distract from the urgent needs to re-form our regulatory system and reduce unnecessary burdens on the public. I think Americans are tired of the other party telling them that their bureau-crats know better than their own elect-ed officials. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, reject this motion to recommit, and show America that Congress can act for the good of American job cre-ators and Americans who desperately want and need jobs. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 241, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 481] 
AYES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bass Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) 
Cleaver Conyers Engel 
Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al 
Hoyer Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin 
Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Meeks Moore Rangel 
Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1817 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 243, noes 165, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 482] 
AYES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.088 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5572 July 28, 2015 
Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—165 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bass Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Lynch 
Meeks Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1824 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing the vote on H.R. 427 I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Ala-bama. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on final passage. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today I missed the following votes: Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. H. Res. 380, Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this resolution. H.R. 675, the Veterans’ Compensation Cost- of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Young (IA) Amendment to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this 
amendment. Smith (MO) Amendment to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Johnson (GA) Amendment to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Capps Amendment to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Cicilline Amendment #1 to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Cicilline/Jackson Lee Amendment #2 to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Nadler Amendment to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Pocan/Moore Amendment to H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Motion to Re-commit H.R. 427. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the motion. H.R 427, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
was absent today to attend the funeral serv-ices for U.S. Navy Petty Officer Second Class Randall Smith. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 470, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on rollcall No. 471, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on rollcall No. 472, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on rollcall No. 473, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on rollcall No. 474, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on rollcall No. 475, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 476, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 477, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 478, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 479, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 480, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 481, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ and on roll-call No. 482 (Passage of the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act), I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-
TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 387 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
(1) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— 
Mr. Clay. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF OFFICIAL OB-
JECTORS FOR PRIVATE CAL-ENDAR FOR 114TH CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On be-
half of the majority and minority lead-erships, the Chair announces that the official objectors for the Private Cal-endar for the 114th Congress are as fol-lows: 
For the majority: Mr. G
OODLATTE , Virginia 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Wisconsin 
Mr. G OWDY , South Carolina 
For the minority: Mr. S
ERRANO , New York 
Mr. N ADLER , New York 
Ms. B ASS, California 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HUNTINGDON 
COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, FAIR 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, in 1831, a tradition was started in Huntingdon County, Penn-sylvania, which would go on to become a staple of the summertime agriculture expos. 
This August 9, the Huntingdon Coun-
ty Fair is celebrating its 125th fair, lo-cated at their 69-acre site, which has evolved over the decades to boast hun-dreds of agricultural exhibits. Ranging from equine shows to wine tasting, the Huntingdon County Fair provides areas of interest for almost everyone. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the 
House Committee on Agriculture, I am proud to rise today to congratulate the people of Huntingdon County and those countless volunteers and community members who have made this time- honored event a Pennsylvania tradi-tion, including the parents and friends of 4–H, FAA youth members, and the Huntingdon County Agricultural Asso-ciation. 
Here’s to wishing them 125 more suc-
cessful fairs for the next generation and generations to come. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE 
AND MEDICAID PROGRAMS 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.033 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5573 July 28, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to highlight the 50th anniversary of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Since 1965, these landmark programs have provided af-fordable health insurance coverage and access to care for our Nation’s seniors and most vulnerable populations. Few programs have improved the lives of Americans as significantly as Medicaid and Medicare. 
Fifty years ago, almost half of elder-
ly Americans lacked health insurance. Today, Medicare provides lifesaving in-surance to nearly 100 percent of adults over 65. 
Medicaid continues to be a lifeline 
for millions of children, pregnant women, people with disabilities, sen-iors, and low-income families. Over 70 million Americans currently rely on Medicaid for affordable health insur-ance. Medicaid covers more than one in three children, pays for nearly half of all births, and accounts for more than 40 percent of all long-term care. 
On the anniversary of this historic 
law, we celebrate the successes of Med-icaid and Medicare. We must renew our commitment to further strengthening them so they remain available in per-petuity for generations to come. 
f 
b1830 
RECOGNIZING JEWISH COMMUNITY 
SERVICES OF SOUTH FLORIDA 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Jewish Commu-nity Services of South Florida and its upcoming annual Milk & Honey event, which will take place on August 30 and starts at the Greater Miami Jewish Federation. 
This tremendous, faith-based, non-
profit organization has worked to im-prove the lives of South Florida resi-dents since 1920. It is one of our State’s largest and most reliable social service organizations. 
Among the many important services 
that the JCS of South Florida provides are those focused on supporting our el-derly. This year’s Milk & Honey event will, again, bring together hundreds of volunteers to assemble food baskets and hurricane preparedness kits for vulnerable South Florida seniors. 
My community liaison, Harriet Car-
ter, and I have participated in many events of the JCS of South Florida, and I thank all the volunteers who will make this year’s Milk & Honey event a smashing success. 
f 
SUPPORTING DRAFT LEGISLATION 
CONCERNING THE VA BUDGET AND CHOICE FUNDING 
(Ms. BROWN of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
yesterday, I participated in laying a wreath at the Arlington Cemetery to honor our fallen veterans and military members. 
Today, we need to do more than a 
ceremony. We need to honor our vet-erans now by passing the VA budget legislation. 
I support this draft legislation be-
cause it addresses the $3 billion short-fall for fiscal year 2015 that veterans had, and it keeps hospital and medical facilities open for our veterans through the end of the fiscal year. 
This legislation allows the VA to use 
the dollars for health care provided to veterans and family members under the program provided by the non-VA provision. This bill allows VA to access this money. In addition, $500 million may be used for pharmaceutical ex-penses related to the treatment of hep-atitis C at the VA. 
This is a cure many of the veterans 
need, especially those who served in Vietnam; and I urge my colleagues to pass this legislation before we go home. 
As the Army says, this is one team, 
one fight; and we need to look out for the VA and veterans. 
f 
SUPPORT MONTANA JOBS 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of Montana jobs and to rally against this administration’s war on American coal. 
In Montana, coal means good-paying 
jobs. Those are blue collar, union jobs. Coal means economic opportunity. Coal means affordable utilities for fam-ilies and manufacturers, and coal means Montana. 
In the words of Crow Chairman Old 
Coyote: 
For the Crow people, there are no jobs that 
compare to the coal job. The wages and bene-fits exceed anything else that is available. A war on coal is a war on the Crow people. 
Montana could lead the Nation in 
coal production; but, unfortunately, President Obama and his EPA are wag-ing a more aggressive war on coal than they are against ISIS. 
Montana alone, and our coal, pro-
duces $1.7 billion in royalty payments; and that pays for schools, bridges, and our infrastructure. 
The EPA’s Clean Power Plan will kill 
Montana jobs. Those are real jobs, like in the Rosebud mine in Colstrip, and across our State. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
support Montana and support our Na-tion’s energy independence through coal. 
f 
RENEW VOTING RIGHTS ACT 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, nearly 50 
years after the Voting Rights Act was signed into law, we still see efforts to 
weaken voter protections and suppress votes. 
Discriminatory voting laws, such as 
strict photo ID requirements and re-duced early voting, disproportionately impact minority voters in the name of preventing widespread voter fraud, a problem that simply does not exist. 
Clearly, since the Supreme Court’s 
decision 2 years ago to erode some of the VRA’s most critical protections, including preclearance requirements that protect against disenfranchising laws, the Voting Rights Act is still needed more now than ever before; yet Republicans have refused to allow a re-newed and strengthened Voting Rights Act to come to the floor. 
This should concern everyone who 
believes the right to vote is one of the most fundamental to our democracy. It is time we renew and strengthen the Voting Rights Act. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS MODERN- 
DAY SLAVERY 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
because it is past time we call human trafficking what it really is: modern- day slavery. 
Every year, up to 300,000 children are 
at risk of being sex-trafficked here in our country. On average, these children are first sold into sex slavery before their 13th birthday. As a father, I can’t fathom anything more disgusting. 
Earlier this year, I supported legisla-
tion that we successfully passed aimed at stopping sex trafficking, but the fight is far from over. Human traf-ficking generates $9.5 billion worldwide each and every year, and the criminals that profit off of sex trafficking aren’t going to give in that easily. 
For example, right now in my dis-
trict, backpage.com, a disgusting Web site that facilitates online sex traf-ficking, is suing Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart because he stood up to the evil and corrupt people who profit off of the exploitation of minors. 
It is our collective obligation to do 
everything that we can to put a defini-tive end to this atrocity. I commend Sheriff Dart for standing up for what is right, and I pledge to work with my colleagues here in this House, on both sides of the aisle, to stop this abhor-rent crime. 
f 
A SURVIVOR’S STORY 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
Amanda Jones was kidnapped in Dal-las, Texas. She was 15 years of age, and then she was sold for sex at the hands of human traffickers. 
Children right here in the United 
States are bought and sold for sexual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.094 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5574 July 28, 2015 
exploitation in urban, suburban, and 
rural areas. Their souls are stolen from them, and no community is immune. 
Amanda was in slavery for 9 years. 
She eventually escaped with her daugh-ter and, thankfully, found services through a new wonderful organization in Dallas, New Friends New Life. New Friends New Life is primarily funded by Dallas donors, and it provides serv-ices to victims to address their unique needs. It helps them rebuild their lives. 
Amanda now helps other trafficked 
victims become survivors instead of victims. We need more programs like this one, where survivors help each other. 
Now, through funding in the Justice 
for Victims of Trafficking Act, more services will be available to victims like Amanda. We can stop traffickers in their tracks because our children are not for sale, in our town, in our State, or in our country. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
THANK YOU AND BEST WISHES TO 
MARK WELLMAN 
(Mr. CHABOT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to take a moment this evening to offer my appreciation and sincere best wishes to Mark Wellman, my chief of staff for the last 4 years, who is leaving us at the end of this week to accept an appointment as a professor of constitu-tional law at the United States Mili-tary Academy at West Point. 
Mark has superbly served as a con-
gressional staffer for more than two decades—first, with our late colleague, Congressman Paul Gillmor of Ohio; and then, following an earlier tour at West Point, in my office. 
During all of those years, he has 
served with distinction in the National Guard, including a tour in Iraq, and has risen to the rank of colonel. 
He is an outstanding individual, a 
gentleman of the first order, the world’s most loyal Chicago Cubs fan, and a great American. He will be truly missed. 
Good luck, Mark, and God bless you. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SEVERAL UNSUNG 
HEROES IN THE FOURTH CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
(Mr. RATCLIFFE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
come to the floor to recognize several unsung heroes in the Fourth Congres-sional District of Texas. 
Several counties in my district are 
just now beginning to recover from re-cent flooding at historic levels, so I ap-preciate the opportunity to thank all the sheriff and fire departments in communities across our district in Grayson, Fannin, Lamar, Red River, Bowie, Hopkins, Delta, and Cass Coun-
ties. 
Emergency coordinators like C.J. 
Durbin-Higgins, Joyce and Steven Molder, and Robert Flowers in Grayson County; and Jim Roberts, Deborah Lann, and James Carlow in Bowie County, as well as so many others, are deserving of our gratitude. 
While our first responders’ efforts 
have been vital and, in some cases, he-roic, many folks back home are still suffering. Mr. Speaker, I want my con-stituents to know that they can still reach out to my office if they need any assistance or help with any issues re-lated to flooding. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HON-
ORABLE TOM M CCLINTOCK, MEM-
BER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable T
OM 
MCCLINTOCK , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 28, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally pursuant to rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a non-party subpoena, issued by the Madera County Superior Court, Madera County, California, for documents in a civil case. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the precedents and privileges of the House. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMMCCLINTOCK . 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
JULY28, 2015 . 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 
202(a) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146) I am pleased to appoint the following in-dividual to the Commission on Care: 
Mr. Michael Blecker of San Francisco, 
California 
Thank you for your consideration of this 
appointment. 
Best regards, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
f 
THE IMPACTS OF COAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, before 
I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topics of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from West Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, to-
night, we want to talk about these three subjects as it relates to coal. You 
have already heard recent remarks made a few minutes ago about the war on coal, but we want to talk about the impacts of coal, the regulations, and the Clean Power Plan. That is what we are going to be talking about tonight are these three primary subjects. 
I want to put things in perspective. 
We want to talk about how does this coal industry—you hear us, many of us that come from coal country, we have been fighting about coal, fighting for coal—why do we do that? 
Look at the impact. For those of you 
that aren’t coming from a coal commu-nity, now, we mine coal in 27 States, but just look at this, the impact, what it has—between coal mining at $58 bil-lion a year and then the generation of power from coal totals $142 billion. 
Now, maybe that doesn’t mean a lot 
to a lot, but $142 billion, put that in context with the automobile industry. All of us are familiar with cars. We all hear the commercials on television. We know about the discussion about how you have got to have the latest car. 
This is bigger than the car industry. 
The automobile industry is $130 billion. That is why many of us, all across this country, are concerned about this fu-ture of the coal industry. It is larger than the automobile industry. I want you to understand that. Everyone should make sure they grasp the im-pact of that. 
This war on coal that many of us 
have been talking about for some time, I want to make sure that people under-stand how it affects us individually and affects a State like West Virginia. 
b1845 
Just 7 years ago the unemployment 
rate in West Virginia was the seventh best in the country. But after 7 years of a war on coal, after regulation after regulation after regulation, West Vir-ginia’s unemployment rate now has dropped and we are in the last place in the Nation. 
Think about that impact for all of us. 
You go from number 7 to 50th in just 7 years. Combine that with the families of our coal miners. Just in the past 3 years, 45 percent of the coal miners in West Virginia have lost their jobs, 45 percent. These are people. These are real people. They are not statistics. 
The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
S
HIMKUS ) uses this chart. He has shown 
us over the years—my 5 years in Con-gress—he showed us that these are the people we are talking about all over this country who are losing their jobs. 
But in West Virginia, 45 percent of 
them have lost—in the coalfields of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.096 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5575 July 28, 2015 
West Virginia, the unemployment rate 
is staggering, and that hasn’t stopped the administration. 
We are talking about unemployment 
rates in counties two and three times the rate of the national figures: 13.5 percent, 13 percent, 12 percent, 10 per-cent. That is tough for a family, a com-munity, a State, all to be able to sur-vive. 
We keep talking about mines shut-
ting down. I want people to under-stand, when you shut down coal mines, you really affect a community. These people all have families. When these men lose their jobs, it affects other people. 
The administration and the EPA can 
shut down our coal mining industry. Yes, they can. They are doing a pretty good job of it, if that was their intent, was to shut down and for people to lose their jobs. 
But think about it. When these men 
lose their jobs, it is not just the coal miners who are losing their jobs. It is the other individuals in the commu-nity. 
We are talking about the railroad 
workers, the barge operators, the trucking industry, all that come to pick up the coal at the mine to take it to the power plant. 
The machinists, the concrete sup-
pliers, the people that put the conveyor belts in, and the building that we have to do with it, all of them lose their jobs. The timber industry. 
Then go outside and talk to the 
school board when the school boards are struggling to make ends meet be-cause so many of their employers are gone and their tax base is eroded with it. But, also, go to the grocery store and find out that is the impact. Gro-cery stores, pharmacies, restaurants, apartment buildings. 
We have got a map that shows, again, 
the impact of this as we get into this. We have got several speakers here to-night to talk more about it. 
This is a location of all the power 
plants across America. There are over 500 coal-fired plants operating today around this country. 
But just in the last month the Sierra 
Club, Bloomberg, Earthjustice, and all have been touting the fact that they want by the year 2017 to take one-third of those red dots off the map. 
Almost a third of our capacity to 
generate electricity can be gone be-cause of the rules and the way some of the environmental groups are pursuing this. One-third of them. 
Now, in terms of grid reliability with 
this, you have to deal with what they have talked about. If we continue to shut down coal-fired power plants and don’t replace them, whether that is with wind, solar, or gas, our grid reli-ability is going to be in question. 
How many times are we going to lose 
our power? FERC has already said that, if we don’t do something by 2017, they are saying the Midwest is going to start experiencing rolling blackouts. So let’s be careful with this. I am going to stop now. We have 
tried to frame some of the argument about this history of how we got to this point that you are seeing the frustra-tion in Congress. But I wanted to put that again in context. 
This industry is bigger than the auto-
mobile industry, but we don’t have the big communities. We don’t have the Detroits and the Grand Rapids. We just have Farmington, Lumberport, small towns that make up the backbone of rural America. That is what we are trying to fight for. 
I yield to the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. J
OHNSON ) for his comments. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Thank you to 
my colleague for yielding. 
You made a comment just a minute 
about, you know, we don’t have the De-troits, we don’t have the New Yorks, we don’t have the big cities in coal country. 
We may not have those big cities in 
coal country, but I guarantee you those big cities get some of their elec-tricity from the coal that is produced by the coal miners that live in our re-gion. 
Over the past 5 years, the Office of 
Surface Mining Reclamation has spent more than $10 million of its budget to pursue a wholesale rewrite of one of the agency’s regulatory programs. 
Dubbed the ‘‘stream protection rule’’ 
by the agency, this massive regulatory undertaking has little to do with pro-tecting streams and much more to do with riding roughshod over State regu-latory programs. 
This rule rewrite means more Ameri-
cans will be out of work and that elec-tricity bills of hard-working families could increase. 
As OSM’s related draft environ-
mental impact statement indicates, the Appalachian Basin, home to thou-sands of Ohioans who depend on the coal industry for their livelihood, to put food on their table, to put clothes on their children, to send their chil-dren to school, could see as many as 450 production-related jobs lost per year, with potential adverse impacts of $37 million annually. 
This appears to be of little concern to 
the administration, as Interior Sec-retary Sally Jewell was recently quoted as characterizing the job loss in coal country associated with this rule rewrite as ‘‘minor.’’ 
I invite Secretary Jewell to join me 
on a trip to any coal mine in Ohio and directly tell the hard-working miners— look them in the eye and tell them that this new rule has only minor im-pacts. 
I will clear my schedule, and I will be 
available any day, anytime, to go with her if she wants to come there. 
Furthermore, this regulation omits 
and ignores the relevant input from those stakeholders with the most ex-pertise in regulating mining, the States who have been doing it for years. 
In fact, 9 of the 10 States originally 
involved in the rules development have withdrawn their support due to OSM’s 
exclusionary tactics. 
This is unacceptable, and it is why I 
urge the House to consider H.R. 1644, the STREAM Act, as soon as possible. 
Introduced by my colleague from 
West Virginia, A
LEX MOONEY , the 
STREAM Act would direct the admin-istration to conduct a comprehensive study of the effectiveness of the Stream Buffer Zone Rule that has been in place since 1983. We have been doing this for a long time and protecting 
streams in the process. 
While this study occurs, a prohibi-
tion on the promulgation of new rules addressing the stream protection or stream buffers will be implemented to ensure that the Secretary incorporates the findings of the study into any fu-ture rulemaking. 
This is just one example, Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY, of the regulatory overreach of this 
administration and its devastating im-pacts on coal miners, on families that depend on the coal industry for their livelihoods, and the businesses that de-pend on cost-affordable, reliable elec-tricity across our country. 
I appreciate you giving me the time 
to share that. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Thank you. You 
have been one of our stalwarts in push-ing this legislation for all 5 years you have been here on this. 
So I know people across this country 
recognize the work that you are doing on behalf of the coal miners and this whole industry. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I am proud to 
be on your team. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. We have a host of 
other folks here to address the issue. We have got this chart up. Eventually, we are going to get to that in the next part of it. 
But what we are talking about here 
is here are all the regulations. These are all the regulations that are affect-ing the coal industry, the manufac-turing industry, all promulgated from the Clean Air Act. We will get to that in a minute. But, in the meantime, let’s hear from some more individuals. 
I yield to the gentleman from the 
Third District of West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Con-
gressman M CKINLEY , thank you for 
your leadership as chair of the Coal Caucus. It does great work. I am hon-ored to be a part of it, and I am hon-ored to work with you. 
Mr. Speaker, as you well know and as 
the people of America need to know, we are at a critical point in this war on coal, and it truly is a war on coal. 
Coal is vital to the people of West 
Virginia and to West Virginia’s econ-omy and to this country. Coal supports many crucial investments in southern West Virginia, in my congressional dis-trict. 
Its revenues help support tourism, 
roads, and infrastructure. It will make King Coal Highway a reality and make sure we do not have a bridge to no-where, like we already have in south-ern West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.099 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5576 July 28, 2015 
Coal puts food on the table. Coal pays 
the bills. Coal supports families. Coal generates the revenue that provides for our roads, our schools, our police, and our fire departments. Coal keeps the lights on. 
But, sadly, this administration 
doesn’t recognize the value of coal or of the people who work to mine it. They are proposing regulation after regula-tion to make it harder to mine coal, harder to burn coal, and harder to produce affordable energy from coal. 
We have lost an estimated 43 percent 
of our coal jobs in just the last 6 years. While that is a sobering number, it is more than a statistic. 
Each one of those employees has re-
sponsibilities. They have bills. They have families. They have rent or house payments. How will they provide for themselves and others without their coal jobs? 
We must stand up for West Virginia 
jobs, West Virginia energy, and West Virginia coal. That is exactly what I am doing in Congress as a member of the House Appropriations Committee. 
At one hearing, I did ask EPA Ad-
ministrator Gina McCarthy to come to West Virginia and listen to us. She de-clined. So I brought Logan County coal miners to Washington to testify before Congress. 
They shared how coal provides good 
paychecks to support their families and how they are worried overregula-tion will put them out of work. 
I am working in Congress to ensure 
our miners will be able to provide for their families and that our State still has access to affordable domestic en-ergy. I will continue to fight each and every day. 
Thank you for your leadership. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Thank you for your 
comments. 
Before we go to the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania, Congressman K ELLY , I 
just wanted to add, because you talked about education, that the Duke Energy plant over in New Richmond, Ohio—the closure of that cost them $1.5 million out of their school system, out of their property taxes, with that. 
You are absolutely right when we 
talk about the impact it is going to have on schools when we start depriv-ing that. 
But then you have FirstEnergy’s 
Albright plant. They lost $380,000. The AEP plant over in Lockbourne, Ohio, is $406,000. 
This is real money that is hurting 
the communities. It is depriving our school systems of money, all pushing an ideology. So thank you for joining this fight. 
I yield now to the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, it is about time. Time is run-ning out. I think right now we look at what is happening in coal country and nothing could be more alarming than what is happening. 
This is one promise the President 
kept. When he ran as a candidate, he said: You can continue to generate 
electric power by burning coal. But if you decide to go that way, we will bankrupt you. That is one promise he has kept. 
Now, in Pennsylvania alone, coal is 
responsible for over 40,000 jobs and 40 percent of our electric power. The As-sociated Press calls it the workhorse of America’s power system. 
But the extreme overreach by the 
EPA is threatening jobs and forcing en-ergy costs for families and manufactur-ers to skyrocket, which hurts every single American. That is something I think the general public has to under-stand. 
While maybe they don’t go down in 
those mines and while maybe they don’t bring that precious product out from underneath the ground and while maybe they don’t work in a coal-fired power plant, one thing they do know is, when they hit that switch to turn on the power, it is reliable because of coal. 
Coal has always been the standard. 
Coal has always driven the fact that we not only have coal that is abundant, we have coal that is accessible and we have coal that is very affordable. 
b1900 
Why in the world would we go away 
from this workhorse of America’s power system? That is one of the rea-sons we reintroduced the Coal Country Protection Act; that is H.R. 2637. 
It is just a commonsense bill that 
would stop any EPA regulations from affecting America’s power plants until four outcomes are achieved: number one, no job losses; number two, no loss in GDP or economic growth; number three, no higher electric rates; and, number four, no interruption in the re-liable delivery of electrical energy. These are pretty commonsense goals. 
Now, who would be able to verify 
that or who would certify? Well, the Secretary of Labor could do it; the Congressional Budget Office could do it; the Energy Information Administra-tion could do it; the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission could do it, and the North American Electric Reli-ability Corporation could do it. 
You said about time. It is about 
time, but it is time not just for the coal country people to stand up and fight for coal; it is time for the whole country to stand up and fight for coal. It is well past the midnight hour. 
As we continue to shut down mines 
and lose jobs and shut down commu-nities and raise people’s electric rates and then people at home sit back and wonder: What are they doing in Wash-ington? Why do they continue to hurt us at every turn? 
The answer is the people making 
some of this policy have never done what you have done; they have never walked in your shoes; they have never had to do what we have done in coal country to protect electric power. 
Why in the world would we do this 
now at a time when the country is looking for jobs, at a time when the country is looking for less dependence 
on foreign nations for energy? Why now? Why, Mr. President? Why con-tinue to push in the direction you have been pushing? 
The bottom line is this is just not 
about coal country; this is about our whole country. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY , I would like to thank 
you for fighting this fight. The 5 years we have been here together, this has been something we fought to go every day in every way and will continue to do. 
It is time now for the people in 
America to also be heard. Please do not sit in silence and suffer in silence when your voices need to be heard. We need to have everybody standing up for coal, standing up for the production of elec-tricity that is affordable and reliable, and we just need to look at where we are going and say: My goodness, the people we sent to represent us, the peo-ple we sent to protect us, it is time for them to stand up and do exactly what they took a pledge to do. 
I thank you for all your efforts. I 
thank my colleagues for being here to-night. This is something we will never give up on, we will never walk away 
from. It has come to our shoulders. We can’t ever walk away from it because it is not an option. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I think 
one of the biggest shortcomings here is I don’t think other Members of Con-gress and I don’t think the American public understand the magnitude of this industry. That is why I started off with that chart, to show you that be-tween the coal and the coal-fired elec-trical plants, it is larger than the auto-mobile industry. 
Now, just walk with me, just imagine 
that if we told the automobile industry that they had to cut back one-third of their capacity of cars, but that is okay, they are going to say, because what we do is people will ride bikes or they will take the train or the bus. That is not our culture in America. They would fight back, too. 
You and I are fighting—and the rest 
of these people that represent our coal fields. We have enjoyed the cost of electricity coming from low cost be-cause of coal. In America, all across, we showed 49 of the 50 States burn coal—49—and this administration wants to stop that, wants to cut back. 
I would say, if you are going to cut 
back the coal industry, then look at the automobile industry as well; if you are going to go after one huge compo-nent of our economy, go after the auto-mobile industry as well with it. 
Thank you very much for what you 
said. 
We talked about a lot. Now, let’s con-
tinue on. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
I think Congressman G IBBS from 
Ohio, I think you had some remarks you wanted to make. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for holding this Special Order on this very important topic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.100 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5577 July 28, 2015 
In the very near future, this affects 
every Ohioan across the country, but very soon, the EPA is expected to re-lease its Clean Power Plan. This is just another burdensome regulatory scheme that will increase energy costs. 
The Energy Information Administra-
tion—that is the government agency dedicated to the impartial analysis of data—reported it will cause the price of electricity rates to rise for consumers. 
Ohio families are already stretching 
their budgets as much as they can, struggling to make ends meet. Raising their monthly electric bills is just going to make their struggle worse. 
Earlier this month, the House passed 
the Ratepayer Protection Act, as you know, to stop the implementation of a clean power plan while the courts ad-dress the legal challenges to the plan and give Ohioans a break from the EPA’s heavy-handed regulations. 
Sadly, the EPA’s refusal to listen to 
the public and industry input is not without precedent. When considering the redefinition of waters of the United States rule, the agencies did not take into account the opinions of their State partners. Within hours, 27 States and countless organizations filed law-suits challenging the rule. 
Additionally, at the end of June, the 
Supreme Court found that the EPA failed to consider compliance costs when proposing new rules for power plants. 
If the EPA continues to push forward 
with this plan, it will only hurt those who want reliable, affordable energy. It is time to set aside partisan agendas. 
I encourage the EPA to start from 
scratch and work with the stake-holders and industry partners to create a commonsense plan that strengthens our energy infrastructure and safe-guards our environment. 
Again, Congressman M
CKINLEY , I 
thank you for holding this Special Order today—and Mr. Speaker—be-cause this affects a large region of our country. I know you talked about, what, 400 coal-fired plants across the country. 
This is important to our economy, 
and you have to have reliable and af-fordable energy for businesses to grow and create jobs. This Clean Power Plan is going to lay around and strangle our businesses and put people out of work across the Midwest and across my State in Ohio. 
I thank you for doing this tonight. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Thank you very 
much. Thank you for bringing up the Ratepayer Protection Act because, as you know, after we followed the MATS rule, after the Supreme Court ruled that unconstitutional, you didn’t hear the President complain because they had effectively accomplished every-thing they wanted before that rule. 
I am afraid that is why the impor-
tance of this Ratepayer Protection Act is because, if we continue to shut down our coal power plants and deprive our communities of taxpayer moneys to run our schools, then that winds up—if it is ruled unconstitutional later on, 
then how do we recover the moneys that we have lost? Can we reopen a school that was closed because a com-munity lost its operation? Do we re-cover? How do we recover that? That is why it is important. 
I am really glad you brought up the 
Ratepayer Protection Act because we need to make sure that the courts have ruled before the action is taken. You and I are going to be paying more for our utility bills as a result of that if and until it is ruled unconstitutional. We know it is coming; they know it is coming. Thank you for bringing that up. 
Our next remarks we have are from 
one of our—I can’t say one of our new-est Members, but he is a Member from Kentucky that has been very out-spoken. I appreciate very much Con-gressman B
ARRfrom Kentucky. 
Can you share some thoughts to-
night? 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. B ARR). 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman, my colleague and friend, from West Virginia for his leadership in the Congressional Coal Caucus, to my colleagues from Penn-sylvania and Ohio, and all over the country representing coal-producing States where good people—men and women—working in the coal mines lit-erally power America. 
They come from an industry—they 
work in the coal mines; they support the coal miners—an industry that pro-vides affordable and reliable energy that powers the American economy and has been the backbone of the American economy. 
Instead of celebrating that industry, 
instead of applauding the heroic work that these men and women do, day in and day out, underground and above ground, what is the response of the Federal Government over the last 6 years? It has been to singularly punish this industry. 
I can’t think of an administration 
from either party in the history of the United States that has singled out a single industry with the level of vindic-tiveness, frankly, and targeted a single industry and literally bankrupted many of these companies. 
I don’t understand it for a variety of 
reasons, but let me just share with you a little bit about the coal industry in Kentucky. We could very well be the poster child for demonstrating the tre-mendous negative impact and the con-sequences of this heartless, aggressive, anticoal policy from the EPA and from this administration’s regulatory pol-icy. 
Since 2009, the Commonwealth of 
Kentucky has lost more than 8,000 coal mining jobs throughout our State. For every one coal mining job, three addi-tional jobs are directly tied to every coal mining job. This is a direct result of the administration’s war on coal. 
Sure, there are competitive pressures 
from natural gas, and we celebrate the fracking boom and the result of discov-
eries in natural gas, but I can tell you what the coal industry says. It is not cheap natural gas that is the cause of these lost jobs; it is the fact that the Federal Government has put its heavy hand of regulatory power on the scales to make this industry noncompetitive. 
Just to give you a sample of the 
problem, in the first quarter of 2015 alone, Kentucky’s coal employment numbers dropped another 10
1⁄2percent. 
What does that mean in total? Coal 
production in Kentucky has decreased to its lowest level since 1963. In 2015, production levels are currently half of what they were just two decades ago; yet demand for energy in the United States has suddenly increased. 
There are more than just statistics, 
Mr. Speaker, when it comes to talking about the face of the war on coal. Many of my colleagues have shared these sto-ries about what this really means, what all of these regulations really mean in the real world. It is not statis-tics on a page; it is not about coal pro-duction percentages on decline. 
What it is really about, it is about 
Sally, the young woman in Wolfe Coun-ty, Kentucky, that I met with tears in her eyes at the end of a townhall meet-ing. 
She came to me as her Congressman 
and she said: Do they know what they are doing to our family? My husband lost his job because the coal mining employer that he works for didn’t get a permit, and so now, he is out of work. Don’t those people in Washington un-derstand that I have got kids? We are going back to school; it is August, and I can’t afford shoes for my kids. I had to go to Walmart and buy them flip- flops, just so they wouldn’t be embar-rassed to go back to school. 
Now, I want the regulators in Wash-
ington, D.C., to come back to Ken-tucky, to eastern Kentucky, and meet Sally and look Sally in the eye and ask her to describe to them what the im-pact of this war on coal is for her. 
What about Robert? Robert the coal 
miner from Wolfe County, Kentucky, in my district, he gets up at 3 a.m. every morning to commute an hour to go to work in the coal mines just to put food on the table. 
Or what about James, who looks at 
me with an incredible expression and says: A
NDY, don’t they understand 
what they are doing? They are putting people out of work. They are making life harder on the American people. Surely, these are the people who say they are fighting for the working man. I am the working man. Congressman, what are they thinking? 
Then you talk about Chris, Chris who 
says: Congressman, I don’t know much about politics; I don’t really care much about politics, but if you can go save my job, I am for you. Can’t the politi-cians in Washington fight for people just to go to work and provide for their families? These are paychecks that these people depend on. 
Finally, it is Curtis, Curtis who said 
to me that his father crawled on his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.101 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5578 July 28, 2015 
belly for decades to take care of his 
family, and because of his father’s hard work, he had opportunities. 
This is more than statistics. This is 
about real people who have been vic-timized by bureaucrats in Washington who are out of touch—if the bureau-crats in Washington would at least just go to these places—West Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky—and look these people in the eye and ask them what they think about their poli-cies. 
Worst of all, it is all done in the 
name of the environment. We all love the environment. These coal miners love the environment. They come from a beautiful part of the country, in Ap-palachia. 
It is not about not wanting to help 
the environment or environmental stewardship, but what is so sad is that these regulations aren’t going to do a darn thing about global carbon emis-sions. 
The Clean Power Plan rule that this 
administration has proposed would re-duce global carbon emissions by less than 1 percent—for what, $8 billion in additional annual cost to our economy and thousands of American families without paychecks. 
This is wrong. The Congress of the 
United States is right to stand up for these families. The Congress of the United States is right to stand up for jobs. 
That is why I support all of the legis-
lative work done by this House by these good Members—the STREAM Act from my colleague and friend from West Virginia; the coal residuals bill that the gentleman, the chairman, has championed and done a great job in supporting, my colleague, E
DWHIT-
FIELD , the chairman of the Energy Sub-
committee on the Ratepayer Protec-tion Act; the REINS Act, which we just voted for and passed out of this House, which would stop all of these costly regulations. 
b1915 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to 
stand up for American jobs, for Amer-ican energy, and for American-pro-duced coal power. I thank the gen-tleman for his leadership. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, the 
gentleman touched on something that I don’t know that our listeners or even the other Members of Congress quite grasp, but the gentleman touched on it in one statement he made. It is the claim that CO
2emissions of the world 
are the target of our global warming issue. 
I will just accept, for discussion pur-
poses, that that is the basis of their war on coal, this ideological fight that we are involved in. I will use the United Nations’ statistics—not the Re-publican caucus’, not the coal coun-try’s numbers, but the United Nations’. 
They say: Congressman B
ARR, if you 
were to stop all coal-fired capacity in every school, church, hospital, power station—if we were to stop all burning of coal in America in total so that 
there became no coal being consumed in America—you would reduce the CO
2 
emissions of the world by two-tenths of 1 percent. 
Mr. BARR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CKINLEY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I would also 
make this point that this is the United States of America. 
In the United States of America, we 
solve problems through entrepreneur-ship, free enterprise, and innovation. We put a man on the Moon because we are Americans. We believe in freedom, and we believe in innovation. 
If there is a problem with carbon 
emissions and climate change, then we should solve the problem the American way, through fossil energy research. What we should not do is supply a So-viet-style, command-and-control solu-tion from Washington, which will not solve the problem. 
What we need to be doing is export-
ing American technology to China and India and other countries that have in-ferior electricity-generating capabili-ties. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I just 
wanted to touch base again before we go to our last speaker. 
Again, these are all of the rules. This 
is the overwhelming number of rules that we are trying to deal with in America in dealing with fossil fuels, from ozone to new source performance standards. I could go on. 
There is the regional haze and the 
greenhouse gas tailoring rule. We have to deal with those. Let me show the impact as already predicted is going to happen. It is that we are going to see higher utility bills. If we want to see that, just keep doing it because that is exactly what is going to happen. 
This chart has been produced that 
shows, just in West Virginia 7 years ago—let’s just say for discussion—you had a $100 bill for your monthly elec-tric. Now, because of all of the rules, we are at $160. That is a 60 percent in-crease in the cost of utilities. Some might argue it is because of the cost of coal. No. The cost of coal has dropped. 
The point here is that the power 
plants—the utilities—are having to put excessive money into the production of electricity to meet some of those rules that we talked about over there. It is coming out of our pockets. Someone is paying for that. You and I are paying for that. 
In addition, we are already 60 percent 
up. Look at Arizona. They are sug-gesting that the increased cost in Ari-zona is going to go up 40 percent; in the State of Washington, 37 percent; in California, 24 percent. All we have to ask is: Is this what the consumers want? 
Let me show you another chart here. This talks about where coal is being 
used. Now, this administration has been very effective in shutting it off. You have heard the horror stories of what has happened in Kentucky. I have heard of some of it in West Virginia. In 
Ohio, it is the same story—in Indiana, in Illinois. The impact it is having on our industry is destructive. They are destroying the industry. The industry is on its knees now. 
But what about overseas? The International Energy Agency has 
already indicated that they have a vo-racious appetite for coal elsewhere out-side of America. No one else is fol-lowing the administration’s lead on this idea of this war on coal. 
They are still burning coal. They are 
burning coal every which way they can. Whether it is in China or in India—wherever they are—they are using coal. As a matter of fact, from the year 2000 to 2013, they increased their appetite for coal by 70 percent; but in America, we dropped. It is im-portant to understand where this fight is and what we have to do to fight for the individuals. 
Mr. Speaker, as we start to wrap up 
our discussion tonight about coal and its impact, about the Clean Power Plan and the effective regulations, I yield to the gentleman from the Second Dis-trict of West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ), 
one of our newest Congressmen. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank Congressman M CKIN-
LEYfor his leadership on this issue and 
in our great State of West Virginia. I thank Congressman B
ARRfor his great 
comments and for his telling some per-sonal stories about how this affects real Americans from different States. 
Mr. Speaker, our great country is 
blessed with abundant natural re-sources. Unfortunately, President Obama has made a campaign commit-ment to destroy coal as a domestic en-ergy source, and he is intent on ful-filling that promise. 
Just 2 weeks ago, the Office of Sur-
face Mining, under the Department of the Interior, released its latest set of rules and regulations that will cripple the coal industry not only in West Vir-ginia, but across the country. These new rules and regulations are over 2,500 pages in length. 
If you do not know exactly what that 
looks like, here it is, ladies and gentle-men. It is six folders full of new regula-tions—2,500 pages. This is what it looks like, okay? The Department of the In-terior has given us 60 days to go through this. It is a lot of work. At the very least, a 120-day extension is need-ed beyond the current 60-day comment period. 
I have already joined Chairman 
B
ISHOP of the Natural Resources Com-
mittee, on which I serve, and 43 Mem-bers of Congress in sending a letter to the Obama administration, requesting a 120-day extension of the comment pe-riod for the recently announced job- killing stream buffer zone regulation right here. 
My hard-working staff and I of the 
Second District of West Virginia have been going through this very hard over the last several days since it came out. We have been trying to look at all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.102 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5579 July 28, 2015 
the ridiculous regulations in this bill, 
and we have come across a couple of things that, I think, are worth pointing out so far. 
For instance, on page 1201 of the pro-
posed regulation, it reads: 
Ensure that electric power transmission 
lines and other transmission facilities that are used for or are incidental to surface min-ing activities on the permit area are de-signed and constructed to minimize electro-cution hazards to raptors and other alien species with large wingspans. 
The Office of Surface Mining is wor-
ried about protecting raptors and other birds from electrocution, so they have created a special regulation just to pre-vent that from happening. That is right. Here it is—required. We found on page 1201, buried within thousands of pages of regulations, that coal compa-nies are to build special power lines to prevent ‘‘raptors from getting zapped.’’ 
I wonder if the environmentalists 
have the same concerns for their own projects. According to the Smithso-nian, somewhere between 140,000 and 328,000 birds die each year from flying into wind turbines. 
On page 1100 exactly, we have even 
more new rules here. It reads: 
You may not conduct any surface mining 
activity that is likely to jeopardize the con-tinued existence of threatened or endangered species listed by the Secretary or proposed for listing by the Secretary or that is likely to result in the destruction or adverse modi-fication of designated critical habitat in vio-lation of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
That is a long sentence with a lot of 
‘‘ors.’’ This absurd regulation would prohibit mining near animals that the Director of the Interior has simply pro-posed for listing as endangered or as threatened. 
It would be one thing to prevent min-
ing operations around animals that are actually endangered, but this regula-tion goes far, far beyond protecting en-dangered species. This is a stunning regulatory power grab that an environ-mental extremist Secretary will use to put miners out of business. 
Even more ridiculous is just the 
heart of this rulemaking, which is to fundamentally change the definition of a ‘‘stream’’ to include temporary streams. Temporary streams are, es-sentially, ditches that fill up with water when it rains, and the water goes away quickly. They are calling them ‘‘streams’’ now. 
A recent study from the National 
Center for Mining estimates that these rules will destroy as many as 80,000 coal jobs across the country. My col-league Congressman A
NDY BARR put 
some names to those stories of individ-uals who are losing their jobs. He just referred to them in his remarks, and I appreciate that. 
These are hard-working American 
taxpayers who are simply trying to provide for their families; and these idealistic, extremist regulations are putting them out of work. It is harm-ing families not only in our States of West Virginia and Kentucky, but across the country. These new regula-tions would be catastrophic to the coal 
industry and to all of the hard-working American families who depend on coal to keep their energy costs low. 
The economy of the Appalachian Re-
gion and West Virginia, in particular, are uniquely threatened by these regu-lations because of our mountainous to-pography and abundance of small streams. 
Industry estimates say this adminis-
trative action could mean 45 to 79 per-cent of the coal reserves in the Appa-lachia would no longer be usable. The damage from such a critical blow to the industry would create a ripple of hardship in our State. 
I think my colleague Congressman 
M
CKINLEY mentioned this already, but 
over 90 percent of the energy consumed in West Virginia is produced by coal power, and distress in the coal industry will raise home energy prices and busi-ness energy costs for everybody. Low- income folks are going to struggle with this. 
Furthermore, approximately 60 per-
cent of West Virginia State business tax revenue is derived from coal reve-nues. A significant decrease in these revenues would put a severe financial strain on the State budget, and it could potentially hurt crucial services in our State, like public schools, State-funded health clinics, and the funding of our law enforcement agencies. 
I want to continue to work with my 
colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee, and I thank my colleague from West Virginia and my colleague from Kentucky for cosponsoring my bill, H.R. 1644. It is also known as the STREAM Act. 
I want to first move it swiftly 
through committee before any real damage can be done by this harmful new rule. It is time that the adminis-tration wakes up and realizes that their regulations are hurting hard- working American taxpayers for no good reason. 
b1930 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for his comments on that and for bringing up also the Clean Power Plan as we were wrapping up with that. 
Because I am intrigued—and maybe 
the rest of the Members should be as well—with the idea that is being pro-moted by the senior Senator from Ken-tucky, which is maybe we should not be so quick to jump on the Clean Power Plan. 
The President may very well be over-
turned on this constitutionally. But if the States implement this voluntarily and impact our schools, our commu-nities, our environment, our health care, our hospitals, by shutting down, we won’t be able to recover from that. 
So the Senator has come up with an 
intriguing concept, and that is just say no. It kind of reminds me of Barbara Bush a few years ago. 
As a result of that, we already have 
several States that are either saying no or are deeply and seriously consid-
ering saying no. 
States like Oklahoma, Indiana, Wis-
consin, Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi are not going to jump on this legislation just yet. 
The rule, they are coming from the 
administration because they have seen the strategy here, which is just to use a bullying tactic, push it through, knowing full well 5 or 6 years from now it is going to be overturned in the courts. But we will never get our jobs back. 
Those individuals that you were talk-
ing about, Congressman B
ARR, those 
individuals that came up to you, they are not going to have a job. 
They will have left Kentucky. They 
will have gone someplace else to try to find something else. They are going to be uprooted from their communities. 
No, we have to fight. This is the fight 
now. 
I yield to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky (Mr. B
ARR). 
Mr. BARR. I agree with you 100 per-
cent. 
I would just mention, too, it is not 
just about the coal mining jobs and the coal miners who will lose their jobs. 
My district is mainly not a mining 
district. My district mainly is known for thoroughbred horses and bourbon distilleries and cattle, in addition to the University of Kentucky and the City of Lexington, but we do border the coal industry. 
What I do know about those senior 
citizens on fixed incomes or low-in-come folks who live in those noncoal- producing counties in my district is that their electricity bills are going to double or triple if this Clean Power Plan goes into effect. 
I have talked to the utilities. Over 90 
percent of the electricity in Kentucky comes from coal. Coal keeps the lights on. Coal provides affordable energy. 
The estimates from the utilities is 
that, in a single year, folks who live below the poverty line are going to see their electricity bills increase by two times, maybe three times, and that is simply something that they can’t af-ford. 
So this is an assault on low-income 
Americans, not just coal-mining fami-lies, but, also, fixed-income seniors and other low-income Americans. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. I do appreciate the 
gentleman’s additional comments. 
So as we leave here tonight, let’s 
make sure that we go back over what we have talked about. 
We have talked about the impact on 
coal. We have talked about the individ-uals, as you just referred to on their electric bills. We see the drama that is going to play out over this. 
We have seen the numbers of regula-
tions that are coming forth with this, with these bullying tactics, this hos-tility toward coal. We have seen this last result, the Clean Power Plan. These have to stop. America needs to wake up. 
This is something that is happening, 
but we have the ability here to reach 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.103 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5580 July 28, 2015 
out and try to communicate to more 
people across West Virginia and the Nation, in Kentucky and Illinois, to Montana, to California, to demonstrate to them that you are already using coal. You are getting the advantages of coal. 
Work with us to get the clean coal 
technology so that we can cut down our emissions. The idea of shutting off coal is short-sighted, and the rest of the world isn’t following. 
Someone said about leadership: You 
know, if no one is following you, then all you are doing is a man taking a walk. 
So we have to find people that can 
lead. We have groups that are willing to take this on and fight for coal, fight for the jobs and the people that are af-fected by this. 
So I thank you all for coming out 
here tonight. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
Mr. Speaker. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1994, VA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3236, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS (during the Special 
Order of Mr. M
CKINLEY ) from the Com-
mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–234) on the resolution (H. Res. 388) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of 
employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safe-ty, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the High-way Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
CALIFORNIA DROUGHT SOLUTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, we 
had a most interesting discussion on coal. Let’s continue on with natural re-sources for a few moments here. 
I represent a good portion of the 
State of California. I put this map up as an opportunity for interested parties to observe what is happening in the State of California. 
We are well into the fourth year of 
our drought in California. You can see from this map, in 2003, we had a serious 
drought, the yellow. 
We are now looking at July 1, 2014. 
The yellow is now just a small part of the State of California, meaning it is still serious. 
It is mostly out in the delta, out in 
the desert and in southern California, Imperial Valley, part of San Diego, Riverside, and San Bernardino County. 
And there is a little bit of drought up 
here in the far north, north coast area, in Del North County. 
The red and the brown, that is really, 
really serious. So California is really in a very serious state of hurt at the mo-ment. 
The drought is severe. It is having an 
enormous impact not just in the San Joaquin Valley, but really throughout the entire State of California. 
Twenty-five percent water reduction 
is mandated by the State for the entire State. And so, in southern California, central California, northern California, that dramatic reduction in the con-sumption of water is well underway. 
I live here in the central part, in the 
delta of California, which I will talk about at some length. 
Three weeks ago this House passed 
legislation to address this issue, the Valadao bill. What it really was all about was a relaxation of the environ-mental protections and, thereby, a mechanism to basically take what water remains in northern California here in the Sacramento Valley and transport it down into the San Joaquin Valley here. 
It is basically the classic water grab, 
which we have seen so much of over the years. 
While all of that talk is going on here 
in Washington, D.C., what is happening is that California is doing what it has done so very well, and that is mine not coal, which we heard about from our colleagues from the coal states, but, rather, mine water. 
This map basically shows what is 
happening in the aquifers of California. In June of 2002, you see a lot of green. The aquifers, while still depleted, were thought to be in pretty good shape. 
In 2008, as a result of expansion of ag-
riculture in cities and communities throughout California, the mining of water was going on so much so that we are now beginning to see these yellow and brown areas show up. 
As the drought continued on from 
2008 to 2014, we are beginning to see the very severe overdraft of the aquifers of California. Will these aquifers rebound when the rains return? Perhaps. 
But we also know that many of them 
will not. And the result of this extraor-dinary overdrafting of the aquifers in California will place in jeopardy many, many communities, agricultural com-munities as well as the human commu-nities. 
We know that down here in the San 
Joaquin Valley along the eastern side communities are simply out of water. 
The aquifers have been mined, over-
drafted, to the point where there is no more ability to draw from the aquifers, 
and these communities are out of water today. 
Extraordinary efforts are underway 
to provide these communities, many of whom are low-income communities with very little resources of their own, unable to dig deeper wells to provide themselves with water. 
So part of the bill that passed 3 
weeks ago attempted to address this, but in a very insufficient way. 
There are alternatives. There are 
ways that California can and must deal 
with the drought, and they basically are short term, immediate, and long term. 
That legislation has been introduced. 
I draw the attention to the Huffman bill, which is a comprehensive effort to deal with California’s both short-term and long-term efforts. 
I also draw attention to the Napoli-
tano bill and basically draw your at-tention to how it should not be done, which was the Valadao bill. 
Now, action is underway in the Sen-
ate. Our Senator, D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , is 
about to introduce legislation. We have not had a chance to see the full legisla-tion. 
We do know that some of the 
Huffman bill is introduced into it, and we know that some of the Napolitano bill is also introduced. 
I want to deal with those opportuni-
ties that present themselves and, at the same time, suggest that the Valadao bill should not be passed. 
There is no need to push aside the en-
vironmental laws. There is no need to waive the California constitution and the water rights system in the con-stitution as the Valadao bill does. It is hidden, but it is there. 
So what I want to really talk about 
is how we can address the California water needs. I call this the little sip/big gulp strategy. It is a proposal that I made some 3 years ago and continue to work on. It is a water plan for all of California. 
It is similar to a program put out by 
the California administration, not for tunnels, not the California water fix, not the BDCP—all of those programs are simply a way to transfer water— but, rather, what we call a water fix, a water plan, for all of California. 
Basically, what it involves is a mech-
anism to provide water for the growing population of California for the agri-cultural areas, Sacramento and San Joaquin, called the Great Central Val-ley, for the urban regions here in the bay area and down in southern Cali-fornia. 
I will go through it very, very quick-
ly. 
Let’s talk about southern California. 
Basically, it now takes water from northern California from the Colorado River. It brings water into the south-ern California area, where it is con-sumed. 
After being cleaned, it is consumed. 
It is cleaned yet again, and a great amount of water is dumped then into the Pacific Ocean. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.105 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5581 July 28, 2015 
You say: Wait a minute. You mean to 
tell me they are taking water from northern California 400 or 500 miles from the Colorado River, bringing it into southern California, cleaning it, using it once, and then dumping it into the ocean? 
The answer is yes. That is exactly 
what has happened, so much so that what I think is probably the fifth big-gest river on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere is, in fact, the sanitation plants in southern Cali-fornia. 
So the first option would be to recy-
cle that water. That is very much a part of the Napolitano bill, as well as the Huffman bill: recycling. Use the water that is already there. Clean it and reuse it. 
This is actually happening in Orange 
County down here. Orange County has one of the largest recycling programs anywhere in the United States. Good for them. But that much more can be done. 
For maybe a billion dollars, a billion 
and a half dollars, you may be able to get 500,000 acre-feet of new water that is already in southern California. 
So that is the recycling: San Diego, 
southern California, the great Los An-geles Basin, as well as the great San Francisco area. 
Here in Sacramento a major recy-
cling program is now underway by the Sacramento Regional Sanitation Dis-trict. Good for them. 
That water will be reused, some of it 
in the Sacramento area, the rest of it put back in the river as clean water and then available for environmental purposes in the bay as well as for the San Joaquin Valley and, indeed, all the way to Los Angeles. 
So recycling is very, very much a 
part of the future of California. 
A lot of people talk about desaliniza-
tion. Yes, certainly there is now a de-salinization plant that is opening that will be producing a significant amount of water down here in Carlsbad in San Diego County. There is also a desalin-ization plant in the Santa Barbara area. 
b1945 
Those are important. However, desa-
linization is far more expensive than recycling. The recycled water turns out to be quite cleaner than the ocean water. It doesn’t have all the salts and other contaminants because it has al-ready been significantly cleaned in the sanitation process—so recycling. 
The most important and most imme-
diate and, frankly, underway, as I said, 25 percent reduction in water consump-tion required in California now, that is called conservation. Clearly, conserva-tion is the simplest, least expensive, and the largest source of water for the future. 
Conservation is taking place by man-
date now, but also a great deal of con-servation is taking place in the agri-cultural areas up and down the coast as well as the agricultural areas in the Monterey Bay area and, actually, ev-
erywhere in California. 
As much as has been done in the 
years leading to this moment, more can and must be done in conservation, both urban as well as agriculture. Per-haps estimates by the State govern-ment indicate somewhere between 3 and 5 million acre-feet of water can be saved through a very robust conserva-tion program up and down the State. 
Once again, this is in the Democratic 
legislation that has been put forth by Ms. N
APOLITANO as well as by Mr. 
HUFFMAN . A major and very, very im-
portant element in California water fu-ture is a continuation of this conserva-tion program. 
So you have recycling; you could do 
desalinization in certain places; and, thirdly, conservation, with conserva-tion being the single biggest and the most inexpensive of all of the options. 
There are things that need to be 
done. Money needs to be made avail-able, Federal Government grants as well as State and local government, and participation by farmers and com-munities up and down the State. 
Thirdly, we need to develop more 
storage. Here is where the twin tunnel concept that is being pushed by Gov-ernor Brown and the administration makes no sense at all. I want to put up a map that displays this a little better. I am going to go to the really big map here because this really needs to be un-derstood. 
This is a picture of the delta of Cali-
fornia. It is an inland delta. It is the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. It is basically this entire region here. Sacramento is up here; Stockton is here; Contra Costa County, Pittsburg, Antioch down here; and then San Francisco Bay begins right in this area. 
So what we have here is this inland 
delta. The San Joaquin River comes up from the south. The Sacramento River, the largest river in California, flows from the north all the way from the Oregon border, Mt. Shasta, flows down through the Sacramento Valley, past the city of Sacramento, and comes in and joins the San Joaquin River in the delta of California. 
I have had the pleasure to live in this 
area for the last 40 years and represent this area for, well, since 1974 in one way or another. It is an extraordinary ecological system. The largest estuary, it is the nursery for dozens of different species of salmon and other fish. It is extremely important for the ecology not just of the delta, but also of the en-tire West Coast. It is from this area that the salmon go out to sea, pro-viding thousands upon thousands of jobs and recreational opportunities— other species, in this area, of fish. It is also a major flyway for the waterfowl that migrate north and south through the area. 
It is also a very rich agricultural 
area, several hundred thousand acres of agricultural land, and provides enor-mous recreational opportunities with more than a thousand miles of rivers, 
sloughs, and waterways of various kinds. 
It is in trouble. It is in serious jeop-
ardy because of the transfer of water from the north through the delta to the great pumps here at Tracy that could pump up to 15,000 cubic feet of water per second out of these pumps, sending that to the San Joaquin Valley here, and then on into Los Angeles. 
This is the hub, and this is where the 
controversy exists. What the Governor wants to do is to start up here in one of the richest agricultural areas in all of America and basically create two, three intakes and two massive tunnels that come all the way down here to the pumps, in the process destroying a lot of the agricultural land. The pumps are big enough. These tunnels are capable of carrying 15,000 cubic feet of water per second; and with intakes that are at 9,000, you add another intake, you can get the full 15,000. 
Keep in mind, the Sacramento River 
flowing past Freeport, Sacramento, flows at somewhere around 15,000 cubic feet per second water into the Sac-ramento and into the delta. So this system that the Governor wants to build is big enough to literally drain the freshwater from the delta, destroy-ing this extraordinary ecological sys-tem, the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. 
So we say to the Governor, why 
would you build something that has such destructive capacity? A recent re-port that was done on the economic benefits of this—remember, it is about $15 billion to build these two tunnels and the intakes and the pumps that go with it, about $15 billion. The economic analysis that was recently published in the Sacramento Bee said, well, wait a minute, the total economic benefit of all of this is like $5 billion over the lifetime of the tunnels. That is 50 years. You are spending $15 billion in the next decade or so, and you are only going to get $5 billion of economic ben-efit? It doesn’t make much sense. 
The other thing that is so foolish 
about this proposal is there is no stor-age. There is no storage north of the delta. There is no storage south of the delta. There is no storage in the delta. So where are you going to put the water? It is really nonsense. 
So what we are saying is don’t waste 
$15 billion or $17 billion here. Don’t set up a system that could destroy the ecology of the delta and the agri-culture of the delta and put at risk the communities that rely upon the fresh-water. Don’t do that. 
There is a better option that is avail-
able. We call that the little sip/big gulp. 
First of all, fix the levees. Fix the 
levees, the key levees that allow for the transport of water through the delta that protect the communities of the delta, that protect the flow of water as well as the agriculture. Prob-ably less than a billion dollars and you could armor these levees. You could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.106 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5582 July 28, 2015 
upgrade those levees to maintain the 
current flow of water, when necessary, through the delta to the pumps, and at the same time protect communities such as Stockton and the communities down here in the Contra Costa area. That is the first thing. That gives you about half of the water that would be needed. 
So where does the other half come 
from? The other half is what I call the little sip. I think you can see this on the map. This is the Sacramento deep-water shipping channel. It actually intersects the Sacramento River way up here in Sacramento, taking water, a little bit of water into the shipping channel and coming down here to a community called Rio Vista. About 40 percent of a system is already in exist-ence. 
If you were to put a fish screen here 
at the opening on the Sacramento River, allowing 3,000 cubic feet per sec-ond of water to flow into the shipping channel, down the shipping channel, capture that water way down here where the shipping channel ends, there are levees on either side of the channel. Capture the water there, and then bring the water across to Old River, which is right here. Bring that water across to Old River, and it goes then to the pumps here at Tracy. 
So what you have here is a mecha-
nism which we call the little sip, 3,000 cubic feet per second, big enough to be operated virtually every day of the year in a normal water year—not this year with the severe drought, but in a normal water year. 
Oh, by the way, you could not oper-
ate the big tunnels, either. So this big project that the Governor wants to propose could not be used this year be-cause there simply isn’t water in the river. 
But this little project in most every 
year, both the low flow as well as the high flow in the average year, could take that 3,000 cfs every day, bringing it down to the pumps here at Tracy, de-livering 2 million acre-feet of water every year. That is the little sip. 
When you have the big rain flows, 
which we hope to have in the future, and actually did have twice this year, you could turn the big pumps on down here, and you could take the rest of the 2 million or 2
1⁄2million acre-feet, giv-
ing you the 41⁄2million acre-feet that is 
desired to flow south to southern Cali-fornia and to the San Joaquin Valley. Little sip/big gulp. 
You have, in fact, protected the delta 
because you are going to have to main-tain the levees, bring them up to code so that they are 100-, 200-year flood lev-ees, and you have set up a mechanism that could not destroy the delta be-cause it is only 3,000 cubic feet per sec-ond coming out of the Sacramento River way up high. You avoid all of the destruction that would occur in the Clarksburg-Courtland area up here, that would occur as a result of the three intakes or four intakes that would be built on the Sacramento River, and all of the disruption that 
would occur as you build these two massive tunnels. 
These tunnels are 40 feet in diameter. 
We are talking about, well, actually higher than this ceiling here in the Chamber. This is probably like 30 feet to the ceiling. But it would be 40 feet, two massive tunnels, 40 feet in diame-ter, that would be drilled down through the delta, through some of the most complex soils anywhere in the United States, disrupting all of this area and creating the opportunity for an exis-tential threat to the delta because they are so big and can take so much water. 
What would this cost? Maybe a third, 
maybe less than a third, maybe a quar-ter, because so much of it is already built. You already have the channel all the way down to here. You would have about a 10- to 12-mile pipeline across the delta into the Old River or a new canal built along the Old River to the pumps at Tracy. It makes a lot of sense. 
The rest of the money, perhaps an-
other $10 billion or $12 billion that would be otherwise spent on the mas-sive twin tunnels could then be used for storage systems south of the delta. 
Let me put this down for a second 
and put up the map of California. Where would those storage systems be? 
Here is the delta once again. South of 
the delta there is a reservoir here called San Luis. It needs to be repaired because of earthquake potential. You can expand that. Just to the south, you have Los Banos Grandes Creek. That would be Los Banos Grandes Reservoir. There are numerous reservoirs that could be built along the California aq-ueduct as it comes into the Central Valley. 
Most important of all are the 
aquifers. Remember this: The aquifers of the Central Valley are seriously overdrafted. These are the major stor-age reservoirs of California. So as water is brought out of the delta, we need to make sure that that water is put in surface storage reservoirs where possible, San Luis, maybe Los Banos Grandes. Los Vaqueros Reservoir here in Contra Costa County needs to be up-graded, added to. So you have these surface storage reservoirs that are cer-tainly going to be necessary, and most important of all, you have got the aquifers. 
As we look to the future, we need to 
figure out the hydrological systems to bring water through the canals when it is available and recharge the aquifers of the San Joaquin Valley. Some of them will not be able to be recharged. They are gone. Once you drain those aquifers, they may never be able to re-cover. But some could be recovered, and those are the ones we need to iden-tify, and we need to recharge them. 
Similarly, in the Sacramento Valley, 
north of the delta, there are several storage opportunities available to us. Some of these have been studied. 
Way up here is the largest reservoir 
in California, the Shasta Reservoir. There is talk—and it has been stud-
ied—to raise the dam and increase the capacity perhaps by 130,000 acre-feet of yield here at Shasta. Further south, not on the river, but an off-river res-ervoir called Sites Reservoir, which my Republican colleague, Mr. L
AMALFA , 
and I are authoring legislation to build Sites Reservoir, which would take water during the flood flows on the Sacramento off stream, pump it into this reservoir, a very large reservoir, about 1.9 million acre-feet, and that water would then be available to be put back into the Sacramento River for ex-port to the south or for salinity con-trol, freshwater into the San Francisco Bay, and also would create the oppor-tunity for the reoperation, that is, to work in conjunction with Folsom Res-ervoir here in Sacramento, the Feather River Reservoir, the Oroville Dam and Reservoir, and the reoperation of the Shasta as well as the Yuba reservoirs. 
b2000 
In other words, this would great 
flexibility to the way in which we would then be able to operate the Sac-ramento River system for the benefit of the environment, for the benefit of exports to the southern valley—San Joaquin Valley, as well as southern California—and for salinity control in the environment of the delta. At the same time, like the San Joaquin Val-ley, there are enormous aquifers here in the Sacramento Valley that need to be maintained and recharged so that what we could build, if we thought about it in this holistic way, we would build a system that would be conjunc-tive use, so that when there was a lot of water, we would store that water. We would store it in off-stream res-ervoirs. We would store in an expanded Shasta. We would store it in the under-ground aquifers of the San Joaquin Valley or in the reservoirs along the west side of the San Joaquin Valley, as well as in southern California. 
When you recycle in southern Cali-
fornia, you could then store that water in the aquifers that exist here in the Los Angeles and the southern Cali-fornia basin. These aquifers actually have greater capacity than the Shasta Reservoir. 
So you have got the aquifer of the 
San Fernando. You have got the aqui-fer of the San Gabriel, the San Bernardino, Orange County, West Basin, and several other smaller aquifers in the Los Angeles Basin. Of course, there are others as you move south towards San Diego. 
That is the storage system that you 
would then use in a conjunctive water management program. This is the ho-listic approach that we need to look at. I call it the little sip in the delta. Build a small facility—3,000 is not small— 3,000 cubic feet per second facility, tak-ing that water out of the Sacramento River at Sacramento; put it into the deepwater shipping channel—the Sac-ramento channel all the way down here just north of Rio Vista—take it across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.107 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5583 July 28, 2015 
the delta, put it in a canal into Old 
River to the pumps, 3,000. The remain-ing water would be taken out of the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta when it is available, when the delta smelt and other fish are not at the pumps, and turn the pumps on, sending that water south to be stored or used in the aquifers stored in new surface storage reservoirs along the way. Of course, north of the delta, you would have the surface storage reservoir at Sites and perhaps the enlargement of Shasta, then the ability to use it. 
So why don’t we do it? For the $15 
billion that the Governor wants to spend on digging two tunnels that do not create 1 gallon of new water, but do create an existential threat to the larg-est estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. Don’t waste your money. Don’t spend $15 billion on a $5 billion benefit—and that is over 50 years. 
Why would you ever make that in-
vestment when you could do something that creates water, creates perhaps as much as 5 million acre-feet of new water for California’s future, water that would be available from recycling and storage in southern California aquifers, available from storage north of the delta, the replenishment of the aquifers in the great Central Valley of California, and the creation of new storage surface reservoirs along the way? And most important, conserva-tion—we have to conserve. It is man-dated now. It is part of our future. 
This is a water plan for all Cali-
fornia. These ideas are not new. I didn’t dream them up, although I put them together. And interestingly enough, 3
1⁄2years ago, when I made this 
first proposal, about a year later the Governor and the Department of Water Resources put forth a paper called a Water Action Plan for California, and it is exactly the same—without the tunnels. 
Their Water Action Plan didn’t speak 
to the tunnels. It did speak to storage north of the delta; it did speak to con-servation; it did speak to the aquifers; it did speak to desalinization and recy-cling—all of those things that have been in the water plan for California for about 30 years. 
This is not new. I have been involved 
in these issues since the 1970s, and I know that if we were to back away from the twin tunnel proposal, which is so destructive of the delta, and went to the little sip/big gulp strategy, using all of the various mechanisms avail-able to California, we could create maybe 5 million acre-feet of new water. We could address the future drought that California will have again some day in the future. 
Now, what about today’s drought? I 
want to deal with that. 
The people of California last Novem-
ber passed a $7 billion water bond. That water bond allows for conservation, re-plenishment of the aquifers, surface storage—perhaps Sites Reservoir, yet to be determined—and recycling, re-plenishment of the aquifers and, most 
important for now, today, money for those communities that are out of water and have no water at all so they can drill their wells deeper or bring in surface water from nearby rivers or communities that may be available. 
That is a particular problem here in 
this area of the San Joaquin Valley and a few of the communities up here in the Sacramento Valley and up in the foothills. We need to provide that im-mediate relief for those areas, and we 
need to get on with conservation and some of the money that is necessary in order to do that. The water bond is available. That money is going to be coming out over the next 18 months or so as the State of California moves projects forward. 
Immediately, and this is what I hope 
would be in the legislation that we should pass here in Washington is that we would use those Federal programs that exist today—and there are a mul-titude of Federal programs that al-ready exist in Federal law, money that is already appropriated but not focused on the drought, not only in California, but throughout the West. And what I would suggest as we move legislation forward—perhaps this will be in Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN ’s bill. I would hope so. 
And if not there, as we hopefully all work together on solving the problem of drought in the West, particularly in California, that we focus our attention on the immediate opportunities that the Federal Government can presently 
present to solve problems. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy has the clean water grant programs. The Department of the Interior, the Bureau of Reclamation, has the WaterSMART program, which is con-servation and recycling. We know that the Army Corps of Engineers has pro-grams. There are other programs spread throughout the Federal Govern-ment that, if they were focused imme-diately on the needs of California and other States, that money could move to solve the community problems. 
The clean water grant program could 
be used to provide water programs for those communities that are out of water—the recycling, conservation pro-grams. All of those have money that is presently already appropriated but not focused; and if they focus that money so that it was in coordination, aug-mented, and supplemented and ahead of the California water bond programs, you could advance the water bond pro-grams by as much as 18 months. It will take that long for California to move that money out of the bond. 
So move the Federal Government in 
conjunction, in alignment with the programs that the State of California already is planning to do but doesn’t yet have the money available. Put the Federal money there. Do the planning, the engineering, the environmental re-views, if necessary, and you advance so that today’s drought can be dealt with. Now that is beginning to make sense. 
I think we can do this. We need to 
push aside all of the fighting we have had over these many, many years. 
Don’t take water from somebody, but work on programs to expand the water potential for all California. Don’t push aside the environmental laws, because it is, in fact, the environmental laws that protect this largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemi-sphere—San Francisco Bay and the fishing industry up and down the coast, all the way to the Columbia River be-tween Oregon and Washington. 
Don’t put us in a situation where we 
are destined to fight, but rather put us in a situation where we can work to-gether. That is my plea to my Repub-lican colleagues who pushed that bill through here basically on a party-line vote and now headed to the Senate. I ask Senator F
EINSTEIN to work with 
those of us that represent the delta and that have worked for generations and decades on how to protect the delta. 
There is a solution. I call it a little 
sip/big gulp. You can put any name you want to on it. In fact, the Natural Re-sources Defense Council came up with a similar program that they called a portfolio approach: conservation; recy-cling; desalinization, aquifers; storage systems, both large and small, surface and aquifer. It is all there. This is not new. This is working together to solve a major challenge to the largest econ-omy in the United States, the seventh largest economy in the world, the larg-est population—35 million people. This is a challenge, but this is a challenge we can do. 
So my plea to anybody that cares to 
work on water is to work with us. There are ways we can solve and miti-gate the current drought and solve the problem for the future drought. It is there. It is not going to be any more expensive than the massive tunnel pro-grams that the Governor is proposing. 
In fact, if you took that $15 billion 
and you were to spend it on building Sites Reservoir, expanding reservoirs to the south, putting in the systems for the underground aquifer replenishment and recycling programs in southern California, how much progress could we make? Well, we could solve the prob-lems for the next drought, and we could mitigate and reduce the harm of the current drought. That is what it is all about: working together, taking the best ideas of one group or another. 
Mr. Speaker, I think I have covered 
this issue, hopefully making some sense of what is a very complex prob-lem for California and, therefore, for the Nation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITY, THE RULE 
OF LAW, AND PLANNED PARENT-HOOD VIDEOS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) for 30 
minutes. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege to be able to address you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.109 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5584 July 28, 2015 
here on the floor of the House of Rep-
resentatives and to speak some words here that hopefully will be picked up by the rest of the country that causes us to think a little more, think a little deeper, and think about the destiny of this country, Mr. Speaker. 
I come to the floor to talk to you 
this evening about a couple of topics. One is national security, and the other is the rule of law. I will say the third thing that threads into that is the Planned Parenthood videos. We have now seen three of them, as they pene-trate into our conscience. 
Let me address first the Planned Par-
enthood videos. It has been now several weeks since the first video came out that showed the supposed doctor that worked for Planned Parenthood cava-lierly discussing how to harvest the or-gans of innocent little unborn—abort-ed, though—babies, and the cavalier approach to that: sitting there over dinner, chatting away as if they were talking about a soccer game or maybe talking about spending the weekend with their family, having a glass of wine and talking about taking organs out of innocent little creatures that are created in God’s image, as we all are, Mr. Speaker. That was video num-ber one. 
It should have shocked us to our core 
to see the attitude, but it didn’t con-firm decisively what was actually going on. It implied—and it was fairly strong evidence—but it didn’t confirm. 
The second video was the older lady 
sitting in a different restaurant, chat-ting along about how a transaction would be to harvest kidneys and lungs and livers and hearts and brains and body parts from innocent babies who just wanted a chance to live and love and laugh and learn; to worship, to grow, to enjoy life—to enjoy that first right, that right to life that comes be-fore the right to liberty, which comes before the right to the pursuit of happi-ness, as our Founding Fathers prioritized those rights in the Declara-tion of Independence, Mr. Speaker. 
b1915 
That lady, in the second video, want-
ed enough out of that, that she—I will use that word again—‘‘cavalierly’’ said: I want a Lamborghini. 
I am sure she would say to us: I was 
just joking. 
Well, to joke about that topic in a 
setting like that, that told me it wasn’t just a casual conversation. There was attention being paid to the business deal that was being nego-tiated, and it didn’t seem like it was conclusive, but there was a direction and a course for that conversation. 
Now, today, we see a third video, a 
video interviewing a young woman who has worked in a Planned Parenthood center whose task was to harvest the organs of little babies. The video shows the separation of that, shows the little feet, the little arms, the little hands. 
It shows the kidneys; it shows the 
brain. It shows the pieces of that little baby that was perfect in every way 
until it was torn apart by the abor-tionist, using a technique, a method-ology that is designed to preserve the most valuable organs so that they can be sold on the market to laboratories and for medical experiments, Mr. Speaker. 
When I saw that video today and I 
saw each of the other two videos when they came out, the first day that one was available, and then I saw one, and I saw the second video as a preview be-fore it came out to the public. 
Either one of those, when I was lis-
tening to the verbiage, certainly told me that there is an evil, evil element within Planned Parenthood, a cavalier attitude, a ‘‘this is the business we do’’ attitude; not a human compassion was exposed in either one of those first two videos. 
I have been in a lot of debates about 
abortion. I have read a lot of material about it. I have listened to a lot of tes-timony about it. Sitting on the Judici-ary Committee, we moved legislation that put an end to partial-birth abor-tion or at least attempted to, and so we have had a lot of life-and-death debates in the Judiciary Committee here in the House of Representatives. 
When I saw the video of the young 
woman talking about the task that she was given, pick up these forceps and begin to separate these organs and sort them out, and these are good, and the lab will take that, and essentially, These will bring good money, let’s make sure we protect them, it sickened me. 
It caused my gut to knot up, Mr. 
Speaker, in a way that reminded me of the first time I walked into a funeral home to see the dead body of a loved one. That is an experience in anybody’s lifetime that you remember. Seeing this video is an experience that I will remember. 
As I watch this Congress and I think 
how Congress is reacting, I am glad that there are investigations going on. I am glad that the Speaker has spoken up on this issue. I am glad that there is a pro-life movement in this country. 
I am glad that there are people that 
are protesting and there are people that are making their positions known to the Supreme Court, to the United States Congress, to the President of the United States. 
However intransigent the President 
will be on this, this is a subject that should have the immediate attention of the Department of Justice. This would be something that Loretta Lynch should be on now, should be conducting an investigation now, should be bring-ing about the evidence and preparing a prosecution against the people that have, essentially, admitted in the vid-eos that they have committed a crime, perhaps multiple crimes. 
This isn’t about there is a piece or 
there is an argument on one side versus an argument on the other side. 
Planned Parenthood says: Well, we 
don’t do it for a profit. We just do this to get our money back out of the costs 
we have to preserve these organs and pass them along. After all, this poor mother is just making a contribution to science, and so we should appreciate that. 
That is not what the Congress 
thought when they passed the laws against trading in little, unborn baby body parts, Mr. Speaker. It is about the law, and the law says thou shall not do such a thing. 
No amount of excusing away; no 
amount of trying to explain that it was with a positive motive, instead of a profit motive; no amount of saying that, Well, that is just our costs, and we are recovering our cost; no amount of saying that the money that comes from the taxpayer into the pockets of Planned Parenthood doesn’t ever go to abortion because it will be said now, hundreds of times, Mr. Speaker, in fact, thousands of times, it will be said: Money is fungible. Money is fungible. Money is fungible. 
If you dump a half a billion dollars 
into Planned Parenthood’s coffers— that is out of the pockets of the tax-payers. We hand them the debt, borrow the money from the Chinese, hand it over to Planned Parenthood, and Planned Parenthood then uses that to run their operation to free up some of their other operations that end up being what they call an operation, which is an abortion, that is snuffing out the lives—we are closing in on 60 million little babies since Roe v. Wade in 1973, closing in on 60 million. 
At the same time, we have people 
that are arguing that we need to open up our borders and let an unlimited number of people come into America because our birthrate is not high enough to replace the people that are dying off as they reach the end of their life. 
Rather than to say let’s bring every 
one of these babies to birth, give them an opportunity to fill their lungs full of free air, give them an opportunity to live, to love, to learn, to laugh, give them an opportunity to contribute to this country, to this society, rather than do that, we abort the babies and bring in people from another culture and think we are making America a better place, when we have the sin of up to 60 million abortions on our coun-try, on our heads, on our conscience, on our Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker, and on this Congress, to a degree, the House and Senate, and certainly on the President of the United States, who said he—and I will leave his family out of it, Mr. Speaker, but I think some know the thought that crossed my mind. 
It is time for this Congress to step up 
to defund Planned Parenthood. I won’t be satisfied with just a moratorium of waiting around for a year while we study this situation and put together maybe a select committee that can look at it for a while longer and hold some hearings in Congress. They are going to look at the videos and listen to the testimony on both sides. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.110 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5585 July 28, 2015 
All that does, Mr. Speaker, is give 
Planned Parenthood an opportunity to spend some of those millions of dollars, some percentage of the half a billion dollars that we send to them out of the taxpayers’ pocket, borrowed from the Chinese, and indebted onto the children that are born, to lobby this Congress to tell us: Well, there is really some good there at Planned Parenthood after all, and so we should continue to fund them. 
That is what we are faced with, Mr. 
Speaker. 
The object is this: Shut off all fund-
ing to Planned Parenthood; they should not receive one dime of tax-payer dollars further. 
There has been a strong movement 
on this over the years since the time I have been here, and the States want to move, too, Mr. Speaker. The States want to shut off funding to Planned Parenthood. 
They are afraid that Congress, or the 
President of the United States, through one of his executive edicts, will order that the funding going to a State that would cut off the funding to Planned Parenthood would be cut off itself, that their Medicaid money might be stopped by this administra-tion if a State would deign to cut off funding and no longer subsidize Planned Parenthood. 
Mr. Speaker, this Congress needs to 
deal with this. We need to give the States all authority to cut off any funds, in the discretion of their own legislature and Governors, any funds that go to any organization that pro-vides abortion. They will call it serv-ices or counseling. 
If we do that, then we can restore a 
component of the culture of life in this country. If we do that, we begin to re-spect and appreciate innocent, unborn human life, we will see families that will grow. We will see children that are cherished. We will see more and more foundation of education and faith and wholesomeness in our country. 
If we turn our backs on those inno-
cent, unborn, little babies that are being systematically aborted, while we are subsidizing Planned Parenthood with borrowed tax dollars, under the guise of somehow they do some good, this is evil, Mr. Speaker. What is hap-pening to these innocent babies and what is happening to the mothers is evil, and it is evil for profit. It is on video, and we have seen three of these videos, Mr. Speaker. We are not done yet. 
This Congress should not just pledge 
to study this for a year. This Con-gress—and we go forward with funding for the fiscal year, next fiscal year, we have got the witching hour, September 30, at midnight. 
It is likely to come as a continuing 
resolution. That continuing resolution has to have in it the language that will cut off the funding to Planned Parent-hood. I will cut it off to any organiza-tion that provides abortion, as they say, services or counseling. That subject is on the front of my 
mind, Mr. Speaker, and I wanted to get that off of my chest. 
NATIONAL SECURITY  
Mr. KING of Iowa. The next piece 
that I want to talk about is our na-tional security. As we are watching presidential debates unfold—and our 16 or so candidates that are announced for President of the United States, I am grateful for every one of them. 
I have never seen such a field of can-
didates that step up and want to serve this country from the Oval Office, the high quality of the character and the integrity that they have, the varied ex-perience, and the success that they have demonstrated in their lives. There have been a lot of easier times to win the Republican nomination than there is now, Mr. Speaker. 
As I look at the candidates that are 
out there—and I have been tuning my ear, encouraging them—I have yet to hear any of the candidates deliver a compact, inclusive approach to how to defeat Islamic jihad. 
I listen to them speak, and I like the 
components that I hear from them. One of them says: We win; they lose. 
I like that; but how are we going to 
do that? We need a strategy. 
One of them says: If you attack us, 
we will kill you. 
Okay. Well, let’s kill them first. That 
is fine with me. They have declared war on us. 
ISIS, for example, has established a 
caliphate. They declare it to be a ca-liphate. It is a caliphate. In northern Syria and in north and western Iraq, that real estate that they control is a caliphate, and they threaten all of the rest of the region, and they threaten us. They say that their black flag is going to fly over the White House. Well, some would say that will be a cold day, Mr. Speaker. 
We have seen some dramatic changes 
in history over the last few years. I would say to the United States: We need to step up to this. We need to rec-ognize our enemy. We need to defeat our enemies. 
Our enemies are Islamic jihad, and 
Islamic jihad is comprised of the ele-ment within Islam that believes that their path to salvation is in killing us and that they can bring out some kind of worldwide revolution where, in the end, it will just be the purest of the pure of Islamists that are left on the planet. They will have killed every-body else; and all, whoever is left, must knuckle down to sharia law. 
We need to defeat the ideology, Mr. 
Speaker, and when I say defeat the ide-ology, and I am speaking to a group of people, I will often see that look on their face, such as: Why do you think you can defeat an ideology? You can’t defeat an ideology. You can’t change a culture. You can’t defeat ideology. 
I recall one of those rebuttals that 
came to me, and I said, tell that to the Japanese. In fact, in World War II, in a 3
1⁄2year period of time, this country, 
with our allies, very powerfully, this country defeated three ideologies: the 
ideology of Japanese imperialism, the ideology of Italian fascism, and the ideology of German nazism. 
All three of those ideologies went 
down in flames in a 3
1⁄2year period of 
time, in the face of—I will say this, Mr. Speaker—the superior culture. 
The Western civilization, a superior 
culture that has a robust free enter-prise, that has people that volunteer to 
engage in the economy, into the mili-tary, that reach out and pull each other up the ladder. 
This robust United States of Amer-
ica, coupled with our allies, reaching across the map of Western civilization, rose up, rose up and defeated three ideologies in a 3
1⁄2year period of time 
in the Second World War; and then it took on a fourth ideology, which was the Russian version of communism. That took about 45 years. They were a little more tenacious. 
It was not then just a kinetic oper-
ation. It wasn’t just going up in flames. I am grateful that it wasn’t. Instead, it was the economic and then political collapse of the Soviet Union brought about this way. 
b2030 
Ronald Reagan saw this. Margaret 
Thatcher saw it. Margaret Thatcher went to Ronald Reagan and said: With Mikhail Gorbachev, I have found a man with whom we can do business. 
I don’t quite understand the motive 
of Gorbachev, and he seems to have a little bit of revisionist history that comes out of him from time to time. 
But I also know that Pope John Paul 
II traveled throughout areas of Europe and went into Poland and told them do not despair because they could be a free people. 
The forces of the ideology of western 
civilization, western Christendom, as Churchill described it in his speech in Fulton, Missouri, are the forces that stood up against Russian communism. 
In about 1984, when Jeane Kirk-
patrick stepped down as Ambassador to the United Nations under Reagan, she made a statement upon her departure which was this. 
She said: What is going on in this 
cold war—and that was near the height of the cold war—what is going on is Monopoly and chess on the same board. The United States and the Soviet Union are playing chess and Monopoly on the same board. It is just that the only question is: Will the United States of America bankrupt the Soviet Union economically before the Soviet Union checkmates the United States mili-tarily? 
That was the question. It was suc-
cinctly put. And I believe that will also show up on her Wikipedia page, but I happened to find it in the Des Moines Register back in that year, 1984. 
Jeane Kirkpatrick was right. Five 
years later the Soviet Union imploded. On November 9 the wall went down in Berlin, and that was a symbol. Actu-ally, I will say literally the Iron Cur-tain came crashing down throughout 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.111 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5586 July 28, 2015 
Berlin and the Iron Curtain all across 
Europe went crashing down. 
People flowed freely back and forth. 
The free world had defeated the ide-ology of communism that was the So-viet version of it. For a time, freedom echoed all the way across Eastern Eu-rope all the way to the Pacific Ocean. And it can be restored again, Mr. Speaker. 
That is the foundation that we have 
that we work with. We are the people that—because of free enterprise, be-cause we have idea people with good educations and a solid moral founda-tion and a good work ethic, this coun-try has generated more patents than anybody else, created more inventions than anyone else, but cooperated with especially the western world and with the creativity that we have. 
We have been able to rise up against 
ideology after ideology, defeat three of them during World War II and defeat Soviet communism in a 45-year period of the cold war. 
Now we are faced with another ide-
ology that rises up to challenges: Is-lamic jihad. If you go back to the time of Mohammed, about the last 20 years of his life and for 100 years after his death, there was a conquest going on of—shall I call them religious conver-sions by the sword? And, as the con-quest was going on, Islam was invading and occupying most of the known world at the time. 
By 732 AD, Mr. Speaker, the 
Islamists were outside the city of Tours in France when Charles Martel brought his infantry into the trees to face the cavalry charge of the Islamists. 
And cavalries don’t operate very well 
in the forest, Mr. Speaker, and that is how the Charles Martel, Charles The Hammer’s infantry defeated them there and chased them out of Tours and across the plains and left their 
bones scattered a long ways back to-wards Spain. That was 732 AD. 
And you can fast-forward again and 
again to catch some of the milestones: In 1571, the battle of Lepanto where an Islamist navy was sunk by the Holy League navy that went to meet them in the Aegean Sea. 
You can go to 1683, when Vienna was 
surrounded by Islamists of the time. On July 14, they surrounded Vienna, and for more than 2 months—they be-sieged Vienna for roughly 2 months. 
And then, on September 11, the three 
German infantries under three German kings and Jan Sobieski, the Polish king, brought his cavalry, they held a service at Kahlenberg Church, which was razed. It was in ruins at the hands of the Islamists. 
But they held a service there in the 
evening of September 11 and prayed for God’s deliverance of their battle the next day that it already enjoined on September 11 and the deliverance of Vi-enna, which happened, as in the famous battle of Vienna, September 11 and 12, 1683. 
It goes on. Then September 11 be-
came the date that lived in infamy for the people who attacked us on Sep-
tember 11, 2001—New York, Pentagon, and Pennsylvania—and then again on September 11, 2012, Benghazi. 
That date means something to them. 
It ought to mean something to us. They have been fighting western civili-zation for 1,400 years, and they have been adapting themselves to the tech-nology that is created in the western world, creating very little themselves, but borrowing our technology, Mr. Speaker. 
And some of that technology that is 
now being borrowed is the Internet, the Internet that is being used to inspire and to recruit and to direct the Islamists that are attacking Americans and attacking people that are not in alignment with ISIS and with Islamic jihad. 
That is the effort that is coming and 
the ability that they have to use the Internet to coordinate and commu-nicate. They will say as high as 100,000 tweets and emails and communications a day are coming out of ISIS and Is-lamic jihad in the broader definition of it. As high as 100,000 a day. 
We need to bring about warfare 
against them. And it means not just defensive warfare to protect ourselves, but offensive warfare to attack them through the same medium that they are using to attack us. 
So here is the list. It is not just a ki-
netic war against them, which they have declared against us, the kinetic war. 
We need to do cyber warfare, finan-
cial warfare, educational warfare against them. We need to build a strong alliance with especially the moderate Muslim countries in the Mid-dle East, those who should be our allies but for being a—let’s say given the short end of the stick from our State Department during this administra-tion. 
And I am speaking of countries like 
Egypt; the United Arab Emirates, for example; Jordan, to a lesser degree. But they are natural allies to the United States. They are natural allies. In fact, they are allies to Israel today. They have been attacking our Islamist enemies in that part of the world. 
The Egyptians allowed for planes to 
fly out of there, to fly into Yemen. And the Emirates sent some of their Air Force there. You have seen the Saudis do the same thing. 
We can build an alliance in the Mid-
dle East with Saudi Arabia, whom I have got slightly less confidence in than I do in Egypt, and in the United Arab Emirates, with Jordan, and, also, working in cooperation with Israel. 
When President el-Sisi of Egypt says 
to me that his relationship with Prime Minister Netanyahu is stronger with Egypt and Israel and President el-Sisi and Prime Minister Netanyahu strong-er than it is with the United States, we should be troubled by that, Mr. Speak-er. 
We should be troubled by a foreign 
policy that has alienated the Egyp-tians, that has caused the UAE to won-
der: What is America doing? Why are we paving the road to Damascus for our enemies? Why would we consider doing such a thing? 
So this strategy, a strategy that I 
have put into an op-ed in the National Review, which was just published here in the last couple of days, Mr. Speaker, lays out a strategy to conduct cyber warfare, both offensive and defensive, and economic warfare to shut off the funds that are flowing to Islamic jihad wherever they might be flowing from, wherever they might be flowing through, whoever might be doing busi-ness with them and thinking they are going to profit. 
We have got to turn that the other 
way. And then we need to shut down and shut off, if we can—and this is the most difficult component of the task— the educational system out there that is teaching this kind of hatred into the next generation. Build alliances with the moderate Muslim countries, as I have said, encourage them. 
We need to be arming the Kurds with 
everything that we can get to the Kurds, everything the Kurds can use. And that doesn’t mean send it through Baghdad to get the Baghdad stamp of approval. It means directly to the Kurds along with special operation forces that could be on the ground with the Kurds and call in airstrikes and support the Kurds as one jaw of the vice that will squeeze ISIS in Iraq and in Syria. 
The other jaw of the vice is a nat-
ural. It is already there. It is Assad. And when those two jaws of the vice to come together and crush ISIS, by that point, we can take a look at Assad and decide how to approach the power that may be left in Syria at that point in time. 
This is just a quick list, Mr. Speaker, 
of a strategy to defeat the ideology of Islamic jihad. The time has come for us to do that. 
I want to see a Presidential can-
didate—or 16 of them, I hope—who can articulate a vision to bring about the defeat of this enemy that has been bringing battle against western civili-zation for 1,400 years, that targets the United States of America as the great Satan and the center of their efforts. They would like to destroy all of the United States of America. 
And while this is going on, we have 
got a treaty proposal from the Presi-dent of the United States with Iran. In the spring or summer of 2008, as a can-didate, he said to Iran: Mr. 
Ahmadinejad, if you will unclench your fist, we will extend our hand. I would remind the public of that, Mr. Speaker. 
Because that fist is still clenched in 
Iran. And the President is poised to hand over $150 billion to the Iranian economy that will juice that economy up. 
It will allow them to bring conven-
tional weaponry to bear. It will allow them to fund more Hezbollah. It will allow them to continue to develop the most recent version of centrifuges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.113 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5587 July 28, 2015 
And even if they comply, in 10 years, 
the situation is set up where, rather than one weapon, it is 100 weapons, ICBMs sticking out of the sand in the Middle East, Mr. Speaker. 
There is much to be done for this 
western civilization. We need to strengthen our culture. We need to be-lieve in who we are. We need to sort the best things out of what we are and strengthen them. We need to cull out the weaknesses that we have. And we need a leader whom God will use to re-store the soul of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia (at the re-
quest of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of attending the funeral serv-ices for U.S. Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Randall Smith. 
Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for July 27 and today on 
account of official business. 
Mr. L EVIN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today after 4:30 p.m. and 
the balance of the week on account of official business at Trans Pacific Trade Partnership. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1482. An act to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2308. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-
thorizing Captain John W. Korka to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half), in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2309. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Law and Policy, Legal Division, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — 2013 Integrated Mortgage Disclosures Rule Under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) and Amendments; Delay of Effective Date [Docket No.: CFPB-2015-0029) (RIN: 3170-AA48) received July 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2310. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Maine: Alna, Town of Lincoln County [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8387] received July 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2311. A letter from the Director, Financial 
Crimes Enforcement Network, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Imposition of Special Measure against FBME Bank Ltd., formerly known as the Federal Bank of the Middle East Ltd., as a Financial Institution of Pri-mary Money Laundering Concern (RIN: 1506- AB27) received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2312. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Per-formance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting Products; Fluoroscopic Equipment; Correction; Confirmation of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-0828] received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2313. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Removal of Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board Regulations received July 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2314. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 140117052-4402-02] (RIN: 0648-XD985) received July 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2315. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial 
Conference of the United States, transmit-ting draft legislation entitled ‘‘Federal Dis-trict Judgeship Act of 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
2316. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Veterans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Update to NFPA Standards, In-corporation by Reference (RIN: 2900-AO90) received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 2317. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the Attor-ney General’s Third Quarterly Report of FY 2015 on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursu-ant to the Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-389); jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
(Omitted from the Record of July 27, 2015) 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 1656. A bill to provide for addi-tional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas; with an amendment (Rept. 114–231). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state or the Union. 
(Filed on July 28, 2015) 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 455. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to conduct a northern border threat analysis, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–232). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 2786. A bill to require the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to submit a report on cross-border rail security, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–233). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 388. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for the removal or demotion of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an ex-tension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–234). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, and Ms. M ENG): 
H.R. 3231. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal government from workplace harass-ment and discrimination, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, and Ms. M ENG): 
H.R. 3232. A bill to protect unpaid interns 
from workplace harassment and discrimina-tion; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, and Ms. M ENG): 
H.R. 3233. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Accountability Act of 1995 to protect unpaid interns in the legislative branch from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.114 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5588 July 28, 2015 
workplace harassment and discrimination, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mrs. ROBY: 
H.R. 3234. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs an Office of Failing Medical Center Recovery, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for 
herself and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania): 
H.R. 3235. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to authorize the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. 
R
YAN of Wisconsin, and Mr. M ILLER  
of Florida): 
H.R. 3236. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, Science, Space, and Technology, Natural Re-sources, Veterans’ Affairs, Education and the Workforce, the Budget, and Homeland Secu-rity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3237. A bill to authorize the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to award grants for municipal solid waste prevention and recycling program de-velopment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for him-
self, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. A MASH , and Mr. 
JONES ): 
H.R. 3238. A bill to lift the trade embargo 
on Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Finan-cial Services, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for him-
self, Mr. K
LINE, and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY ): 
H.R. 3239. A bill to provide enhanced secu-
rity at Armed Forces recruitment centers through the installation of reinforced bullet- proof glass and entry doors; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 3240. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to carry out a plan for the pur-chase and installation of an earthquake early warning system for the Cascadia Subduction Zone, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 3241. A bill to amend title I of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to authorize the establishment of, and provide support for, State-based universal health care systems that provide comprehensive health benefits to State residents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, Oversight and 
Government Reform, Armed Services, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-
self and Ms. E
STY): 
H.R. 3242. A bill to require special pack-
aging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. 
NEAL): 
H.R. 3243. A bill to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to clarify waiver author-ity regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs); to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for 
herself, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Mr. R EED, and Mr. S CHRADER ): 
H.R. 3244. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a pilot pro-gram to improve care for the most costly Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries through the use of comprehensive and effec-tive care management while reducing costs to the Federal Government for these bene-ficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: 
H.R. 3245. A bill to prohibit the Federal 
Government from contracting with entities that donate or match employee donations to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3246. A bill to provide for the tem-
porary use of Veterans Choice Funds for cer-tain programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FLEISCHMANN (for himself 
and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 3247. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to exempt covered heavy-duty tow and recovery vehicles from certain weight limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself 
and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): 
H.R. 3248. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to carry out a pilot program on issuing grants to eligible veterans to start or acquire qualifying busi-nesses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. 
By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mr. 
P
ALAZZO , and Mr. K ELLY of Mis-
sissippi): H.R. 3249. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture to convey to the Pat Harrison Waterway District approximately 8,307 acres of National Forest System land within the Bienville National Forests in Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself 
and Ms. M
ATSUI ): 
H.R. 3250. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prevent the abuse of dextromethorphan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 3251. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to exclude coverage of advance care planning services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 3252. A bill to provide grants to eligi-
ble entities to develop and maintain or im-prove and expand before school, afterschool, and summer school programs for Indian and Alaska Native students, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 3253. A bill to establish procedures for 
the expedited consideration by Congress of the recommendations set forth in the Cuts, Consolidations, and Savings report prepared by the Office of Management and Budget; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.R. 3254. A bill to amend the Dale Long 
Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improve-ments Act of 2012 to change the retroactive application of the Act to cover injuries sus-tained by rescue squad or ambulance crew members on or after December 1, 2007, rather than June 1, 2009; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. 
CUELLAR , and Mr. C ONAWAY ): 
H.R. 3255. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come certain amounts realized on the dis-position of property raised or produced by a student farmer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. 
COOK, Mr. L ONG, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
KATKO , and Mr. C ULBERSON ): 
H.R. 3256. A bill to require each agency to 
repeal or revise 1 or more existing regula-tions before issuing a new regulation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. 
P
OLIS, Mr. C OOK, and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK ): 
H.R. 3257. A bill to amend section 6906 of 
title 31, United States Code, to provide fund-ing for the payment in lieu of taxes program for an additional five years, to provide a five-year extension of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Agriculture, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5589 July 28, 2015 
a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself, Ms. 
S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and 
Mrs. B USTOS ): 
H.R. 3258. A bill to amend the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to establish a scholarship program for dislocated workers or unemployed individuals transitioning into manufacturing employment; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 3259. A bill to grant authority to the 
President to detain non-diplomatic officials of the Government of Iran in the United States and non-diplomatic officials of the Government of Iran in certain other coun-tries until all United States citizens held by the Government of Iran are released and re-turned to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
C
LAY, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
NORTON , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 3260. A bill to require all newly con-
structed, federally assisted, single-family houses and town houses to meet minimum standards of visitability for persons with dis-abilities; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
G
RIJALVA , Mr. F ARR, Ms. P INGREE , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
DEGETTE , and Mr. M CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 3261. A bill to amend part D of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to deliver a meaningful benefit and lower prescription drug prices under the Medicare Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 3262. A bill to provide for the convey-
ance of land of the Illiana Health Care Sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 3263. A bill to make innovative tech-
nology loan guarantee support available for battery storage technologies; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 3264. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the Saver’s cred-it, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3265. A bill to simplify the process for 
determining the need and eligibility of stu-dents for financial assistance under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
R
EED): 
H.R. 3266. A bill to improve the produc-
tivity and energy efficiency of the manufac-turing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Academies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manu-facturing plan and to provide assistance to small- and medium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 3267. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of pay-roll and self-employment taxes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. S
CHRA -
DER, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
JOLLY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. J ONES , Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Mr. S MITH of New Jer-
sey, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. B RAT, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. M ICA, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
POSEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
VELA, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. S ALMON , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ALVERT , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Mr. H ANNA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. C OOK, Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. T URNER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
NUGENT , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. D OLD, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mrs. B EATTY ): 
H.R. 3268. A bill to amend the Horse Pro-
tection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3269. A bill to implement the Conven-
tion on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3270. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to exempt In-dian tribes from compensatory mitigation requirements in connection with certain dis-charges of dredged or fill material, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3271. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to allow preser-vation leasing as a form of compensatory mitigation for discharges of dredged or fill material affecting State or Indian land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mrs. 
DINGELL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. 
POCAN ): 
H. Con. Res. 65. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress regarding the upgrading of Malaysia on the 2015 Traf-ficking In Persons report; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. 
H
OYER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. 
UPTON , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. B LUM, 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. D ENT, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ARTER  
of Georgia, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. B EYER , and Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida): 
H. Con. Res. 66. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEADOWS: 
H. Res. 385. A resolution declaring the of-
fice of Speaker of the House of Representa-tives vacant; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. 
G
RIJALVA , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Ms. H AHN, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and 
Ms. T ITUS): 
H. Res. 386. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the availability of high-quality child care for working parents should be increased; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5590 July 28, 2015 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H. Res. 387. A resolution electing a Member 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , and Mr. H ANNA ): 
H. Res. 389. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to lower the threshold at which the gross budg-etary effect of a piece of legislation requires the cost estimates provided for the legisla-tion to incorporate macroeconomic variables resulting from the legislation, and to require the cost estimates provided for appropriation bills and joint resolutions to incorporate such variables; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Mr. D ENT, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T AKANO , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, and Mr. F ATTAH ): 
H. Res. 390. A resolution recognizing July 
28, 2015, as ‘‘World Hepatitis Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 391. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of August 22, 2015, as national ‘‘Chuck Brown Day’’ and honoring his con-tributions to music and to the District of Co-lumbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. HUNTER introduced a bill (H.R. 
3272) for the relief of Myles Newlove; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 3231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 3232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 3233. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mrs. ROBY: 
H.R. 3234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 3235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I of the United States 
Consitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 3236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting Taxes, and providing for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have the power to make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: 
H.R. 3238. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 to regulate Commerce 
with Foreign Nations. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: 
H.R. 3239. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United Sates, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 3240. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 3241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: 
H.R. 3242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and cluase 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for the carrying out of the powers vested in Congress). 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 3243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 3244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 as applied to the Medi-care program under Title 18 of the Social Se-curity Act. 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: 
H.R. 3245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 states that: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, and to 
pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article 1, Section 9 states that: ‘‘No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations by Law.’’ 
These two clauses provide Congress with 
the ‘‘power of the purse.’’ Congress has the Constitutional authority regarding author-izing and appropriating Federal spending on Federal government contracts. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article I, section 8 of the 
United States Constitution, this legislation is authorized by Congress’ power to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: 
H.R. 3247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, 7 and 18 of 
the Constitution of the United States 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 3248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority for this bill is 
pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 3249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Property Regulation, Federal Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 3250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 3251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 3252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. Section 1. All legislative Powers 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
18. To make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and power for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 3253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. Section 1. All legislative Powers 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
18. To make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and power for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.R. 3254. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5591 July 28, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Wel-
fare Clause)—the Congress shall have Power to law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the Common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, and Im-posts and Excises shall be uniform through-out the United States. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause)—the Congress shall have Power . . . to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. MEADOWS: 
H.R. 3257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. Section 8, 18 To make all laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. NORCROSS: 
H.R. 3258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 3259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 3260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 3261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 3262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 3263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 3264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 3267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. YOHO: 
H.R. 3268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 3272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, which pro-
vides Congress the power to establish a uni-form Rule of Naturalization. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 93: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 132: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 169: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois and Mrs. 
BLACK . 
H.R. 188: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 220: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 223: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 228: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 244: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 275: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 303: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
CRENSHAW , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 320: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 333: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 348: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 366: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 407: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mrs. 
TORRES . 
H.R. 425: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. S WALWELL  
of California. 
H.R. 456: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 478: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 525: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 556: Mr. W ALZand Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 578: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 592: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 624: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 699: Ms. B ASSand Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 702: Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. 
CULBERSON . 
H.R. 757: Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 765: Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
MARCHANT , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 785: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 793: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 800: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 816: Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 836: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 842: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 845: Mr. R OSKAM and Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 875: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 902: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 916: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. K EATING , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 940: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . 
H.R. 961: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 969: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas, and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 994: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 997: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1061: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. 
BEATTY , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan and 
Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1100: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M URPHY of Flor-
ida, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C ON-
YERS , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1133: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1150: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1199: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. W IL-
LIAMS . 
H.R. 1217: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1270: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 1286: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1301: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1312: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
COURTNEY . 
H.R. 1340: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
ZELDIN , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1347: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1354: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1371: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. 
RENACCI . 
H.R. 1391: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. S HERMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Aug 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H28JY5.REC H28JY5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5592 July 28, 2015 
H.R. 1439: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. E STYand Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1479: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1490: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1505: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1552: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1553: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P ITTENGER , and 
Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 1603: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. A BRAHAM , and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska. 
H.R. 1610: Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
MACARTHUR , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S TEFANIK , and 
Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1686: Mr. R YAN of Ohio and Mr. 
PETERS . 
H.R. 1706: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS . 
H.R. 1748: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
ROSS, and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1786: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1877: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1899: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1902: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1904: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1905: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1934: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. R OKITA and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
JOYCE , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C UELLAR , 
and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 2067: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2071: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2101: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2102: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2132: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 2180: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2216: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2217: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2241: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2254: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 2258: Mr. A BRAHAM and Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2285: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. 
MESSER . 
H.R. 2327: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2336: Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 2342: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2369: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. L ABRADOR , and 
Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 2404: Mrs. N OEMand Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2410: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 2412: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 2450: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mrs. 
LOWEY . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2514: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
BRADY of Texas. 
H.R. 2521: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2535: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. H.R. 2536: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2602: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
EDWARDS , and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2622: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. P ETER -
SON. 
H.R. 2624: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2638: Mr. K ENNEDY and Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. T ITUS, and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2653: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2661: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Mr. 
DELANEY . 
H.R. 2675: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. C OLLINS  
of Georgia. 
H.R. 2711: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas, and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2713: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. L EE, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2721: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H.R. 2742: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. D OLD, Mr. K IND, Mr. M EE-
HAN, and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2769: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2775: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota, and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 2817: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2820: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. H UDSON , and 
Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2823: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2849: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mrs. 
LOWEY , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2863: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio. 
H.R. 2873: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2875: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2892: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 2894: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 2922: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 2942: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2944: Mr. G UINTA and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2948: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2972: Mrs. B EATTY and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2978: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2999: Mr. C OSTA and Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3011: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3029: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 3037: Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 3040: Mr. N EALand Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3041: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3052: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 3064: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 3068: Mr. N OLAN and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3095: Mr. Y OHO, Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. 
MCGOVERN . 
H.R. 3106: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 3110: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 3115: Mr. W ALKER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
SIMPSON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
PALMER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RIGELL , and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 3120: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and 
Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 3126: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. G RIFFITH , 
and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 3129: Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. M ULVANEY , 
and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 3132: Mrs. L OWEY and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3134: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M URPHY of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 3137: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 3139: Mr. K LINE, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. 
GOODLATTE . 
H.R. 3150: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. 
JACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 3151: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 3155: Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 3156: Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Ms. M OORE , and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 3158: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama and Ms. 
MOORE . 
H.R. 3163: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3165: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3183: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 3184: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3185: Mr. K IND, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and 
Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3188: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
KINGof Iowa. 
H.R. 3189: Mr. G ARRETT and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 3190: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 3193: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. 
HIMES. 
H.R. 3197: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. F LEMING , Mrs. R OBY, and 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 3209: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 3221: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. T AKAI, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mr. N EAL. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. C OLE, and 
Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M CGOV-
ERNand Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts. 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. W OODALL . 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. H IG-
GINS. 
H. Res. 15: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. F ARR. 
H. Res. 24: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. H IMES. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H. Res. 110: Mr. C OOPER . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H. Res. 230: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. C APUANO , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H. Res. 263: Mr. R UIZ. 
H. Res. 265: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia. 
H. Res. 289: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H. Res. 290: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 294: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut. 
H. Res. 318: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H. Res. 327: Mr. S WALWELL of California 
and Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 339: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H. Res. 348: Mr. P OCAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.045 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5593 July 28, 2015 
H. Res. 354: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. N AD-
LER, and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H. Res. 367: Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H. Res. 368: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
POCAN , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 374: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H. Res. 378: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H. Res. 383: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. U PTON , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R OSS, Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. V EASEY . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 or rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. BENISHEK  
My amendment to be offered to H.R. 1994, 
the VA Accountability Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BY MR. BISHOP OF UTAH 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 3236, the Surface Transportation and Vet-erans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. KLINE 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Education and the Work-force in H.R. 3236 do not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. MCCAUL 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 3236 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. MILLER  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Veterans Affairs in H.R. 3236 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. PRICE 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 3236, the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-
fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. RYAN OF WISCONSIN  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 3236, the ‘‘Surface Transportation and Vet-erans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives. 
O
FFERED BY MR. SHUSTER  
H.R. 3236, does not contain any congres-
sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. SMITH OF TEXAS  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology in H.R. 3236, the ‘‘Surface Transpor-tation and Veterans Health Care Choice Im-provement Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. UPTON  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 3236 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.049 H28JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6045 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 2015 No. 120 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Most gracious God, we rejoice in the 
visible manifestation of Your love. You save us from ourselves, opening to us paths of deliverance from narcissistic detours. When we go astray, You see and save us. You came to our world to free us from sin’s shackles, providing us with the rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Great and marvelous is Your love. 
Lord, permit our Senators this day to 
reflect Your love. Use them to bring Your light and truth to our Nation and world. May they do justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with You. Inspire them to dwell so fully in the mystery of Your heavenly love that they will love others as You have first loved them. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
ORDER FOR RECESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. today to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings; further, that the 
time during the recess count postcloture on the McConnell amend-ment No. 2266, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
the Senate continues to move closer and closer to passage of a bipartisan, multiyear highway bill. The legislation we advanced again last night is fiscally responsible. It will not raise taxes by a penny. It will give State and local gov-ernments the kind of stability they need to plan longer term projects for America’s roads and bridges. 
The bill couldn’t have advanced as 
far as it has already without a lot of very hard work from a lot of dedicated Members. I want to thank each of them. Doing the right thing for the American people has meant taking some bruises. But the American people sent us here to do some challenging things. They deserve our best efforts on their behalf. I am proud to see the Sen-ate continue along this difficult but promising road. 
Success was never assured at the be-
ginning of this process. It wasn’t as-sured even yesterday, and we are not done yet. The important thing is that the Senate is now on the verge of pass-ing a multiyear highway bill. The Sen-ate is now positioned to pass another important piece of legislation for the American people. With cooperation, the Senate may still be able to con-sider more germane ideas to improve the bill even further. But the bottom line is this: If Republicans and Demo-crats resolve to keep working hard for the American people, we will get this done. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
BLACK WOMEN’S EQUAL PAY DAY 
Mr. REID. Madam President, in the 
western part of the United States, it is now 8:05 in the morning. I am sure as one of these young girls is rushing to go out to school—let’s assume she is an African-American girl—she is telling her mother, her dad or her teacher what she wants to be when she grows up. Maybe she wants to be a veteri-narian, a teacher, a nurse, maybe even President of the United States or maybe run some company. 
The little girl is going to be shocked 
if her parents said: You can do it—any of those jobs—but remember that you will have to work twice as hard—at least twice as hard—to earn the same amount of money that your male col-leagues do or your brother does or Billy, the neighbor, does. How would that little girl respond? She would probably exclaim: That is not fair. She would be right. It isn’t fair. It is an in-justice. 
Earlier this spring—April 14 to be 
exact—we recognized Equal Pay Day, marking how far into this year the av-erage woman has to work to earn what a man, for the exact same job, earned last year. This pay disparity between men and women doing the same work is known as the wage gap. On average, an American woman makes 77 cents for every dollar that their male colleague makes for doing the exact same work. As bad as that is, the wage gap is even much worse if you are a woman of color. 
Today is Black Women’s Equal Pay 
Day, a day that symbolizes how far into 2015 African-American women must work to earn what their male counterparts earned in 2014. What this means is she worked all of last year and now up until this day to basically 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.000 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6046 July 28, 2015 
earn the same that her male counter-
part did. 
Let’s think about that for just a sec-
ond. A woman must work a full year plus an additional 6 months and 28 days just to make what her male coworkers made in 1 year. That is 208 days more than a man must work for the exact same salary. 
The average African-American 
woman working full time year-round will make 64 cents for every dollar that her White male counterpart makes. It is unconscionable that in the 21st cen-tury we have not resolved this income disparity. 
For millions of African-American 
women struggling to make ends meet to put food on the table, the wage gap puts the American dream out of reach. To give these women a fair shot—an equal shot—at prosperity, Congress must take action. 
We have to ensure that all women, 
African American and otherwise, are empowered to ensure that they are re-ceiving equal pay for equal work. But that is not all. We should raise the minimum wage. 
I could do a quiz in this room, and I 
think everyone would miss it by quite a long mark, of how many Black women are earning minimum wage, what percentage of Black women are earning minimum wage in this coun-try. Of 100 percent of people earning the minimum wage, what percentage is Black women? Almost 25 percent. Black women are almost 25 percent of everyone drawing the minimum wage. To be exact, it is a little over 23 per-cent. 
An increase in the Federal minimum 
wage would mean more money for their families. It would be maybe to buy gro-ceries or for an extra pair of shoes for their children—or a pair of shoes for their children—or maybe to help with their education in some way, and im-portantly, for more time to spend at home. 
No woman should make less money 
than a man doing the same exact work. African-American women deserve bet-ter. So do my daughters and my grand-daughters. That is why I remain com-mitted to ensuring that American women receive equal pay for equal work. 
I encourage all Republicans, espe-
cially the leader, to take up Senator M
URRAY ’s Paycheck Fairness Act, 
which would help close the wage dis-parity for African-American women. 
That may be a tall order to expect 
from today’s Senate Republicans. After all, five times in 5 years, Republicans have blocked equal pay for women. How? By filibustering. Five times in 5 years Republicans have told their very own sisters, daughters, and wives that they are not interested in fixing this income disparity. It is unfair. I can’t understand it. 
Who here can explain the concept of 
pay inequality to their daughter or granddaughter without shuddering? How do you tell a little girl—a little girl with big dreams—that in America 
today her life’s work will not be com-pensated like a man’s. It is not right. It is not fair. 
Today, as we recognize Black Wom-
en’s Equal Pay Day, I hope my Repub-lican colleagues will finally understand that it is unfair to continue the way we are, and we should finally come to our senses. I hope that the Republican leader will make the necessary moves to allow us to address this injustice that hurts millions of American fami-lies. Twenty-three percent of people drawing the minimum wage are Afri-can-American women. All women de-serve equal pay for equal work. 
Would the Chair be good enough to 
tell the Senate what the business of the day is. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 22, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
McConnell modified amendment No. 2266, 
in the nature of a substitute. 
McConnell amendment No. 2421 (to amend-
ment No. 2266), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell (for Inhofe) amendment No. 2533 
(to amendment No. 2421), relating to Federal- aid highways and highway safety construc-tion programs. 
McConnell amendment No. 2417 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2266), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2418 (to amend-
ment No. 2417), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, the 
business before the Senate is the con-struction of highways and bridges and the operation of mass transit and buses across America. How important is that to our economy? I know in my home State it is critically important, but I think it is important across the Na-tion. 
Our infrastructure, our roads, and 
bridges are critical for business to op-erate profitably and for people to have good-paying jobs. We all know the tragedies that occur when bridges col-lapse or are closed, and we know that thousands across this country need re-pair. 
When it comes to mass transit, come 
on down to the Loop in Chicago in the morning and stand with me and watch the folks streaming out of the train stations and off the CTA and off the 
buses, headed to work every day. It is essential to the economy of Chicago and Illinois, the State I represent. 
The fact is that on Friday the au-
thorization to build these highways and bridges and maintain mass transit and buses expires. It is the 33rd short- term extension of the highway trust fund—the 33rd. There was a time when we would pass with regularity and pre-dictability a 5- or 6-year highway bill on a bipartisan basis, and we are anx-ious to do it. 
There was a time when Members of 
the House and Senate knew the needs back home and knew that the Federal Government played a critical role in filling those needs, and so they voted for the highway trust fund reauthoriza-tion. 
In my State of Illinois, 80 percent of 
the highway construction is paid for by the Federal Government. When the Federal Government stops paying, folks stop working. You have seen it; haven’t you—the potholes, the high-ways that aren’t finished? You wonder why in the heck did they put all those blockades up and slow down the traffic and nobody is working. 
The problem has to do with the way 
we are currently funding our highway program. We are doing it in bits and pieces. My colleague and friend from California, Senator B
OXER , draws a 
pretty interesting analogy. She said that if you were setting out to buy a home and went to the bank, and the bank said that, of course, we will offer you a mortgage, and here is a 60-day mortgage to buy your home, you would say: Wait a minute; I am not going to make an investment such as buying a home if I can only get a loan for 60 days. That is what has happened to the highway trust fund. The expiration of this temporary authorization on Fri-day is the end of a 60-day mortgage which we have offered to America to build highways. 
Well, several Members of the Senate 
decided to do something unique—not totally unique but unusual, let’s say— to try to find a bipartisan compromise that can move this country forward, try to break through some of the rhet-oric and debate on the highway trust fund and find something that works. 
I wish to especially salute Senator 
B
ARBARA BOXER of California for lead-
ing this effort on the Democratic side and joining with Senator M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL , the Republican majority 
leader, and Senator I NHOFE from Okla-
homa, who is the chairman of the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee. 
This is indeed an odd couple, B
AR-
BARA BOXER and M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
but they have come up with a plan—a compromise—to solve a problem. 
When I go home to Illinois, what I 
hear over and over from the people I represent is, Senator, when are you folks in Washington going to stop squabbling? When are you going to stop fighting? Can you basically sit down and reach an agreement to solve a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.011 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6047 July 28, 2015 
problem we face? That is what Senator 
BOXER and Senator M CCONNELL have 
done, and I have joined in the effort. Here is what they are proposing: In-stead of a 60-day extension of the trust fund, it would be a 3-year extension. Six years of authorization but 3 years where the money is on the table. I wish it was longer, but at this point I will jump at that. It has been more than 10 years since we have had a highway bill that long. So it is for 3 years. There is a modest growth each year in spending. I wish it was more. It ultimately is going to give the resources back to the States and localities so they can start building the infrastructure America needs to be successful and to compete. 
We have worked long and hard on it. 
It is controversial. It has divided cau-cuses. There are 46 Democrats in the Senate and 21 of us voted last night to move forward on this bill. So even within our ranks, there is a difference of opinion. I am glad the Senator from California is here to keep me on my toes. She said 22 Democrats last night voted to move forward. I wish all of them were on board, but some of them have their own legitimate concerns for not being there. 
The point I am getting to is that 
when it came to the necessary vote, we needed 60; we had 62. I have to check with Senator B
OXER to make sure I am 
correct. There were 62 votes to move forward and 22 were Democrats. We stepped up and made the difference to help move this process forward. 
So here we are. We are close to the 
finish line. We are not quite there. Be-cause of the procedures of the Senate, we can’t do it as quickly as we would like because we have to follow the rules. The rules tell us we are likely to get this wrapped up perhaps tomor-row—I hope as soon as tomorrow—and then we say thank goodness. With a Friday deadline, we will get something done this week before we go home for the August recess. I would say from the Senate point of view, that is exactly right. It means I can say to not only the mayors back home but also to the Governor, the contractors, the work-ers: OK. Here are the resources to move forward for 3 years. I can also say we have done what we were sent to do, to solve a problem and to do it on a bipar-tisan basis. 
There is a problem. The problem we 
have is that Senate action alone is not enough. We need the House of Rep-resentatives to take the same action. There was an announcement yesterday from a Congressman from California that the House is not going to take up this measure. They want to go home. They want to start their August recess earlier than any other August recess has been started in 10 years. They want to leave. The Republican majority has decided they don’t want to take up this bill; they just want to leave, and that is truly unfortunate. 
This is our chance to solve a problem 
for America on a bipartisan basis. This is our chance to invest in our country and put people to work building roads 
and bridges and expanding mass tran-sit, buying the buses we need to serve our communities. This is our chance. Yet what we hear from the Republican side in the House of Representatives is, Sorry, we are going home. We will see you in September. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, will the Senator yield for a ques-tion? 
Mr. DURBIN. I will be happy to yield 
to my colleague from Rhode Island for a question. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. The Senator 
from Illinois has just said the House is planning to bug out this week before the Friday deadline when the highway trust fund collapses for the August re-cess. 
May I ask the Senator from Illinois, 
through the Chair, the following ques-tion: Is it even August? Isn’t it July 28 
today? 
Mr. DURBIN. I would like to take ju-
dicial notice that according to the Cal-endar of Business, it is still July; Tues-day, July 28, 2015. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. In the past, have 
we not worked into the early week or weeks of August before taking the so- called August recess? 
Mr. DURBIN. For the past 10 years, 
the August recess has started in Au-gust. The House of Representatives wishes to start it in July. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. And Friday is 
when the funding for our highways comes to an end. It appears to be the intention of the House to have gotten out of Dodge by then in order to, I guess, dodge any consequence for not having met us on bipartisan terms with a bipartisan 6-year bill. 
Mr. DURBIN. Apparently, they need 
a rest and they want to go home for that purpose, but I wish they would stay and finish this business before they go. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, will 
the Senator yield for a question? 
Mr. DURBIN. Of course. I yield to the 
senior Senator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I 
would observe, after just walking in, that we are talking about the actions that have not been taken formally but that several Members of the House have talked about—we are going to bail out of here. 
My feeling is this—and I am asking a 
question through the Chair if the Sen-ator from Illinois would agree with my observation. One of the reasons I think those statements have been made in the House is because they never be-lieved we were going to be able pass a 6-year highway reauthorization bill in the Senate. 
Now, once that realization is there— 
and I am going to make an appeal to whoever is trying to string out this de-bate to shorten the time so we can have the vote that is pending right now take place and get on with the last and final vote, so we would actually have that ready while the House is still in session. They could very well take it up at that time. Now, if the individuals have placed 
themselves in a corner so that is not going to happen, I don’t know. But is it worth a try? That is my question. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, 
through the Chair, let me respond to my colleague from Oklahoma, to first thank him for his bipartisan leadership on the committee. He and Senator B
OXER are an outstanding example of 
bipartisanship when it comes to this issue. They have produced a 6-year au-thorization, and though I may not agree with some of the particulars, I thank him for that leadership on his side on a bipartisan basis. 
As far as the efforts of the Senator 
from Oklahoma to speed up the vote in the Senate so we can catch our House colleagues before they leave, I would support it completely, but the Senator from Oklahoma and I both know that any single Senator can divert and stop that effort. I will support the Senator in bringing this forward as quickly as possible. 
Mr. INHOFE. I appreciate that. The 
only other question I have is the sec-ond part that I will ask. There is time to do this. I am going to personally make every effort—and I think Senator B
OXER shares my anxiety over getting 
this bill into a position so we can vote. 
All we have to do is move this up so 
we are not going to be voting at the ex-piring time of 4 o’clock in the morning, when that could just as easily be to-night, and that would give us time to allow the House to look at it and per-haps come up with a better judgment than they have expressed so far. 
Mr. DURBIN. I would just say 
through the Chair to the Senator from Oklahoma, we have to appeal to the better angels of our colleagues’ nature, and a cooperative effort would be somewhat miraculous but worth a try. I am happy to support him in that ef-fort. 
Let me just close and yield the floor 
to whoever would like to speak. This is a chance to do what America expects us to do. Why were we sent here? Why did we get elected? I am proud to rep-resent Illinois, but I was sent to solve problems, make life better, and create an economy that is growing. 
There is nothing more bipartisan and 
more important than the infrastruc-ture of this country. If people wonder about that, go visit China and look at what is going on there. There are build-ing cranes in every direction. Highway and train routes are being built in every direction because they are pre-paring their Chinese economy for the 21st century. Is America? I don’t think so. What we are doing is passing short- term extensions of the highway trust fund. We cannot patch our way to pros-perity. We cannot, on a short-term basis, have a long-term plan to build America’s economy. Because of the hard work on both sides of the aisle, compromises being made, we are at a point where we can have a 3-year high-way bill, and it is time for us to do it, no excuses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.013 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6048 July 28, 2015 
I support what the Senator from 
Oklahoma said: Let’s accelerate this in the Senate, if we can, and then pray that our colleagues in the House decide to hang around long enough to take up this bill, which I believe would be a worthy alternative to another short- term extension. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, will 
the Senator yield for one last question? 
Mr. DURBIN. I am happy to yield. Mr. INHOFE. Would the Senator join 
me in reaching out to try to see if we can get unanimous consent to go ahead and move forward? I know what we are doing is more significant than other things that are going on. If they don’t like the bill for some reason, that is one thing, but bring it forward so this can be done. I am inclined to hope we could encourage any of those who are just killing time right now to join us in doing this. 
It is my intention to go ahead and 
make that request, and I will ask if the Senator from Illinois would join me in that effort. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, 
through the Chair, I would say to my colleague from Oklahoma, let’s sit down and put this UC together. Then, the Senator from Oklahoma can take it, as we do by custom, to his cloak-room and I will take it to mine and let’s see if we can get this moving for-ward. I wish to protect the rights of Members, but I think many of them would like to join us in accelerating this process so there is activity on the floor which is productive. I am happy to work with the Senator from Okla-homa. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, let me thank the Senator from Il-linois and the Senator from Oklahoma for their efforts on the floor today. I think this continued progress toward a bipartisan 6-year deal to make sure our highways and bridges are funded and repaired is a very important piece of the work. 
I wish to join the Senator from Illi-
nois in saluting the efforts of my rank-ing member, Senator B
OXER , who has 
worked so hard through the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee to get to a place where we now have a Senate bipartisan compromise for a 6- year bill, with 3 years fully funded, and the prospect for all of our State depart-ments of transportation to be able to take on big projects, knowing that funding is out there. 
We are taking up this conversation 
while our own American Society of Civil Engineers gives our American roads the grade of a D. I don’t know about the Presiding Officer, but if my kids came home with a D, I would not be amused and pleased about that. So when our own engineers tell us our roads are a D and our Federal highway program has limped along, 2 months, 6 months—these tiny, little steps for-ward—and now we have a chance to put a serious slug of money on the table so 
our departments of transportation can do the work our roads so desperately need, why not go forward with that? Across this country, Americans pay more than $500 a year in car repairs as a result of our terrible roads—so $500 out of their pockets getting their wheels realigned or their tires repaired because they have been banged by pot-holes and bad roads hurting their vehi-cles. There is a real pocketbook con-sequence for Americans if we fail to act. 
We have a bipartisan compromise. 
We should push it forward. What the House is doing is not helpful. I hope, as the distinguished Senator from Okla-homa, my chairman on the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee said, they come up with a better judg-ment than they have expressed so far. I think that under these cir-cumstances, bugging out and starting the August recess before this problem is solved—indeed, before it is even Au-gust—is a pretty serious misjudgment. 
So let’s hope we can keep after this. 
We do have strong support for getting this done. Whether it is the American Association of General Contractors, whether it is the National Association of Manufacturers, whether it is the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, there are a lot of organizations that customarily support the Republican side that want to get this done. I hope they will be having conversations with Speaker B
OEHNER and with Majority Leader 
MCCARTHY to ask them to have better 
judgment about what to do in this cir-cumstance, other than to bug out for an August recess before it is even Au-gust and leave Americans high and dry without a bipartisan 6-year bill that is being fashioned in the Senate right now. 
Again, I wish to express my apprecia-
tion to my Ranking Member B
ARBARA  
BOXER , who has worked so hard to 
bring us to this point and our chair-man, Senator I
NHOFE . 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I rise to speak in favor of the DRIVE Act. I was a supporter of this bill from the first vote we had in the last week. There were some changes made imme-diately that I thought were important. I think this long-term bill is incredibly important to our country’s future. Time and again, we have had these short-term extensions, and that is what the House of Representatives is talking about again. 
We have an opportunity here. Ameri-
cans, as we know, can’t fix a road in 2 months. In a State such as Minnesota, where we have two seasons, one road construction season and one winter, citizens cannot plan ahead and our State cannot plan ahead when we con-tinue to have these short-term exten-sions. They also want to do bigger things and better things for transpor-tation in our State, and this funding and this bill will allow them to do that, 
instead of this Mickey Mouse short- term extension time after time after time. 
As we have heard from my col-
leagues, ranking member Senator B
OXER , our chairman, Senator I NHOFE , 
Senator D URBIN , and Senator W HITE-
HOUSE today, I think it is incredibly 
important that we move forward with this bill. 
This Senator came to this issue in a 
very tragic way; that is, when a bridge fell down in the middle of a summer day. The anniversary of this bridge col-lapse is coming up in just a few days. It was a beautiful summer day, rush hour, and there were tons of traffic going over one of the most heavily traveled bridges in our State. This wasn’t just a bridge; this was an eight-lane highway. It was something you wouldn’t even notice as a bridge because there were so many cars on it. It was the I–35W bridge. 
On that day, I was in Washington. I 
remember trying to call some people in Minnesota. The cell phone services wouldn’t work, and I was wondering what was wrong with the cell phone service. What I found about 5 minutes later is that people were calling, pan-icked about their loved ones because tens of thousands of people were trav-eling near that bridge that day. In fact, when that bridge collapsed, tragically, 13 people died and dozens of cars were submerged. 
Heroes who came to the front that 
day didn’t run away from that bridge. They ran toward it. No one will forget the off-duty firefighter Shanna Hanson, who was going in and out, in and out on a rope tethered to the side of the bridge, trying to get people, trying to find people in the murky water. The fact that 13 people died—tragic as it was—was something of a miracle, given how many people were injured. Over 100 people were injured in the collapse. 
A schoolbus sat precariously on the 
edge of the bridge. A Tasty truckdriver literally veered out so the schoolbus wouldn’t go over the edge and ended up tragically dying himself when the truck caught on fire. The schoolbus was labeled the ‘‘miracle bus’’ because youth workers on the bus had the pres-ence of mind to take these little kids who were on the bus going out for a summer outing and get them out the back and to safety. That happened. All of that happened on August 1. 
As I said that day, a bridge just 
shouldn’t fall down in the middle of America—not an eight-lane highway, not a bridge which is literally 8 blocks from my house and which I drive on every day with my family, with my daughter. That is the bridge that fell down. 
So what did we do in Minnesota? In 
13 months, we rebuilt that bridge. On a bipartisan basis, just like you see with this bill with the DRIVE Act, we worked together across the aisle. We got the Federal funding, and we rebuilt that bridge, but that is not where the story ends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.014 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6049 July 28, 2015 
Because of what happened, because of 
the design defect that caused that bridge to fall, in addition to two other issues NHTSA found, which are that there weren’t adequate inspections and they also found there were problems with construction guides because there was construction work going on—but the bottom cause was a design defect. 
If we had adequate highway funding, 
adequate inspections, and we were able to go back in and look at bridges, as we did after the fact in Minnesota, and found that others had the same defect and that they had to be replaced—our State put more money into infrastruc-ture, which helped us—I should add for my colleagues in this Chamber that it was one of the major reasons CNBC rated Minnesota as one of the best States to do business in the country, the best State to do business in, fol-lowed by Texas, Georgia, and Colorado. Two of the major factors they looked at were the quality of life and infra-structure. 
After this collapse occurred, we in-
vested, and that is what this bill is about. It is about making a safer America. As Senator W
HITEHOUSE just 
outlined, our country is getting D’s for infrastructure. It is about a safer America. It is about reducing conges-tion, but it is also about our economy, as shown by what has happened in Min-nesota since the bridge collapse. It is about building our economy. When we are building our economy based on ex-ports, we have to have a way to get goods to market. The way you do that is to upgrade railways and upgrade locks and dams, as we did in an earlier bill last year when we updated high-ways and we updated bridges. 
I am very excited about this bill. I 
love the fact that this leads us to a 21st century transportation system. I love the fact that we were able to get my distracted driving provisions in there, with the help of Senator T
HUNE , Sen-
ator N ELSON , and I had worked on them 
with Senator H OEVEN . 
Distracted driving is a major safety 
risk in this country that we are finally going to be able to find a way to get the money out to the States so it is not just sitting and piling up and going no-where, so States can start educating people about distracted driving. 
There is the work in the bill on grad-
uated driving that I worked on so hard, on licenses as well as drunk driving. There are a lot of good measures in this bill. 
Mostly this bill is about the long 
term. It is about looking at the long- term economy and looking at the long- term safety issues, instead of just put-ting on a bandaid every 2 months, every 3 months, every 6 months. This is an opportunity that can’t be missed. 
I ask my colleagues for their strong 
support. We have strong support for this as well as the Ex-Im Bank. I ask my colleagues across the way in the House to support this bill, do the right thing, and come up with a long-term solution. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield 
for a question from the chairman? 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask the Senator, How 
many people were killed in that bridge collapse? 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. There were 13 peo-
ple killed that day. 
Mr. INHOFE. Is the Senator aware 
that around the same time that hap-pened, in my State of Oklahoma, we were in the process of the last long- term bill in 2005. A mother with three children was driving below a bridge in Oklahoma City. Some concrete dropped off and killed the mother. We corrected that in the 2005 bill. 
But the question I would ask you is, 
Why do we wait until people die before this happens? I have a list of bridges that are in need of attention, and later today I will read it for the third time. We can avoid things such as this from happening, but if we don’t do some-thing, if we are not going to do it, then large projects cannot be done with short-term extensions. My question is, Why do we wait until death is at our door? 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I appreciate that 
question from the Senator from Okla-homa. I thank the chairman for his work on this bill, for his chairmanship on the committee, and his willingness to work across the aisle on this bill. 
I would say this is a major problem. 
If we do just a short-term extension, then maybe a project gets funded here and there, but we don’t do the long- term maintenance, which is never as glamorous as building new projects. 
This is about long-term maintenance 
and work that needs to be done on our existing roads and bridges as well as exciting new opportunities. But when we don’t have that kind of clear fund-ing source for our States to see that we have a window, as the Presiding Officer knows with her leadership in the State of Nebraska, you just can’t do projects in a State when the funding is not going to be there 3 months later. One is not able to invest in the maintenance and long-term work that needs to be done, and that is why this Senator thanks the chairman and the ranking member, Senator B
OXER , for her in-
credible work on this bill as well be-cause this is about long-term funding for planning, for safety, and also for our economy. 
Mrs. BOXER. Will the Senator yield 
for another question? 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Yes. Mrs. BOXER. I thank my friend be-
cause she has been such a leader. I was listening to every word she said, as well as Senator I
NHOFE talking about 
the mother who was killed because of a bridge collapse. This touches our hearts as family members. Yes, as Sen-ators, but as family members we know those families will never be the same— the family, the children of that moth-er, the families of those who are griev-ing the loss of their relatives. I ask my friend, who was so early on 
a supporter, is she aware that seven States have either canceled projects or completely shut down their highway and transit spending? Is she aware of that? 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Yes, I am. Mrs. BOXER. I wanted to say that I 
have a chart here that shows the States that have either canceled or de-layed highway projects. These projects are valued at over $1.6 billion. Think about the jobs and the businesses that are suffering. They are in Arkansas, Delaware, Georgia, Montana, Ten-nessee, Utah, and Wyoming. 
I have a further question. I know my 
friend has heard me say this. Is my friend aware that the Associated Gen-eral Contractors of America came out with a new study? They were just in the New York Times stating that be-cause of our, I will use the word ‘‘dithering’’—because we haven’t come up with the long-term bill, which we are now attempting to do—25 States have lost construction jobs just in the last month. Is my friend aware of this study? 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Yes, I have heard 
of that study, and I think it mimics what we have seen in other studies. If we don’t plan ahead, people will start cutting off the work. 
Mrs. BOXER. I will just say before I 
yield that the States that lost con-struction jobs last month, according to the general contractors, are Alaska, Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Mississippi, Mis-souri, Montana, Nebraska, New Hamp-shire, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. I wanted to read those off. 
I will talk about that later, but I 
wish to thank my friend because the point—when she talked about what happened on this bridge, my friend didn’t have to read one word of any statement. This was a heartbreaking memory she will always have. We all go through this in our time here, when there are earthquakes, floods, fires, and bridge collapses. 
I would ask my friend this last ques-
tion: Does the Senator think this is im-portant enough that the House should stay an extra week or even a few days to take up our bill, pass it or if they don’t like it, amend it, send it back, and let’s get this done for the Amer-ican people. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I say to Senator 
B
OXER and Senator I NHOFE , I think 
that is why we are here today, to talk about the fact that we have come to-gether across party lines with people from completely different political ideologies to agree that we need a long- term fix to our transportation problem. 
As the Senator mentioned the people, 
I think sometimes people think about transportation as bricks and mortar or something very esoteric, but it is not; it is about the people who use the sys-tem. Senator I
NHOFE talked about the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.019 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6050 July 28, 2015 
people who died in the bridge collapse 
in his State. There is a memorial for the 13 people who died in our State. I would suggest, if you ever come to the Twin Cities, come and look at it be-cause it shows—as Senator I
NHOFE  
knows—everyone uses the roads and bridges. These people came from vastly different backgrounds. They were young people. There was a man who died. He and his wife had just decided they wanted to have a baby. Of all things, after he died, she decided to adopt children by herself, and she de-cided to adopt them from Haiti. Then the tragedy happened in Haiti, and we actually helped her get these children home. These are people who worked all kinds of different jobs. Some were com-ing home from work, some were stu-dents, some were moms busy in their car. Those are the people who died. They were America. America uses our bridges and roads and trains. We have to remember this is about the people who work construction, this is about the people who use the roads and bridges, and this is about our economy moving forward. 
Sometimes we get so into facts and 
figures and what one House does and what the other House does that we for-get why we are spending money on our bridges and our roads and what this means for our future economy. 
I thank the leaders of this bill for 
what they have done, their willingness to take a lot of heat for working across the aisle, for making sure that what we are using to pay for this bill are things that make sense for our country and continue to allow us to move forward, and also for making changes to the bill when other Members had problems with it. That is why they are gaining so much momentum, and I am sure our friends over in the House are looking at this bill. They have examined the pay-fors—they have now had weeks to do that—and they have also looked at the safety provisions and other things in the bill. 
So at some point they are going to 
have the ability to decide if they are for this bill or against it or, as Senator B
OXER mentioned, if they want to 
make some changes. But the key is that we have a good base bill which has brought people together from across the country, from different ideologies, which they can use and look at. If they just want to do another one of these short-term fixes—it is never going to get us where we need to be so we don’t have another one of these bridges col-lapse on August 1, in the middle of a summer day. That happened in this country in this century. It will happen again if we keep this up. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, be-
fore the Senator leaves the floor, I would like to thank her again. What I want to say to her is something she has said to me over and over; that is, the importance of finding common ground when we can. We all know we cannot 
give up our principles, but we have to search for common ground. 
And everyone knows—and Senator 
I
NHOFE and I kind of joke about it—we 
could not be different in terms of our ideology. We really could not. But on this one, on this piece, the need to have a strong infrastructure, we are as one, as progressives, as conservatives. 
Frankly, I think everyone in the Sen-
ate and in the House should come to-gether around the principle that you cannot have a strong economy if you cannot move goods. That is why my friend Senator I
NHOFE put together a 
great new freight title in our bill this time, part of the formula. It is hugely important. If we cannot move goods, if we cannot move people, we are going to fall behind. 
Clearly, when bridges collapse, there 
is devastation. I have shown this par-ticular bridge collapse, along with the one on which Senator K
LOBUCHAR was 
so eloquent. This is a bridge in my great State. We have 40 million people. We take in about 40 to 50 percent of all the imports into our Nation; they go into trucks and trains and planes. They use our roads, and they go across the country to deliver goods to everyone. 
Well, the bridge that collapsed in 
California a few days ago—maybe a week or two ago now—was deemed to be obsolete because it was built for very light traffic. It is the bridge be-tween California and Arizona. There was very little traffic at the time it was built. Now we have a huge amount of traffic. This bridge collapsed. Thank the Lord no one died, so I can stand up here and say that. 
This, to me, is the poster child of the 
work we are doing together. This is the poster child. There is a list of bridges— there are more than 60,000 deficient bridges in America. This is America. They are deficient—some worse than others, but they are deficient. 
I have listed just a few here—just a 
few: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Cali-fornia, Colorado, Connecticut, the Dis-trict of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Ken-tucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Okla-homa, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Is-land, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin. This is just a handful—a couple of handfuls of the 60,000-plus bridges that are deficient. 
Senator I
NHOFE , in your State we 
have listed as an example the I–40 bridge over Crooked Oak Creek. As I was saying yesterday, when I was a country supervisor a very long time ago, we found out as supervisors—and we were a very bipartisan group—that our civic center was at risk of collapse in an earthquake. In those years, we did not know that much about how to reinforce. It was just coming to light. It is a Frank Lloyd Wright building, a gorgeous building, a historic building. We were told that if we did not fix it, 
there was a possibility that we could be held personally liable if something happened. 
Clearly, no one here is going to be 
personally held liable if a bridge col-lapses, but morally we need to under-stand that now that we know we have 60,000-plus bridges in bad condition and that 50 percent of our roads are not up to par, we have an obligation to fix it. It is very clear that we must do so. 
I am proud that almost half of the 
Democratic caucus has come together with a larger percentage of the Repub-lican caucus to put together a trans-portation bill. I am proud of that. It is on the road to passage. Last night, at a crucial moment late in the evening, we got 62 votes. That was not an easy thing to do because, as the Presiding Officer knows, there were things she wanted in that bill, and there were more things I wanted. I wanted things out of the bill and other things added. Each one of us, of course—we are peo-ple who are passionate about these issues. We would have written the bill differently. I would say that anyone in America, having the chance, would write it differently. But the art of com-promise is something we should not be afraid of. You are not compromising your principles; you are seeing where you can find a sweet spot. I believe we did that. 
I am urging the House not to leave 
on their summer break and to stay and work on this bill. We have done a lot of the heavy lifting. We have done a lot of the heavy compromising. They can do more. They can take out things they do not like, add things they want. We can sit down in a conference. We can get this done. 
My opinion: They should take it and 
pass it. When a bill has 62 votes here, that is pretty darn good. If they want to tweak it, they can do it. But I think they need to stay. 
I served proudly with my friend Sen-
ator I
NHOFE in the House. I served for 
10 years. It has been 10 years since the House has had this long of a break. They have not left before August for the August recess. I think they should stay. They should stay. 
You know, the average American, 
when they are about to go on their summer break, the boss says: Clean up your desk, please. Finish your work, please. Don’t just pile everything on one side of the table, please. Take care of it. 
The House ought to finish its work. 
Take up our bill, amend it, send it back, and we will get it done. Most of the work is done. Most Americans have to tie up loose ends before they take a long break. I might add, I think it is a 5-week break—a 5-week break. Do your work. Maybe you can only go on a 4- week break. That would still be twice the time most Americans get. Do your work. 
When I say bridges are in poor condi-
tion, that is not hyperbole, that is fact. This is not some study put out by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.020 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6051 July 28, 2015 
Democrat or a Republican; it is put out 
by the engineers. Our infrastructure is rated—I believe it is a D overall. If our child came home and said ‘‘Mom, I have a D,’’ we would not be happy. Well, taxpayers are not happy that our infrastructure is rated a D. 
So I ask the House: Please stay and 
do your job. Roll up your sleeves. We will work with you. We can resolve these things. You have had time to look at our bill. 
I will close with just two more 
points. I want to give the highlights of our Transportation bill on which we worked so hard across party lines— Senator I
NHOFE ; myself; the Banking 
Committee, chairman and ranking; the Commerce Committee, chairman and ranking; the Finance Committee, which paid for this bill. 
Some people are voting against it be-
cause they do not like the way it is paid for. They say it is better to find some long-term answer in inter-national tax reform. Personally, I think that is a great idea, but you have time to pay for the last 3 years in that fashion. We have paid for 3 years; this bill is 6 years. Pay for the last 3 years. 
As for me, I am a lonely voice here. 
There are about five of us who say: A penny a month for 10 months on the gas tax. We don’t have the votes. So what do I do? Go in my corner and cry? I don’t have the votes. No, we have to put a bill together. So this is a $50 bil-lion-a-year bill for 6 years. Three years are paid for. Every State gets more for-mula funding for both highways and transit. There are two new programs: a formula freight program that my friend Senator I
NHOFE , working with 
Republicans and Democrats, put to-gether; and a new grant program for major projects called the AMP Pro-gram. Senator W
HITEHOUSE worked 
across the aisle for that program. All of our States are eligible. 
It includes the McCaskill bill. It is 
the McCaskill-Schumer bill that says rental car companies cannot lease out cars that are under recall. I think this is important because we see a lot of the problems with the Takata air bags. 
Because Senator N
ELSON has worked 
so hard on that, we have tripled NHTSA fines. We have used that money in the bill to help put positive train control on the commuter rails. This is important. People are dying be-cause we do not have positive train control. 
Is the bill the perfect bill on safety? 
In my view, it is not. In somebody else’s view it is. It is a compromise. But I think, overall, it is solid. Every State will see an increase in their high-way dollars, in their transit dollars. 
In closing, I wish to thank Senators 
on both sides of the aisle, including the Presiding Officer because we did work together. We did a good job. It was hard to do. I know my friend had one provision she wanted. She had to scale it back. It is hard to do that. I had a program I wanted. It got scaled back. We all have to give and take, but that is what the people expect of us. Wheth-
er they are Democrats, Republicans, Independents, it does not matter—they want us to get something done. 
I am proud of the Senate. We are not 
done yet. We still need some more votes on this, so everyone stay tuned. But if the House will stay an extra few days and take up our bill, we can get this done for the American people. We can save businesses, we can save jobs, we can keep this recovery going, and we can feel proud that we fixed our bridges, that we fixed our highways, and that we did the work we are sup-posed to do. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, well, 
I am going to have to disagree with my partner over here on one thing; that is, the insistence that the House stay. In my opinion, they are not going to stay. That is done. But this can still be done with their targeted adjournment date for them. The way that can happen is for us to right now—we are waiting out the vote. If nobody yields backs—it is on the Inhofe substitute. That is what we are doing right now. That vote can take place at 5 o’clock in the morning. If you moved that up—and right now we are asking unanimous consent to do that. If we are able to do that, that could happen this afternoon. That means we could have the next step, which would be to move to the bill. That could be done while they are still here. 
What I do not want to happen is to 
have them—you know, we are success-ful and done with our bill and then send it over to the House and they are gone. So I think we can still do it while the House is still here. 
I have to say—and I am not sure the 
ranking member of my committee, Senator B
OXER , agrees with this, but I 
think they never believed we would be able to get the bill done. That being the case, they staked out early and said they—for any number of reasons, they are going to be gone. Well, we can do it. All we have to do is to move this up and to get time yielded back. We can do the same thing then on final passage. We could have the bill over there in good enough time—Wednes-day; that is tomorrow—that they could still act on the bill. That would be my goal on this because I think that is the only way. 
Mrs. BOXER. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mr. INHOFE. I will yield. Mrs. BOXER. I would love to get this 
done in 5 minutes. So let me be clear 
about where I stand. But has my friend received confirmation from Speaker B
OEHNER that he would take up the bill 
tomorrow? My understanding is that they moved up their—this is what I heard. I can’t swear to it, I don’t know exactly, but what I heard is they are actually moving up their adjournment from Thursday to Wednesday so they can escape from having to take up our bill. Does my friend believe that if we 
could get this bill done, they would stay 24 hours and deal with our bill? 
Mr. INHOFE. Reclaiming my time, I 
don’t know what they would do, how long they would stay. If we don’t finish it until they already are gone, then we know that. 
Mrs. BOXER. OK. Mr. INHOFE. But I still think that 
can be done. There is this urgency. We have worked long and hard. People say they haven’t had time to get into this thing. We passed our bill. They have had 5 or 6 weeks to absorb this. And this argument that we have a 6-year bill with only 3 years of funding—this is kind of a phony argument because we have a valve that doesn’t exist any-where else that if we go through and start a 6-year bill, that would allow us to get into the major projects which the Senator from Minnesota was talk-ing about and which the Senator and I have been talking about that you can-not get into with short-term exten-sions. 
Mrs. BOXER. That is right. (Mr. CRUZ assumed the Chair.) Mr. INHOFE. We all understand that. 
So we can start those projects. Given 3 years, I can assure you that we would have the opportunity to find offsets that would be acceptable. We were op-erating under the gun before. This would take that away. We can go ahead and accept the fact that we have 3 years funded. 
For those individuals—and I am 
speaking now of my colleagues on this side of the aisle—who are conservative who have had the argument that we will then have to borrow money in order to finish the 6 years. 
We can really have it both ways. We 
start the projects, and then there will be enough pressure on and we will be able to do—incidentally, I have to keep reminding my friends that there is a conservative position, and that is to pass this bill. 
You know, I get so tired of people— 
there are a lot of people out there who actually voted for the $800 billion—way back at the beginning of the Obama ad-ministration—the $800 billion stimulus bill that didn’t stimulate. We tried to put an amendment on there. I know the Senator from California and I co-sponsored amendments. They were all rejected. 
Then along came the $700 billion bail-
out, and a lot of my Republican friends voted for that. 
Now they complain that the money 
isn’t there. Well, the money can be there. And if it hadn’t been for those two things, we wouldn’t be having this conversation today. But the money can be there. We need time to let that hap-pen. Certainly, as we pass this bill, start the major projects that are going on, then we will be in a position to do that. The key to making that happen, to allowing that to happen—I am not going to give up because the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.017 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6052 July 28, 2015 
hasn’t left yet. They say they are going 
to leave tomorrow afternoon. Well, if we go ahead and yield back enough time to get this vote this afternoon, we could do the same thing on the final vote. 
By the way, those individuals who 
want to have amendments, you can still have germane amendments that would not be treated as an amendment, but we would consider putting those into the managers’ amendment. If that happens, that would become part of the vote we would be voting on tomorrow. To allow that to happen, we have to go ahead and yield back time so that we can have this vote take place and start working on those amendments that are germane to see which of those we are going to be in a position to consider. 
Anyway, that is what I am hoping 
will happen. I think there is an oppor-tunity. 
Again, people who make state-
ments—and I have a lot of friends in the House. I spent 8 years in the House. These individuals who are speaking now—one of them made kind of an off- the-cuff statement about, you know, we are just not going to consider it. Well, I really believe most of them over there felt we weren’t going to be suc-cessful in passing a bill. So it is still possible we can do that. We do have the time left, and we know what we have to do to do that. 
Let me talk a little bit about the 
sense of urgency. 
First, I appreciate the fact that this 
conversation took place. The Senator from Minnesota had some pretty graphic pictures of what happened that took the lives of 13 people, a bridge falling down. 
The DRIVE Act contains some other 
key provisions outside of prioritizing bridge safety and stability. 
Today, the National Highway System 
carries more than 55 percent of the Na-tion’s highway traffic and 97 percent of 
the truck freight traffic. 
We have never had a freight provi-
sion. This is my sixth bill that I have worked on—actually going all the way back to the House days—and we have never had a freight provision to take care of this problem. 
Of the 4 million miles of public road, 
the National Highway System rep-resents 5.5 percent of the Nation’s most heavily traveled miles of road. Ameri-cans depend upon a well-maintained National Highway System that pro-vides critical connections between urban and rural communities. Amer-ican businesses pay an estimated $27 billion a year in extra freight transpor-tation costs due to the poor condition of public roads. 
Look at it. Look at that. How many 
lanes are there on this one? There are six lanes, all of them stopped. What happens when they stop? The engines keep going. The air is polluted. Gaso-line costs a lot of money, and the freight cannot go through. Well, that is why we have this. 
Recognizing that it is the foundation 
of the Nation’s economy and the key to the Nation’s ability to compete in the 
global economy, it is essential that we focus efforts to improve freight move-ment on the National Highway System. Incidentally, if we don’t pass this bill and if we go back to extensions, that ain’t going to happen. It can’t happen. 
I always have to pause to remind my 
conservative friends—and I can say this because I have had the ranking of the most conservative Member prob-ably more than anybody else has—the Constitution tells us what we are sup-posed to be doing. We are doing a lot of things the Constitution never con-templated. It says in article I, section 8 that we in the House and the Senate are supposed to be defending America and roads and bridges. That is what we are supposed to be doing. So I would just say I have to remind people that the conservative position in the Con-stitution is to go ahead and do what we are trying to do with the DRIVE Act today. 
The DRIVE Act includes two new 
programs to help the States deliver projects that promote the safe move-ment of consumer goods and products. 
The first new program is the Na-
tional Freight Program. That is what we are talking about right now. 
That is what is bogged down in traf-
fic right here. 
It is distributed by a formula that 
will provide funds to all States to en-hance the movement of goods, reduce costs, and improve the performances of businesses. The program would expand flexibility for both rural and urban areas. 
A lot of the reason this hasn’t been 
handled before is that States send in their priorities. You know, one of the few things in government that do work is what we are going through right now. When we set up a formula, we take into consideration what the peo-ple at home want, what the people in my State of Oklahoma think is the most important thing in terms of roads, bridges, highways, and mainte-nance. There are some liberals here in Washington who think there has never been a good decision unless it came out of Washington. But we always empha-size what they consider to be the great-est concern within their States. 
The reason that freight doesn’t often 
get the high priority it should is be-cause a lot of the freight moves in and out of a State and the States don’t evaluate that as an economic benefit. That is shortsighted because States on either side provide that kind of traffic, and it does add to the economy of the State, it is just not direct the way the rest of the projects are. 
So we have this type of congestion 
taking place. 
Secondly, it will improve efforts to 
identify projects with a high return on investment through State freight plans and State advisory committees. 
The second new program is the As-
sistance for Major Projects Program, which creates a competitive grant pro-gram to provide funds for major projects of high importance to a com-
munity, a region, or to the Nation. The program includes a set-aside for rural areas and it ensures an equitable geo-graphic distribution of the funds. The State of Oklahoma is a rural State, so that is very important. 
One thing you cannot do with the 
short-term extensions—keep in mind, the last time we had a long-term bill, the reauthorization bill, was 2005. By the time 2009 got here, we were work-ing on just the short-term extensions— 33 short-term extensions. So you can’t do those major projects that have to be done sooner or later in our country. 
In Chicago, IL, the I–290 and the I–90/ 
I–94 intersection is the intersection we have been looking at with the conges-tion. It is the No. 1 worst freight bot-tleneck in the United States. The aver-age speed slows down to 29 miles an hour. Morning and evening rush hour speeds have been known to drop below 20 miles an hour. It carries about 300,000 vehicles a day. That is the Chi-cago I–29. 
Houston, TX, the I–45 at U.S. 59—and 
certainly the occupier of the chair is fully aware of this and I am sure has been bogged down in traffic many times on the Texas I–45 at U.S. 59 ex-change. Houston, TX, is the home of 5 of the top 20 freight bottlenecks in the Nation. Texas is home to 9 of the top 25 freight bottlenecks. Freight bottle-necks cost the freight industry in Texas $671 million annually and 8.8 million hours of delay. 
This is what we are looking at, look-
ing at Houston. It happens that I was stopped there going there one time. That is why I always fly down to South Texas rather than drive—to avoid that. 
So I–45 at the intersection is ranked 
third in the Nation by the congestion index. It is the same I–45 at 610 North that is ranked 15. There is an average speed slowdown to 39 miles per hour, and there they are, out there wasting valuable time. 
Fort Lee, NJ. The I–95 you are look-
ing at right now connects Fort Lee, NJ, to New York City. It is the second worst freight bottleneck by congestion index in the Nation. The average speed slows to 29 miles an hour. Rush hour speeds in the morning and evening slow down to about 15 miles an hour. 
The nearby I–95 Cross-Bronx Express-
way is the most congested corridor in the country. By the way, anyone from here in Washington who is going up to anyplace along the coast, Connecticut on up North, has to go through that, and I have had to do that. I had an oc-casion just the other day to give a commencement talk up at the Coast Guard Academy. To get up there, I had to go all the way across that bridge, and it almost made me late. So that is one that is well known. 
The George Washington Bridge is the 
world’s busiest motor vehicle bridge, carrying over 106 million cars a year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.021 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6053 July 28, 2015 
Anyway, that is what we have right 
now. We have a freight program to al-leviate this type of congestion and in-crease America’s ability to conduct commerce on our highways. 
We have another talk that we have 
given several times where we go over all of the bridges. The Senator from Minnesota was talking about the trag-edy of the bridges. But if you look and you see, it is not just confined to the east coast. If you look and you see, in my State of Oklahoma, in the north-eastern section, we have more deficient bridges—probably ranked No. 3 in the Nation, I would say—and those bridges are not going to be addressed until we have a chance to do it. 
Simply look at this Eisenhower 
quote, a republican president who un-derstood the need for federal invest-ment in our military and our high-ways. I always like this because I chair the Environment and Public Works Committee and have been ranking member of the Senate Armed Forces committee. I think it is deplorable, what President Obama has done to our military. I call it the disarming of America. 
Yet the guy who started this whole 
thing—I don’t think even the Chair is aware of the fact that the reason Ei-senhower started this way back in 1956 was to defend our Nation. He said: As it is right now, we don’t have any type of a system where you can take goods and services and move them across either coast to be sent out in the defense of this country. 
So I am hoping that we all realize the 
need to reauthorize this long-term bill. Right now, we are in the middle of not doing anything, not getting done, but it is a 30-hour delay. If we can just move that up so that instead of voting on that at 5 o’clock in the morning, we can vote on it this afternoon—which would be just as easy to do, and I am going to ask unanimous consent that we be able to do that—then we could move on and do the same thing as we move toward the bill. 
Now, if that happens, for those indi-
viduals—and I would hope the staff is listening to this—who have germane amendments, we can’t take up amend-ments after passage. This is going to pass. We know this is going to pass, but is it going to pass this afternoon or is it going to pass tomorrow morning? If so, we then would not be in a position to do anything if the House has already adjourned. 
If this happens, if Members will bring 
amendments down, we will consider germane amendments. We still have the managers’ amendment we will be able to put these in, and so we will con-sider these. So there is an opportunity for that to take place, and I wouldn’t want anyone voting to deny this oppor-tunity to finish this bill and let the House at least look at it, thinking they will not be able to get their amend-ments in. 
We haven’t had an opportunity to get 
amendments in for a long time. I al-ways hasten to say this because how 
long has it been now. It has been 6 weeks since we passed this out of our committee and it passed unani-mously—every Democrat and every Re-publican. I have to say the Republicans on the committee I chair are among the most conservative Republicans and the Democrats are among the most lib-eral Democrats. That is a holdover from when the Democrats had control of the Senate, and the Environment and Public Works Committee was chaired by my colleague, who refers to herself as a very proud progressive, which means liberal, and I am a very proud conservative. So we all have this in common. 
Just to have this opportunity to have 
this up so we can consider it, we would have to move this up and get this vote today instead of tonight. So I am hop-ing that will still be the case. We are making our case on that. Again, that would allow us to get this done in a way—or at least to let the House look at this and see whether it is an option they may want to pursue. I know sev-eral have painted themselves into a corner, but nonetheless we could do this if we can hurry this up. 
I know there are other speakers on 
the floor, so I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I want to 
compliment the Senator from Okla-homa for his great work on this legisla-tion. He has been a fierce advocate for transportation funding, for doing high-way bills on more than a short-term basis. As he has mentioned numerous times, since 2009 we have had 33 short- term extensions—patches, if you will— which make it very difficult to run a highway program. 
The Senator from Oklahoma has 
been, as I said, a fierce and persistent advocate that one of the responsibil-ities we have around here is to make sure we are building the infrastructure in this country that keeps our econ-omy competitive, that allows people and freight to move in an efficient way and to ensure our economy is strong and vibrant. 
I can tell you, as someone who rep-
resents a rural State in the middle of the country, the supply chain we have between our highways and bridges, our railroads, our ports, is critically impor-tant for us to get our products, the things we raise and grow in South Da-kota, to the marketplace. Agriculture is our No. 1 industry. It drives our economy. It is incredibly dependent upon transportation. So a strong, vi-brant, robust economy depends upon transportation. 
Obviously, we want to have a system 
that is safe, and that is one of the issues I want to speak to with regard to this bill as well. I appreciate the great work Senator I
NHOFE and his team, 
working with Senator B OXER , have 
done on this bill. 
We are going to continue to debate 
this. I hope we can bring it to a close. As the Senator from Oklahoma pointed 
out, if we did that, we would have an opportunity to at least put it before the House and give them a chance to act on it, whether they choose to or not. I would certainly hope the House of Representatives would take a hard look at this bill and consider taking it up and moving it because there has been a lot of work that has gone into it. We have a deadline ahead of us, and if we don’t do this, we are going to be stuck with yet another—the 34th— short-term extension, which just kicks the can down the road and makes it more difficult for those who are in the position of having to make decisions about planning and designing our infra-
structure in this country to do that. 
Obviously, there are a lot of people 
and a lot of jobs that depend upon the decisions that come out of Washington with regard to this bill. So I, too, en-courage our colleagues in the Senate to move as quickly as we can to complete action on the Senate bill and to allow the House of Representatives to take a chance at considering it and perhaps getting this issue resolved and a long- term bill in place. 
These bills are nothing new in the 
Senate. The bill before us today is no-table because it is the first Transpor-tation bill, as I mentioned, in almost a decade to provide more than 2 years of funding for our Nation’s infrastructure needs. Since 2009, Congress has passed more than 33 short-term funding exten-sions. That is an average of approxi-mately five funding extensions a year. That is not a good way to manage our Nation’s infrastructure and it wastes an incredible amount of money. 
Around the country, hundreds of 
thousands of people and hundreds of thousands of jobs depend on funding contained in transportation bills. When Congress fails to provide the necessary certainty about the way transportation funding is going to be allocated, States and local governments are left without the certainty they need to authorize projects to make long-term plans for transportation infrastructure. That means essential construction projects get deferred, necessary repairs may not get made, and the jobs that depend on transportation are put in jeopardy. 
My home State of South Dakota has 
been forced to defer important con-struction projects thanks to the lack of funding certainty. No individual or business would start building a house or an office building if it could only promise a contractor 3 months of fund-ing. In the same way, Congress can’t expect a State to begin construction of a new bridge or highway without the certainty that their project is going to be fully funded. 
The highway bill before us—the 
DRIVE Act—reauthorizes transpor-tation programs for 6 years and pro-vides 3 years of guaranteed funding. All 3 years of funding have been paid for without raising the gas tax and with-out adding a dime to the deficit. This bill will give States and local govern-ments the certainty they need to plan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.022 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6054 July 28, 2015 
for and commit to key infrastructure 
projects. 
The bill will also help to strengthen 
our Nation’s transportation system by increasing transparency in the alloca-tion of transportation dollars, stream-lining the permitting and environ-mental review processes and cutting redtape. 
Mr. President, over the past few 
years of Democratic control, the public has grown increasingly skeptical of Congress being able to function. When Republicans took the majority in Jan-uary, we promised the American people we would get the Senate working again, and we have been delivering on that promise. 
This Transportation bill is another 
major legislative achievement and the result of hard work by several commit-tees that put together key provisions to spur important infrastructure in-vestment and safety improvements. Republicans and Democrats alike got to make their voices heard in this proc-ess, and the resulting bill is stronger because of it. 
As chairman of the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, I had the opportunity to work on the commerce section of the bill. Our focus was on enhancing the safety of our Nation’s cars, trucks, and rail-roads, and the bill we produced makes key reforms that will enhance trans-port safety around the country. 
Over the past year, the commerce 
committee has spent a lot of time fo-cused on motor vehicle safety efforts. Last year was a record year for auto problems, with more than 63 million vehicles recalled. 
Two of the defects that have spurred 
recent auto recalls—the faulty General Motors ignition switch and the defec-tive airbag inflators from Takata—are responsible for numerous unnecessary deaths and injuries, at least 8 reported deaths in the case of Takata and more than 100 deaths in the case of General Motors. Indications point to the Takata recalls as being among the largest and most complex set of auto- related recalls in our Nation’s history, with more than 30 million cars af-fected. 
Given the seriousness of these re-
calls, when it came time to draft the highway bill, one of our priorities in the commerce committee was address-ing auto safety issues and promoting greater consumer awareness and cor-porate responsibility. The commerce section of the DRIVE Act now triples the civil penalties the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration can impose on automakers for a series of related safety violations—from a cap of $35 million to a cap of $105 million— which should provide a stronger deter-rent against auto safety violations such as those that occurred in the case of the faulty ignition switches at Gen-eral Motors. 
Our portion of the bill also improves 
notification methods to ensure that consumers are made aware of recalls. In the wake of the recall over the GM 
ignition switch defect, the inspector general at the Department of Transpor-tation published a scathing report identifying serious lapses of the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration, or NHTSA, the government agency responsible for overseeing safe-ty in our Nation’s cars and trucks. 
The concerns raised included ques-
tions about the agency’s ability to properly identify and investigate safe-ty problems—a concern that is further underscored, I might add, by the cir-cumstances surrounding the Takata re-calls. 
In addition to targeting violations by 
automakers, our portion of the high-way bill also addresses the lapses at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration identified in the in-spector general’s report. 
In its typical fashion, the Obama ad-
ministration claimed NHTSA’s prob-lems could be solved by simply throw-ing more money at the agency, but based on the expert testimony from the inspector general, it is clear money alone is not going to solve the problem. We need to ensure that the agency fixes what is broken before we provide a significant increase in funding au-thorization with taxpayer dollars. 
Our bill makes additional funding in-
creases for NHTSA’s vehicle safety ef-forts contingent on that agency’s im-plementation of reforms called for by the inspector general, ensuring that this agency will be in a better position to address vehicle safety problems in the future. 
I appreciate that NHTSA’s current 
administration and Administrator have pledged to implement all of these rec-ommendations. 
Another big focus of the commerce 
committee this year has been rail safe-ty. Nearly half of the commerce sec-tion of the DRIVE Act is made up of a bipartisan rail safety bill put together by the Republican junior Senator from Mississippi and the Democratic junior Senator from New Jersey. Their work on important rail and Amtrak reform was almost ready for a committee markup at the beginning of May, but after the tragic train derailment in Philadelphia, these two Senators opted to delay the markup and then added even more safety provisions to the bill they crafted. 
Their bill, which passed the com-
mittee with unanimous support from committee members of both parties, include provisions to strengthen our Nation’s rail infrastructure and smooths the way for the implementa-tion of new safety technologies. 
Our transportation infrastructure 
keeps our economy and our Nation going. Our Nation’s farmers depend on our rail system to move their crops to the market. Manufacturers rely on our Interstate Highway System to dis-tribute their goods to stores across the United States. All of us—all of us—de-pend on our Nation’s roads and bridges to get around every single day. For too long, transportation has been the sub-
ject of short-term legislation that leaves those responsible for building and for maintaining our Nation’s 
transportation system without the cer-tainty and the predictability they need to keep our roads and highways thriv-ing. 
I am proud of the bill we have on the 
floor before us. I hope we can pass this legislation as soon as possible and work with the House to develop a final bill that will allow us to fund our Na-tion’s transportation priorities on a long-term basis. We can’t afford to con-tinue this path we have been on of passing short-term extensions—33 al-ready in the last 5 years, more than 5 a year—and all the uncertainty that comes with that. That jeopardizes jobs across this country that are related to construction of these projects. It jeop-ardizes the planning and engineering and design work that our departments of transportation across the country do, and it puts at risk all of the trans-portation infrastructure that moves the freight, that moves people across this country, which our economy de-pends on. 
So I simply want to say that as a 
Member who represents a rural State, South Dakota—where we have 77,000 square miles, home to 800,000 people— we depend heavily on roads and bridges to get to and from our destinations. We have people who drive long distances to work. We have people who come into our State every single year. 
This time of the year we will have a 
million or so people descend upon a lit-tle town in South Dakota called Sturgis, which will be the place where the annual motorcycle rally is hosted. We have people who come by the thou-sands to our State every single year to visit the Black Hills and Mount Rush-more. We depend upon a good, viable, robust transportation system. 
As I mentioned earlier, we are an ag-
ricultural economy which drives the jobs in our State that keeps our Main Streets going. That agricultural econ-omy depends upon getting those things we raise and grow to the marketplace. That means good highways, railroads, ports—all the things that are essential to make sure our agricultural pro-ducers can get the things they raise and grow to the places and destinations they need to get to. 
This is truly important work we are 
doing. I thank the Senator from Okla-homa for his hard work. I certainly hope we can push this across the finish line soon, so we will be able to present it to the House of Representatives, not-withstanding the statements that have been made there. Perhaps they can look at this body of work and think, as we do, that this gives us an oppor-tunity to put something on the books, the longest term bill we have had lit-erally now in 10 years, and do some-thing important for our economy and for jobs. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.024 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6055 July 28, 2015 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first, I 
appreciate the comments made by the Senator from South Dakota, empha-sizing what can’t be done on short terms. I think we have been talking about that all morning. 
Last week, 100 mayors from across 
the Nation wrote to the Senate leaders urging for a long-term transportation bill. They said, ‘‘If the status quo con-tinues, deficient transportation infra-structure will cost American busi-nesses $430 billion by 2020.’’ 
Then there are the 31 construction 
and transportation groups that sent a harsh reminder to Congress that ‘‘past extensions have not led to a lasting so-lution to the Highway Trust Fund’s re-peated revenue shortfalls.’’ 
I remember because I have been 
around here for a while, and I have been through six of these transpor-tation reauthorization bills. In the in-terim, we always end up with short- term extensions. People don’t realize we can’t do major projects with short- term extensions. 
Now, I hear the argument sometimes 
that in this one we have a 6-year bill, but we are paying for only 3 years. That is fine. Make the argument. But there is something unique in the trans-portation system, which is that in the event we get through halfway—even though it is a 6-year bill—and the funds are not available to the existing short-ages of what we have added, then all projects stop. Not a penny can be spent. This isn’t true anyplace else in our government, and I think people have to realize that if we are going to do it. 
When the Senator from Minnesota 
was talking and showing these very graphic pictures of the bridge that col-lapsed killing 13 people, that really sends something home. We can’t wait until that happens before we do the re-sponsible thing. 
I have to remind my conservative 
friends it is our constitutional duty. When we were sworn into office, we swore to uphold the Constitution of the United States. The Constitution in ar-ticle I, section 8 tells us what we are supposed to be doing: We are supposed to be defending America, including our bridges and roads. That is what we are supposed to be doing. 
There is a way. I hope the people 
who—unless they just don’t want to take care of these big, serious problems and want to continue with the short- term extensions, there is a way we can do this. We will be asking for unani-mous consent to go ahead and make a vote on what we are voting on right now and considering. If all time has to expire, it would be 5 a.m. tomorrow on the Inhofe substitute for the bill. That means we then wouldn’t get around to having this bill passed until Thursday, and Thursday would be after the House is gone. So it is over. That is it. This would be a very easy thing to do. 
Again, I am going to remind people 
that while we don’t have the chance for amendments after this vote takes place, we can still have the manager’s 
amendment, where I personally will consider every one of the amendments that comes forth. I am hoping that will happen. 
That is what we are faced with right 
now. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:35 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, this 
Friday, July 31, the authorization for the highway trust fund will expire and the fund itself will be nearly out of money. That means that unless Con-gress acts, projects in New Hampshire and across the country will grind to an abrupt halt. In the face of this, the House has passed yet another short- term, stopgap bill. The Senate is now debating and amending a long-term highway bill. 
My clear preference is for a long- 
term bill. I think it would be a terrible mistake to pass yet another short-term extension without at the same time taking action on a long-term bill like the Senate is currently doing. Only passing another short-term extension— which would be the 34th since 2008— without taking steps toward a multiyear bill would be kicking the can down the road, and in this case the road is overwhelmed by traffic, badly in need of modernization, and filled with patches and potholes. If you have driven around on the roads in the Dis-trict of Columbia, sometimes you won-der where you are because they are so bad, so filled with potholes. For a coun-try that seeks to remain competitive in the 21st century, as we do in Amer-ica, this is totally dysfunctional and destructive. 
There are few more basic and nec-
essary functions of government than providing for modernized highways, bridges, and other transportation infra-structure. Yet in Congress we have been grossly neglecting this responsi-bility. China spends about 9 percent of gross domestic product on infrastruc-ture. Brazil spends about 8 percent. Even in Europe they are spending about 4 percent. But infrastructure spending in the United States has fall-en to just 2 percent of GDP. 
Our highways and bridges face an $800 
billion backlog of investment needs, in-cluding nearly half a trillion dollars in critical repair work. Americans spend a staggering 5.5 billion hours stuck in traffic each year. Yet in early May we saw a budget pass out of this Congress supported by the majority party that 
slashed Federal funding for transpor-tation by 40 percent over the next dec-ade. 
I am especially concerned about dis-
repair and decay among our Nation’s bridges. That is why I filed an amend-ment which is a bill I have introduced in previous Congresses called the SAFE Bridges Act. The Federal Highway Ad-ministration has identified more than 145,000—145,000—structurally deficient or functionally obsolete bridges. That is more than 20 percent of all the bridges in the United States. In New Hampshire it is actually a higher per-centage. 
In May, I went with the mayor and 
city manager of Concord—New Hamp-shire’s State capital—to inspect the rusted-out and now-closed Sewalls Falls Bridge, which is one of the three critical bridges in Concord across the Merrimack River. I worked very hard with the city—our office did—to get necessary approvals from the U.S. De-partment of Transportation to replace this bridge. In fact, it is a replacement project that started back in 1994. The city of Concord lined up all the permits and approvals—and then nothing. Be-cause of uncertainty about Federal funding for the project, it was stopped dead in its tracks. 
My amendment, the SAFE Bridges 
Act, would authorize an additional $2 billion annually for the next 3 years to enable States to repair and replace their structurally deficient or func-tionally obsolete bridges. States would get funding based on their share of de-ficient bridges nationwide, and the ad-ditional funding is fully paid for by closing a corporate tax loophole. 
As the Senate continues to debate 
the Transportation bill, I hope we do get an opportunity to vote on relevant amendments like my SAFE Bridges Act. 
The neglect of our transportation in-
frastructure is creating congestion and gridlock on our roads. It is hurting our economy and our global competitive-ness. It is also killing jobs—especially in the construction trades, where em-ployment has yet to recover from the great recession. 
According to a Duke University 
study, providing Federal funding to meet the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation’s infrastructure requests would create nearly 2.5 million new jobs. So our investment in this industry, which is one of the slowest recovering from the recession, would create millions of new jobs. 
Several months ago, I joined in a bi-
partisan group of eight Senators who had previously served as Governors— Senators K
ING, R OUNDS , K AINE, 
HOEVEN , W ARNER , CARPER , M ANCHIN , 
and myself. We sent a letter to our Senate colleagues urging that we com-mit to fully funding national infra-structure priorities and that we put a stop to the dysfunctional short-term fixes that have become routine in re-cent years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.018 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6056 July 28, 2015 
I know the Presiding Officer appre-
ciates that it was a visionary Repub-lican President, Dwight Eisenhower, who championed the Interstate High-way System in this country. The Na-tional Interstate and Defense Highways Act of 1956—I think it is critical to think about the title of that bill which was not just about commerce, but it was also about defense. It was about the security of our country. It ensured dedicated Federal funding to build a network that today encompasses more than 46,000 miles of roadways. That system has transformed our economy and created countless millions of jobs, but it is now six decades old. Its dedi-cated funding mechanism, the highway trust fund, is chronically underfunded and just days from becoming insolvent. It is time for Congress to come to-gether on a bipartisan basis to break the cycle of patchwork fixes. 
The bill before us is not perfect. 
There are a number of provisions in-cluded that I don’t agree with, if I had been writing the bill, but it is a com-promise measure, and it was ably nego-tiated by the leadership of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, Senator I
NHOFE and Senator B OXER , 
along with numerous others in this body. 
We have the opportunity to pass a 6- 
year authorization bill with 3 years of funding. Yet what is happening in the House today? The House is passing an-other short-term extension. They are getting ready to leave town. They are not even going to stay and take up the long-term bill that is going to come out of the Senate. They are going to give us another short-term bill that is going to leave States such as New Hampshire up in the air, with thou-sands of people who are not sure if they are going to have a job next week when the money runs out, who aren’t sure what the future is going to hold, com-panies that can’t plan because they don’t know if we have a long-term highway funding bill. 
It is now time for Congress to pass a 
fully funded, multiyear highway bill that will allow governments at all lev-els to plan long-term capital invest-ment projects and to build a 21st-cen-tury transportation system that meets the needs of our 21st-century economy. 
I hope that we in the Senate will be 
able to pass this bill and that our House colleagues will recognize they need to stay here and get this work done. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
KEYSTONE PIPELINE AND OIL SANCTIONS ON  
IRAN 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am 
here to speak about energy, both lower 
cost energy and who is going to supply it. 
One might say: Why today? Well, be-
cause sources tell me that after almost 7 years, President Obama is going to turn down the Keystone Pipeline project—7 years. This is an application that was filed by the TransCanada company in September 2008. So here we are in year 6, and in September it will be 7 years that the application has been pending. The administration has still not made a decision—defeat through delay. So the question is, Why then is he going to turn down the project now? It is because he will wait until Congress is out of session in Au-gust. Then he will turn down the project while Congress is not in session to have less pushback, less criticism, of his decision if he makes it under the radar. That timing is understandable because he is making a political deci-sion rather than a decision based on the merits. 
As we know, Congress overwhelm-
ingly supports the project. The House overwhelmingly passed approval of the Keystone Pipeline project. In the Sen-ate, we had 62 votes in favor of the measure. We were actually missing some of our Members or we would have had 63, but there was strong over-whelming bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate. We sent the bill to the President and he vetoed it, but he still has not made a decision. He vetoed it saying it was up to him to make a decision, not the Congress. Congress went on record overwhelm-ingly in support of the project. Con-gress approved the project, but he ve-toed the bill. 
It is the President’s decision to 
make. Now we hear he is going to make it and turn down the project, but the Congress overwhelmingly supports it. The States on the Keystone Pipeline route overwhelmingly support it. There are six States on the route and every single State has approved the project: Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas. They all approved the project. Congress sup-ports it, the States support it, but most importantly the American people support it. In poll after poll, the Amer-ican people have overwhelmingly shown support for the project—65 to 70 percent—strong, overwhelming support for the project. 
Why do they support it? This is what 
it is all about: the merits of the project. They support it on the merits because it means more energy for this country that is produced in this coun-try, in Canada, in my home State of North Dakota, and in Montana. There are 830,000 barrels of oil a day produced in Canada and the United States that can be refined in our refineries and can be used right here, rather than getting it from some other country such as 
OPEC, Russia, Venezuela, you name it. It is energy we produce here at home. First and foremost, Americans support it because they want our energy pro-duced at home. They want us to be en-ergy secure. It is about jobs. It is about jobs. 
This is a multibillion-dollar invest-
ment that creates good construction jobs. It is about economic growth, growing our economy here at home, working with our closest friend and ally, Canada. It is also about national security through energy security—not having to depend on the Middle East or OPEC for our energy. It doesn’t cost the Federal Government a penny—not 
a penny. This is, as I say, a multibil-lion-dollar project that is completely built with private investment that would generate hundreds of millions of dollars in local, State, and Federal tax revenue. It would not cost the Federal Government one penny, generating hundreds of millions of dollars in cash revenues at the local, State, and Fed-eral levels. 
But maybe the greatest irony of all is 
this: At the same time the President is making it harder to produce energy here at home in our country and get energy from our closest friend and ally Canada, he wants to make it easier to produce oil in Iran. Think about that. Right now the President is pressing Congress to approve an agreement with Iran that would remove the sanctions on oil production and exports in Iran. Under the proposed agreement that the President has submitted to this Con-gress, he includes releasing the U.S. sanctions put in place by Congress that limit and restrict Iran’s ability to produce and export oil. These include energy sanctions that limit Iran’s sale of crude oil, which was specifically passed by Congress. Also, he wants to remove the sanctions on investment in Iran’s oil, gas, petrochemical, and automotive sectors—again, sanctions passed by Congress. He wants to re-move sanctions on the energy sector equipment and gasoline sanctions that were passed by Congress. In essence, what the President is doing is allowing Iran to export its oil, he is allowing in-vestment to help them produce more oil, and he is allowing the export to Iran of technology that will help them produce more oil and gas. At the same time, by turning down Keystone, the President is making it harder for us to produce and transport oil and gas in our country and work with our strong-est ally, Canada. So what is the net ef-fect of that? The net effect of that is it helps put OPEC back in the driver’s seat. 
If you don’t believe me, let’s just 
take a look at the numbers. The num-bers don’t lie. Prior to 2012, before we put the Kirk-Menendez congressional sanctions in place as part of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act at the end of 2011, during that year, at that time in 2011, Iran was producing 2.6 million barrels of oil a day. By 2013, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.026 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6057 July 28, 2015 
after the Kirk-Menendez sanctions had 
been in effect, Iran was down to export-ing only 1.1 million barrels a day. Iran had gone from 2.6 million barrels a day down to 1.1 million barrels a day of oil they were producing, exporting, and getting paid for. We cut that by more than half. 
My State of North Dakota alone pro-
duces 1.2 million barrels a day. That is more than Iran is exporting right now, but if all these sanctions come off, Iran 
gets to go back up to that 2.6 million and beyond. One million barrels at $50 a barrel is $50 million a day. One can see this means hundreds of millions and billions of dollars to Iran. This is certainly something to think about, going from 2.6 million barrels a day and having put sanctions in place, knocking it down to 1.1 million bar-rels—and that is with exceptions the President has allowed to the sanctions. That is without the sanctions being fully implemented. It shows that the sanctions are very effective. It also shows that if we release them, Iran will get incredible amounts of money—not only dollars that have been held from them, but dollars they are going to generate every day from increased oil production. 
So the President wants us to relieve 
these sanctions at the same time he, in essence, impedes our oil and our growth in energy development in this country. 
The simple question I have is, How 
does that make sense? How does that make sense? How do we get into a situ-ation where we are enabling Iran to produce more oil, but the U.S. produces less? That makes no sense, but that is the impact of the President’s decision. 
The President will make an argu-
ment that is based on environmental factors. He will say he is making that decision for environmental reasons. He doesn’t want the oil produced in Can-ada. He usually just doesn’t talk about the light sweet crude that is produced in the Bakken area of North Dakota and Montana, which is the lightest, sweetest crude I know of. He tries to make the argument that he doesn’t like oil that is produced in Canada for environmental reasons. 
Remember I said this has been pend-
ing now for almost 7 years. We are in year 6. In the President’s own Depart-ment of State, the environmental im-pact statement says the Keystone will have no significant environmental im-pact. It will be interesting to see when Congress is out of session—in August when the President turns this down, trying to get under the radar—what he has to say about how he is going to ad-dress the State Department’s clear en-vironmental impact statement, finding no significant environmental impact, but we will see what it is. At the same time, the President will work to con-vince Americans that all sanctions should be lifted from Iran so they can produce more oil and bring more money into their country. 
There is an old saying. Essentially it 
goes like this: Those who fail to heed the lessons of history are destined to 
repeat them. President Obama is not breaking our dependence on foreign oil, he is reinstating it. The President is not strengthening our energy future, he is weakening it, and I urge him to reconsider. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I ask unanimous 
consent to speak as in morning busi-ness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, 
every day it seems as though Ameri-cans are hearing more and more news about how badly ObamaCare is failing. Some of the latest headlines have had to do with just how expensive health insurance is going to be next year under the President’s health care law. The price increases that are being re-ported are truly staggering. Insurance companies are planning to raise rates 20 percent, 30 percent, even 40 percent on some of their plans, and they say it is because of the health care law. 
The New York Times had an article 
just a couple of weeks ago. It quoted one lead advocate in the State of Or-egon saying specifically that some peo-ple may ‘‘start wondering if insurance is affordable, or if it’s worth the money.’’ 
Well, a lot of Americans have been 
wondering if the entire health care law is actually worth the money. Now, some Democrats have said that these outrageous price increases will not af-fect everyone. Well, they sure affect a lot of people. You know, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle say that the increases will not be as large as they are going to be, if you are willing to switch plans every year or if you ac-cept less access to doctors or even less access to medications. 
Well, the argument makes the same 
mistake that President Obama made from the beginning about the health care law, and it confuses coverage with actual care. In Connecticut, some in-surance companies say they have come up with ways to slow down the increase in their premiums. What they are doing is they are actually cutting ac-cess to care. One company decided that it could save some money by reducing the use of specialty drugs. So some people who have this insurance may not be getting the drugs they used to get. 
Another company in Connecticut de-
cided that it could charge a little less by limiting the number of doctors that the patients could see. Instead of rais-ing rates by 12.5 percent next year as they had planned, they said the com-
pany will now just be raising rates 11.5 percent. That is the kind of situation that hard-working families are facing— higher premiums, less access to care. 
These narrow networks of hospitals 
and doctors are not just hurting people in Connecticut. They are turning up in ObamaCare plans all across the coun-try. There was a study that came out this month. It found that plans offered through ObamaCare insurance ex-changes across the country covered 34 percent fewer doctors than the average plan sold outside the exchanges. 
Now, it is even worse for some spe-
cialists. According to the report, ex-change plans include 42 percent fewer oncology and cardiac specialists. That is cancer doctors. That is heart doc-tors. So if you have cancer or if you have a heart condition, there is a much lower chance that your doctor is cov-ered by your ObamaCare insurance. 
People are paying outrageously high 
premiums, copays, and deductibles, and they are left with insurance coverage that may not cover their care. So a lot of people have decided they just cannot afford the Affordable Care Act. They would rather pay a tax penalty to the IRS than spend hard-earned money on this limited and expensive ObamaCare insurance. According to the IRS, last year 7.5 million hard-working tax-payers paid that tax penalty. That is 1 out of 17 taxpayers. Another 12 million people could not afford ObamaCare in-surance or did not want it, and they filed a form saying they should not have to pay the penalty at all because it was unaffordable. There were only 6 million people who actually signed up for ObamaCare exchange plans last year. Almost 20 million people rejected ObamaCare because it was too expen-sive and it was not right for them and their families. 
Now, President Obama has said re-
peatedly that the health care law is working—he said even better than he expected. Is this what he is talking about—even better than he expected? More Americans are rejecting ObamaCare than are signing up for it on the Federal exchange. Is that better than the President expected? Does President Obama think that the Fed-eral insurance exchange is working better than he expected? 
There were headlines about this re-
cently as well and how Washington has failed to protect taxpayer dollars. The Government Accountability Office set up a test of healthcare.gov, the Presi-dent’s Web site, the one that failed so miserably. What they did is they cre-ated 12 fraudulent applications in order to see if they could actually get health insurance subsidies using fraudulent applications, and 11 of those 12 phony applications were approved last year. Now, here we are a year later. It turns out that the Washington bureaucrats— you cannot believe it—reviewed these policies and renewed the taxpayer- funded subsidies for all 11 of these phony applicants. Some of them even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.030 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6058 July 28, 2015 
got higher subsidies this year than 
they did last year. 
So what does the Government Ac-
countability Office say about it? Well, the chief investigator looked at it. He said: There still appears to be no sys-tem in place—no system in place—to catch missing or fabricated docu-mentation. It is incredible and it is dis-turbing, and it is no surprise that tax-payers are offended. 
Finally, we are also seeing more news 
about one of the taxes that the Demo-
crats included in their health care law. There was a headline in the New York Times last Wednesday: ‘‘Concern Grows on Health Tax.’’ That was on Wednes-day, July 22, first page of the business section. ‘‘Concern Grows on Health Tax.’’ Now, this is about the new 40- percent tax on so-called Cadillac health insurance plans. These are the plans that employers offer to their workers. These are the plans that Washington says are too generous. 
The article tells the story of Kurt 
Gallow, who works at a paper mill in Longview, WA. When you follow over, it says: Concern grows over excise tax’s effect on health care plans. There are a number of people working and talking at this location in Longview, WA. But the story of Kurt is also about his wife, Brenda. She has diabetes. The article says that Kurt and Brenda are ‘‘wor-rying about his company’s proposed new health care plan, which would re-quire workers to pay as much as $6,000 toward their family’s medical bills.’’ 
Now, that is a huge amount of money 
for anyone. But it is a huge amount of money for some of these very hard- working families. Now, these are changes that their employer has to make because of the President’s health care law. You know what. This is not even an ObamaCare plan. This is not something they are buying through the exchange. These are people who get their insurance through work. Now, President Obama said that if you get your insurance through your job, ‘‘nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the cov-erage or the doctor you have.’’ 
Well, millions of Americans across 
the country are finding out that was just one more expensive broken prom-ise made by the President. ObamaCare continues to be a complicated and cost-ly mess. Republicans have offered good ideas about how to lower health care costs, how to improve access, and how to help Americans lead healthier lives. We all have ideas that will get rid of some of the ridiculous Washington-im-posed mandates that are driving up costs and forcing so many Americans to go without insurance and certainly without care. 
Six years ago, the American people 
were unhappy with health care in this country. They did not think the solu-tion was higher prices, less access to care, and higher taxes as well. The American people are not satisfied with these constant headlines about all of the problems with the President’s health care law. Congress should not be satisfied with 
the current state of health care in this country either or with the disastrous side effects of the President’s health care law. It is time for the President to admit the health care law is causing pain and problems all across the coun-try. It is time to start anew, to give people the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower costs. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we all 
know the Chamber is engaged in the passage of a multiyear highway bill— not just highways, but this deals with mass transit, transportation infra-structure in general. To me, the most important thing about what we are doing is the fact we are not going to do another temporary patch—which we have done, I am told, 33 times—but we actually are going to pass a 3-year highway bill. 
To me, the best news, I would say to 
the Presiding Officer, is now it looks as if we have the House thoroughly en-gaged, so it is not just a question of this bill or nothing. Perhaps, if experi-ence is any guide, we can come up with something even better by collaborating with our House colleagues. 
I wanted to come to the floor and 
talk a little bit about the impact of this bill on my State, the State of Texas, because we are a fast-growing State. We have about 27 million people there now. People are moving from around the country to Texas because our economy is growing. Last year, our economy grew at the rate of 5.2 per-cent. To compare that to the Nation, last year the Nation’s economy grew at 
2.2 percent. What does that mean? That means there are a lot more jobs and a lot more opportunities, so people are literally voting with their feet, leaving the States where there are limited op-portunities and coming to States such as Texas where there are more opportu-nities. But that means more conges-tion, more traffic, and more challenges when it comes to our roadways, our rural freight routes, and it means chal-lenges for our economy. 
Many States, of course, would be de-
lighted to have the problems we are having because, frankly, people are moving away from many States, not to many States. I know the Presiding Of-ficer’s State of Oklahoma is experi-encing economic growth and job growth too because we share a common interest and sector of our economy, the energy economy, which the rest of the country would do well to learn from the examples in Oklahoma and Texas as part of our economic success story. 
As others have mentioned, one of the 
chief reasons this bill has so much en-thusiasm behind it is because it gives 
freedom and flexibility to the States to plan for infrastructure needs in the fu-ture. It perhaps should go without say-ing, but a 6-month patch, if we were to kick this over until December, doesn’t give anybody any certainty to plan these long-term infrastructure projects which take literally not months but years. 
As I said, for a State such as Texas 
that is growing rapidly—by some esti-mates 600 people a day are moving to the State—improving our roadways and bridges is vitally important for the continued growth of our economy and increased prosperity for our people, and we have the practical challenge of han-dling a growing number of cars and trucks on our roads. One way this bill gives added freedom and flexibility to the States is through a provision that would help Texas and other border States meet their growing infrastruc-ture needs, particularly at the south-ern border, with improvements that are not only necessary to get us and goods from point A to point B, but to keep us safe as well. 
Frequently, when we talk about the 
border, we talk about border security. That is a very important consideration and, frankly, we have not committed the Federal resources we should to bor-der security to make sure we know who is coming into the country and why they are here. Of course, we know that recently, even in the news, people have continued to penetrate our border, even those with criminal records, caus-ing havoc and, indeed, committing crimes against innocent people such as occurred recently in the terrible inci-dent that happened in San Francisco. 
Our border, border infrastructure, 
and border security are the front lines of our defense, to keep our people safe, to regulate who comes into the coun-try, and to make sure that only legiti-mate people can enter. 
The question is—as one law professor 
recently testified before the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, when it comes to immigration, there is really only one question: Are you going to have con-trolled immigration or uncontrolled immigration? It is basically that sim-ple. 
I am on the floor to talk about trans-
portation and the importance of this bill in terms of the border infrastruc-ture when it comes to trade and com-merce, but as I mentioned, it also is an important frontline when it comes to the safety and security of the Amer-ican people. 
We are fortunate in Texas to be the 
top exporting State in the Nation. That is one of the reasons our economy has grown faster than the rest of the country. The agricultural products that are grown there, the livestock that is raised, and the manufactured goods that are made are exported to markets all around the world, which creates good jobs, well-paying jobs at home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.031 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6059 July 28, 2015 
It also takes good infrastructure to 
move more than $100 billion in ex-ported goods from Texas to Mexico each year, supporting hundreds of thousands of jobs in Texas alone. It is estimated, when you look at the Na-tion as a whole, that binational trade between Mexico and the United States supports as many as 6 million Amer-ican jobs. That is something we fre-quently overlook when we talk about our relationship with our neighbor south of the border and immigration, and that is there are many benefits to legal trade, traffic, controlled legal im-migration, and, indeed, as I mentioned, $100 billion of exported goods from Texas to Mexico each year supporting hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
In this bill, by allowing Texas and 
other border States more flexibility in long-term planning of border projects, consumers and workers can benefit as goods are shipped more efficiently back and forth. Our border infrastructure is essential to moving massive amounts of trade, which travel through our ports of entry every day. For Texas and the United States to remain competi-tive, the border region must have the quality infrastructure to truck, train, and ship billions of dollars’ worth of goods efficiently and safely. 
Doing nothing to invest in transpor-
tation at the border is not a viable op-tion. A recent report from the Texas State Legislature found that $116 mil-lion in U.S. economic output is lost or forfeited every single minute. The trucks sit idle at the border with Mex-ico. They are literally frozen in place because they are bottlenecked because of archaic, antiquated infrastructure and lack of appropriate staffing at the border. 
Infrastructure on the border also 
plays another important role, pre-venting things such as illicit drugs and merchandise from entering the coun-try. In many respects, as I said, our border crossings, the technology em-ployed there, and the professionals who work there—they are the first line of defense against bad actors who want to get into the country illegally or get contraband goods through our ports. 
In Texas, better roads and bridges at 
the border region mean better eco-nomic opportunity and quality of life for our growing border communities. Fortunately, the border infrastructure provision in this highway bill would give the Governor in Texas and all other border States the freedom to as-sess the biggest transportation prob-lems facing those States and would also provide essential tools to address them. 
By dedicating funds to invest in bor-
der infrastructure projects at the dis-cretion of State Governors, we can make sure our States have the re-sources they need to enhance trade and travel and to keep us safe at the same time. 
This is not, of course, a new notion. 
Throughout my time in the Senate, I have worked with folks in Texas and elsewhere, people on both sides of the 
aisle and on both ends of the Capitol, to try to find ways to facilitate greater levels of legitimate commerce and travel at our Nation’s ports of entry and throughout the border region. 
I am thankful for making this 
progress in this legislation. I commend my Texas colleagues—Congressmen W
ILLHURDand H ENRY CUELLAR , among 
others—for working with us and for in-troducing similar legislation on border infrastructure in their Chamber. Hope-fully, as we now move from a Senate bill to a House bill that can then be reconciled in a conference committee, these important improvements will be retained and be part of a conference re-port. 
The bottom line is that quality infra-
structure and making sure our border is safe and effective is a bipartisan, bi-cameral issue, and one that clearly unites people in my State and across the border region of our southern States. 
I am thankful to see this provision 
included, and I hope it gets passed soon to give our States the opportunity to dedicate even more necessary resources to the border. 
This provision is an important exam-
ple of the overall theme of this bill, giving the States a reliable way for-ward to plan for their long-term infra-structure needs. More than anything else, I believe this legislation is an in-vestment in our future and the next generation. 
I thank all of our colleagues for 
working with us to get this bill moving forward. We have an important vote to-morrow morning, and then we have an-other final passage vote, I believe, on Thursday. In the meantime, the House is going to send us a 3-month bill, which will give us the necessary time for the House then to consider their own transportation bill and then to get us to a conference where we can rec-oncile the differences. 
As the Presiding Officer and I have 
discussed before in the past, if that is any indication, that will give us even greater ability to influence the ulti-mate outcome in a way that improves this product in a bicameral and bipar-tisan sort of way. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, in recent 
weeks, the American people have learned the shocking story of the bar-baric practices Planned Parenthood uses to terminate life and to harvest organs of innocent human life. In a video released earlier this month that has gone viral—as it should have—the senior director of medical research at 
Planned Parenthood explained the process by which she harvests aborted body parts to be provided for medical research. I quote her: 
We’ve been very good at getting heart, 
lung, liver, because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna to see if I can get it all intact. 
Additional videos have been re-
leased—I am told more are to come— with Planned Parenthood officials dis-cussing the organ harvesting of fetuses. Unborn children. Beating hearts on the sonogram, on the screen. Human beings. 
Despite the stunning impact and out-
rage of millions of Americans, Planned Parenthood’s response to the release of these videos is this: Blame the mes-senger or the videographer, but let’s not address the practice of harvesting aborted body parts. 
Ross Douthat writes for the New 
York Times. I urge every Senator to read his July 25, 2015, column, entitled ‘‘Looking Away From Abortion.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, July 25, 2015] 
LOOKING AWAYFROMABORTION  
(By Ross Douthat) 
In an essay in his 1976 collection, ‘‘Mortal 
Lessons,’’ the physician Richard Selzer de-scribes a strange suburban scene. People go outside in the morning in his neighborhood, after the garbage trucks have passed, and find ‘‘a foreignness upon the pavement,’’ a softness underfoot. 
Looking down, Selzer first thinks he sees 
oversize baby birds, then rubber baby dolls, until the realization comes that the street is littered with the tiny, naked, all-too-human bodies of aborted fetuses. 
Later, the local hospital director speaks to 
Selzer, trying to impose order on the grisly scene. It was an accident, of course: The tiny corpses were accidentally ‘‘mixed up with the other debris’’ instead of being inciner-ated or interred. ‘‘It is not an everyday oc-currence. Once in a lifetime, he says.’’ 
And Selzer tries to nod along: ‘‘Now you 
see. It is orderly. It is sensible. The world is not mad. This is still a civilized society . . . 
‘‘But just this once, you know it isn’t. You 
saw, and you know.’’ 
Resolute abortion rights supporters would 
dismiss that claim of knowledge. Death and viscera are never pretty, they would say, but something can be disgusting without being barbaric. Just because it’s awful to discover fetuses underfoot doesn’t mean the unborn have a right to life. 
And it’s precisely this argument that’s 
been marshaled lately in response to a new reminder of the fleshly realities of abortion: The conversations, videotaped covertly by pro-life activists posing as fetal organ buy-ers, in which officials from Planned Parent-hood cheerfully discuss the procedures for extracting those organs intact during an abortion and the prices they command. 
It may be disturbing to hear those proce-
dures described: ‘‘. . . we’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all intact.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.032 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6060 July 28, 2015 
It may be unseemly to hear a Planned Par-
enthood official haggle over pricing for those organs: ‘‘Let me just figure out what others are getting, and if this is in the ballpark, then it’s fine, if it’s still low, then we can bump it up. I want a Lamborghini.’’ 
But in the end, Planned Parenthood’s de-
fenders insist, listening to an abortionist dis-cuss manipulating the ‘‘calvarium’’ (that is, the dying fetus’s skull) so that it emerges re-search-ready from the womb is fundamen-tally no different than listening to a doctor discuss heart surgery or organ transplants. It’s unsettling, yes, but just because it’s gross doesn’t prove it’s wrong. 
Which is true, but in this case not really 
true enough. Because real knowledge isn’t purely theoretical; it’s the fruit of experi-ence, recognition, imagination, life itself. 
And the problem these videos create for 
Planned Parenthood isn’t just a generalized queasiness at surgery and blood. 
It’s a very specific disgust, informed by 
reason and experience—the reasoning that notes that it’s precisely a fetus’s humanity that makes its organs valuable, and the ex-perience of recognizing one’s own children, on the ultrasound monitor and after, as something more than just ‘‘products of con-ception’’ or tissue for the knife. 
That’s why Planned Parenthood’s apolo-
gists have fallen back on complaints about ‘‘deceptive editing’’ (though full videos were released in both cases), or else simply asked people to look away. And it’s why many of my colleagues in the press seem uncomfort-able reporting on the actual content of the videos. 
Because dwelling on that content gets you 
uncomfortably close to Selzer’s tipping point—that moment when you start pon-dering the possibility that an institution at the heart of respectable liberal society is dedicated to a practice that deserves to be called barbarism. 
That’s a hard thing to accept. It’s part of 
why so many people hover in the conflicted borderlands of the pro-choice side. They don’t like abortion, they think its critics have a point . . . but to actively join our side would require passing too comprehensive a judgment on their coalition, their country, their friends, their very selves. 
This reluctance is a human universal. It’s 
why white Southerners long preferred Lost Cause mythology to slaveholding realities. It’s why patriotic Americans rarely want to dwell too long on My Lai or Manzanar or Na-gasaki. It’s why, like many conservatives, I was loath to engage with the reality of tor-ture in Bush-era interrogation programs. 
But the reluctance to look closely doesn’t 
change the truth of what there is to see. Those were dead human beings on Richard Selzer’s street 40 years ago, and these are dead human beings being discussed on video today: Human beings that the nice, idealistic medical personnel at Planned Parenthood have spent their careers crushing, evacu-ating, and carving up for parts. 
The pro-life sting was sweeping; there are 
reportedly 10 videos to go. You can turn away. But there will be plenty of chances to look, to see, to know. 
Mr. COATS. I will share a couple of 
excerpts from his piece. 
Writing in the New York Times, Ross 
Douthat says: 
And the problem these videos create for 
Planned Parenthood isn’t just a generalized queasiness at surgery and blood. It’s a very specific disgust, informed by reason and ex-perience—the reasoning that notes that it’s precisely a fetus’s humanity that makes its organs valuable, and the experience of recog-nizing one’s own children, on the ultrasound monitor and after, as something more than just ‘‘products of conception’’ or tissue for 
the knife. 
For those who defend the role of 
Planned Parenthood, Douthat writes that reflecting on the content of these videos ‘‘gets you uncomfortably close to . . . that moment when you start pondering the possibility that an insti-tution at the heart of respectable lib-eral society is dedicated to a practice that deserves to be called barbarism.’’ 
I wish to repeat that again. He writes 
about the barbarity of what has taken place here and the videos of the re-sponse of Planned Parenthood—the de-scription of what actually is happening to a child on the way to birth, seen in the ultrasound, hearing the beating of the heart, and then talking about the methods used so that certain parts of that body are not crushed and so that other parts of the body can be har-vested for other purposes and sold— sold for money. That this is part of what Planned Parenthood is all about is just stunning. 
Douthat said that even though people 
want to ignore it, even though they want to talk about it and blame the videographer—that he took things out of context—how can you take what is said and happened out of context and provide any rationale or justification for what is being done? 
He said: But surely that is the mo-
ment when you start to ponder the pos-sibility that an institution at the heart of respectable liberal society is actu-ally dedicated to a practice that de-
serves to be called barbarism. That is a hard thing to accept, he said. 
But, as difficult as that is, Douthat 
states that we must acknowledge that what is being discussed in these videos is human beings, and the nice, ideal-istic medical personnel at Planned Par-enthood have spent their careers crush-ing, evacuating, and carving up that human life for parts to be sold on the market. 
It is important that this body let 
Planned Parenthood know the Amer-ican people do not support these inhu-mane practices. Congress should debate this issue. It should vote. It should vote soon. It should not leave here for our August recess until we send a clear message to Planned Parenthood that this is totally unacceptable, that the taxpayers of America will not fund with 1 cent of their tax dollars this barbaric practice, provided through an agency that pretends to be offering sound health care advice to pregnant mothers. Every Senator should have the opportunity to affirm that life is sacred and a precious gift, and it must be protected. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SUPREME COURT DECISIONS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor to give my analysis of the last year of Supreme Court deci-sions. There is a misconception that our Supreme Court is conservative, but in the term that just ended, the Su-preme Court upheld a key provision of ObamaCare. It read the plain language of that ObamaCare statute that pro-vided that health insurance subsidies apply only to exchanges established by the States and said that they are avail-able on exchanges created by the Fed-eral Government. 
It ruled that fair housing discrimina-
tion cases can be brought even where there is no intent to discriminate. A harmful impact, then, is enough to bring a case. 
It found that same-sex marriages are 
constitutionally required. 
It expanded the reach of the Preg-
nancy Discrimination Act and made it easier to win cases under that law. 
The Court decided that racial gerry-
mandering cases under section 5 of the Voting Rights Act must consider the effect on individual districts regardless of minority voting in the State as a whole. The Court said as well that in those cases, courts must look beyond the numbers when deciding whether minority voters have been packed into districts to dilute their influence on elections. 
In fact, the Court reflected a very lib-
eral bent in the last term. More worri-some, its liberalism derives not from the Constitution but the policy pref-erences of the Justices. Application of longstanding political science models shows that this year’s Supreme Court rulings were the most liberal since the Warren Court years of the 1960s. As a UCLA professor stated, ‘‘Shockingly, the Supreme Court may have been more liberal than the Obama Adminis-tration this term.’’ 
The liberal Justices and the conserv-
ative Justices on the Supreme Court judge differently, and that is what I want to show to my colleagues. The conservative Justices acted as umpires, for the most part. They considered the facts and the law and decided the cases as they understood the Constitution. The liberal Justices prevailed so fre-quently because Justice Kennedy, Chief Justice Roberts, and—at least one time—Justice Thomas each voted with the liberals in at least two close, sig-nificant cases. As a University of Michigan professor commented, ‘‘The chief justice really does take restraint seriously. At times, that is going to put a justice in contraposition to what his ideological preferences might be.’’ 
By contrast, looking at the other end 
of the spectrum, there are no close cases in which even a single liberal Justice voted with conservative Jus-tices to make a majority. Only two of the major cases were decided 5 to 4 in a conservative direction. 
The New York Times identified the 10 
most important cases of the term. The Washington Post selected 13 cases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.002 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6061 July 28, 2015 
Whichever list is consulted, liberal re-
sults predominated. In each of the cases, the four liberal Justices voted as a bloc for a—as you might expect—lib-eral result. I want to show why this isn’t a coincidence. The liberal Jus-tices act like players on the same team. Liberal Justices have actually admitted that they strategize in ad-vance to vote as a bloc in support of liberal outcomes. Justice Ginsburg stated this last year: ‘‘We have made a concerted effort to speak with one voice in important cases.’’ I fear that this attitude and the votes of these Justices give rise to an appearance that their loyalties are to each other and to their preferred principles and policies rather than to the Constitu-tion. Certainly, it is easier to make cases come out the way you want than 
to carefully consider the facts, prece-dent, text, and the arguments of the parties before reaching a decision that might run counter to your preferred outcome. And for those Justices, it is easier to do so if you know you have four votes in your pocket before you begin the task. 
We accept the important role the Su-
preme Court plays in our constitu-tional system. The Constitution trumps the inconsistent policy choices of the American people enacted through their elected representatives. That is what we call the rule of law. But when Justices strike down laws based not on the Constitution but on their own policy preferences, that is the rule of judges. The Court in that instance acts as a superlegislature. Those rulings should, therefore, be questioned. At my town meeting Sat-urday in Iowa, they were being ques-tioned. The Justices’ personal policy views are entitled to no more respect than the policy views of the American people. 
When Supreme Court nominees come 
before the Judiciary Committee for confirmation, they know better than to say they will enforce their own views. They don’t say the Constitution is a living document with a meaning that changes over time. They know they wouldn’t be confirmed if that is what they said. Instead, they say the text controls or if the text is unclear, the structure and the original intent of the Founders govern. They say constitu-tional interpretation is not about poli-tics or good policy; they tell us it is ‘‘law all the way down.’’ But when they get on the bench, all bets seem to be off. 
For instance, the text of the Con-
stitution allows the government to de-prive people of life if due process of law is provided. It makes references to cap-ital—or death penalty—cases. It is therefore clear that the death penalty is constitutional. There may be some valid questions on when the death pen-alty would be legal. Nonetheless, last month Justice Breyer and another Jus-tice wrote that they think it is very likely that the death penalty is uncon-stitutional in all cases—in other words, just throw out the words of the Con-stitution. That ought to be extremely disturbing to all of us. It is essentially 
a revival of the Warren Court, where the Justices’ personal views trump the Constitution. 
The Court also ruled this year on 
same-sex marriage. I support tradi-tional marriage, as a sizable percent-age of the American people still do. However, I do respect people of dif-ferent views. The Constitution says nothing about whether same-sex mar-riage is required. That is for the people to decide through the democratic proc-ess. When the Supreme Court ruled otherwise, that prompted a significant portion of the populace to believe that the Justices were reading their own view into the Constitution. The deci-sion was based on a doctrine called ‘‘substantive due process.’’ Substantive due process is really nothing more than an open invitation to Justices to read their own policy views into the Con-stitution. 
This year, the Court ruled that the 
word ‘‘liberty’’ includes the right to de-fine and express identity, individual autonomy, and dignity. Where do you find those words in the Constitution? In the past, the Court had narrowly construed substantive due process to protect only those rights established in light of objective history and their deep roots in society. The majority ef-
fectively then overturned those rules. 
The Court now thinks the meaning of 
the clause does not turn on the text or the intentions of the Framers. Rather, the Court ruled that the meaning of due process changes as ‘‘we’’—the Jus-tices—apply, as they would say, ‘‘new insight’’ that derives from, in their words, a ‘‘better informed under-standing of how constitutional impera-tives define a liberty that remains ur-gent in our own era.’’ 
In the view of the slim majority, the 
role of the Court is to make, in their words, ‘‘new dimensions of freedom . . . apparent to new generations.’’ 
This is the language of the doctrine 
of the living Constitution. It is the Justices, then, amending the Constitu-tion without Congress and the States voting to do so. It is another Earl War-ren deciding cases by asking what is just and what is fair, and that is in his mind and not what the Constitution and the laws require. 
It is not law at all, never mind ‘‘law 
all the way down.’’ 
While the decision permits those who 
hold the traditional view of marriage to discuss their views, it said nothing about the real constitutional right to freely exercise religion—with the em-phasis upon ‘‘exercise.’’ 
Another of the Court’s liberal deci-
sions gave short shrift to another right protected by the Constitution: free speech. That decision treated as gov-ernment speech what is actually pri-vate speech. It is an important distinc-tion in the real world. Government must treat private speech neutrally. It cannot play favorites, but the govern-ment can discriminate against view-points it does not like when the speech is the government’s speech. It can fund speech that discourages use of illegal drugs, for instance, without funding 
speech that encourages drug use. 
As a result of the First Amendment 
ruling, the government may be able to deny many kinds of government bene-fits to those who dare to express views with which the government disagrees. This then would be an ominous devel-opment for everyone. 
Specifically, the government may be 
able to deny tax exemptions and chari-table deductions based on the free ex-pression of the groups involved. That would make a scandal such as the IRS’s denial of tax-exempt status to or-ganizations based on their presumptive conservative policy stands constitu-tionally permissible. 
Substantive due process has been 
used for the last 50 years only to invent new liberal constitutional rights. Con-servatives have not used substantive due process to invent new conservative constitutional rights. In creating new such rights, liberal Justices never are hesitant to overturn conservative precedents, but those same Justices consider the liberal substantive due process precedents to be sacrosanct under stare decisis. In other words, they are effectively saying ‘‘what is mine is mine and what is yours is nego-tiable.’’ 
Conservatives issue legal rulings that 
produce liberal policy effects, but lib-eral Justices will not issue legal rul-ings that are conservative. So as I am trying to show to my colleagues, each side plays by different rules. 
Is it any wonder that so many people 
in this country think the game is not on the level? A recent CNN poll—a media organization that no one would say is rightwing—found that 37 percent of those surveyed think the Court is too liberal. Only 20 percent character-ized it as being too conservative. I am concerned about how that backlash could manifest itself. 
Even if Justices abuse their power of 
judicial review by substituting their policy views for the Constitution, we need judicial independence to safe-guard the actual Constitution. We should not do anything to undermine judicial independence, but if the Court does not give the public the confidence that the meaning of ‘‘liberty’’ in the due process clause means something other than the policy preferences of five Justices, the consequences could be serious for our constitutional order. 
The Supreme Court, similar to a 
river flooding its banks, is not staying within its proper channel. I strongly encourage all Justices of the Court to exercise the self-restraint the Constitu-tion demands and that its Framers an-ticipated. 
Ultimately, that will be the only way 
the courts will retain their necessary powers to preserve the Constitution. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.037 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6062 July 28, 2015 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, 
while I would normally be coming down at this time to talk about the Transportation reauthorization bill, which is one of the most significant bills we will be considering—there are problems right now in getting it done before the House leaves, but we are going to make every effort to have it done by the end of this week. I think that is very important because, for all of the reasons we talked about, we can’t continue to do part-time exten-sions that don’t allow us to get to any of the real problems we have. However, that is not why I came to the floor this afternoon. I am here this afternoon to speak on a different topic. 
(The remarks of Mr. I
NHOFE per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1877 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senators M
CCAINand R OUNDS be added as co-
sponsors to the S. 1877. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, right 
now we are in kind of a waiting period. We have made a request. It seems that request is being denied because it takes unanimous consent to come up with language that will allow us to waive time. 
The time that is pending right now 
on the Inhofe amendment will not ex-pire for 30 hours. Precloture will not expire until 5 a.m. tomorrow, so it looks like that will make it too late to get our bill passed prior to the time the House goes home. 
This could always change. I think a 
lot of people are taking this position because they didn’t think we would be able to pass the bill. I think we are going to pass it. I think we can pass it very likely on Thursday, and so even if the House is gone, we will be preparing to go in and handle that bill when we all come back after the recess. 
I just want to mention this because I 
think it is very important for people to understand that we are going to be using this. We have gone through a lot of work on the bill. 
The highway reauthorization bill was 
passed unanimously out of the com-mittee I chaired, the Environment and Public Works Committee. Every Re-publican and Democrat voted for it. So it is one of the few bipartisan efforts to take place in a body that is often criti-cized for not getting anything done. This will be a major bill. It will become a reality. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, 
thank you. To the chair of the com-mittee, congratulations, Mr. I
NHOFE , on the progress made so far with regard 
to the highway bill, indicating that we will pass something on Thursday and send it over to the House. It is impor-tant we address this issue. It is impor-tant we put people back to work. We have crumbling roads and bridges. 
I hope everybody in this Chamber 
agrees that we need a highway bill and, specifically, we need one as long-term as possible in order to give people pre-dictability and certainty to be able to plan projects and to be able to deal with what is an increasing problem in our country, which is a lack of funds in infrastructure. 
I hear it back home in Ohio. What I 
am hearing is: Give us certainty. Let us know what the plan is. Congress, in doing these short-term extensions, is not creating a plan. 
If we end up with a short-term exten-
sion because the House and Senate can’t agree, then I hope we will make a commitment when we do that to say: OK. After whatever that short-term pe-riod is—I have heard the rumor of 3 months—that at that point we will come up with a long-term proposal to-gether. 
I happen to think one way we could 
find a longer term proposal is to have international tax reform. We should do it anyway. We should do it whether or not the highway trust fund is con-nected to it. There are ways to reform the Tax Code so companies that are overseas, that have revenues overseas, that won’t bring them back now be-cause our tax rates are so high might be willing to bring them back at a lower rate. If they bring those funds back and are taxed on those funds, there might be an opportunity to pro-vide some funding for long-term solu-tions to the highway trust fund, per-haps in conjunction with some of the other pay-fors that are part of the bill we are talking about. International tax reform is necessary in and of itself. I didn’t come to the floor to talk about that, although tomorrow we do have a hearing in the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations on this very issue. 
I will tell my colleagues and those 
who are listening, if we do not reform our Tax Code, update our currently noncompetitive Tax Code, we are going to see more and more jobs and invest-ment going overseas. It is that simple. 
We already see it. Last year, in dollar 
terms, there were twice as many for-eign acquisitions of U.S. companies than there were the year before. Think about that. These are big companies with big names. One name you might know is Burger King, another is Budweiser. Another one that is think-ing about it is Monsanto. These are big companies. 
A lot of companies have already de-
cided they are not going to stay in the United States because our Tax Code is so bad. It puts them at such a dis-advantage vis-a ´-vis their competitors 
around the world that they can’t sur-vive. They have to become foreign enti-ties in order to be competitive. We 
have to fix that. It is Washington that is creating the problem. Many criticize these companies. I say if there is any blame to show, it is right here in Wash-ington, DC, by allowing the Tax Code that was written in the 1960s to con-tinue when every other one of our com-petitors around the world has reformed 
their tax codes and lowered their rates. This is something we can and should do. There is bipartisan consensus around this—maybe not in the details but in a framework. 
Senator S
CHUMER , on the other side 
of the aisle, and I put together a report on this recently. We spent 3 or 4 months working on this, but it is a combination of a lot of different hear-ings and projects that have been under-taken over the last several years on this. We know what we have to do. We know we have to go to a competitive international system that allows us to be able to say to our workers in Amer-ica: We are going to give you the tools to compete and win. We are not going to allow you to continue to have to compete with one hand tied behind your back, which is what is happening right now. The beneficiaries of this would be the American economy but specifically the American worker. 
The folks in the boardrooms are 
going to be fine one way or the other. When you have these foreign acquisi-tions of U.S. companies or you have these so-called inversions where com-panies go overseas, the major execu-tives in the company do just fine. The stock usually goes up. What happens is you lose workforce, you lose jobs here in America, salaries don’t go up—they stay flat—and that is who is taking the brunt of this. So we have to fix that system, and I think we can do it per-haps in the next few months as part of this highway trust fund. That would be, I hope, an incentive to do it. Again, we should do it anyway, even if there is no highway trust fund need for us to find additional sources of funding. 
In the meantime, I applaud the chair-
man and others who included in the highway trust fund legislation we are currently looking at. This is the legis-lation the chairman says we are likely to vote on Thursday. Included in that are a couple of other provisions that are quite helpful. 
The one I want to talk about is with 
regard to regulations and permitting. When you think about it, we are strug-gling to find enough money to put into the highway trust fund to extend it as long as possible, right? Everybody is concerned about the fact that we have roads and bridges and can’t put enough people back to work. One solution to this is to go to the taxpayers and say: We need more funding from the Federal tax base to go into this. That is what is happening, frankly. Another one is to say is there a better way to build these roads and bridges to save money so every tax dollar goes further, so we are telling the American people we are not only funding infrastructure, but we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.039 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6063 July 28, 2015 
doing it in the most cost-effective, effi-
cient way. That is not happening now. One reason it is not happening now is because it is so darn hard to permit something, so hard to get the green light to go ahead and start construc-tion on something. 
I hear this all the time back home. I 
hear it with regard to commercial buildings, I hear it with regard to en-
ergy projects, and I hear it with regard to roads and bridges. You have so many hoops you have to go through, many of which are Federal, some of which are local, some of which are State—many of which are Federal, that it adds costs to the project. It adds delay to the project, and it makes it so you are al-ways worried about a litigation risk because people can go back years after the project is completed and say: Aha. I am going to file a lawsuit because you didn’t follow all of these Federal regulations and rules quite the way you should have. That adds cost that we should not be incurring. 
Instead, as we pass this highway bill, 
we are going to pass something that is called permitting reform. The Federal permitting system is being reformed in this underlying bill. My colleagues ought to know about that. I am going to make a plea that regardless of what happens, whether it is a 6-year bill, which I think would be great, again adding predictability and certainty, or whether it is 3 years, which maybe we are going to pass on Thursday, or whether it is 3 months, which is what some are saying—the rumor is perhaps the House will send it back to the Sen-ate—whatever the extension period is, let’s include this legislation to make it easier to green-light a project to have America get back into the business of building things, not just roads and bridges—although it will help on this bill—but also other projects: energy projects, construction projects, com-mercial buildings, and so on. 
Let me give you a really frightening 
statistic. There is a group that does an international assessment every year of all the countries in the world. It asks: How easy is it to do business in various countries? They compare the countries. One of the countries of course in the mix is us, the United States of Amer-ica. You would hope we would be at the top of the list—the best place to in-vest—that we would be the country, since we are a capitalist free enterprise country where we value ingenuity and want to move forward with projects and get things done, that we would be at the top of the list. We are not. We are now No. 41 in the world in terms of the ease to get a construction permit to build something—No. 41 in the world. 
Capital is global these days. It moves 
around the world, and certainly around the country, but around the world. So you go to a big city overseas, let’s say London. You see all sorts of cranes. Why? Because actually in that city it is easier to build something than it is here in the United States. That is crazy. We should have a system here in 
the United States where you have to go for the proper regulations, you have to be sure you are building something that is safe and environmentally sound, but that it is easy to do it. You can do it quickly. We are now 41st in the world. 
This drives investment out of the 
United States and puts that invest-ment in other countries. This is why this legislation is so important. Again, for the roads and bridges it is impor-tant, but also in general to put people back to work. 
Here is something interesting about 
this legislation. We have worked on this for almost 4 years—about 3.5 years now. My cosponsor is C
LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL, who is a Democrat, so we have a 
Republican and a Democrat doing this together. Over time we have been able to build support, slowly but surely, to the point that we now have a good group of bipartisan cosponsors, pretty evenly balanced between Republicans and Democrats, but we also have some support from the outside that is unusu-ally balanced. 
We have the Chamber of Commerce 
supporting this in the business commu-nity. That might be expected. A lot of them are interested in how to build something and build it more quickly, but we also have the AFL–CIO building trades council strongly in support of this. I appreciate that. Because they get it. This is about work and specifi-cally about construction jobs. A lot of those jobs went away during the finan-cial crisis of 2007, 2008, and 2009. They have been slow to come back. Unem-ployment is still relatively high among construction workers. Frankly, a lot of them have moved on to something else because they have not had jobs. 
The AFL–CIO building trades council 
and the business community are to-gether on this. They are working with us together to ensure that we can get this done in the highway bill and to move forward with not just something that will help on roads and bridges, but it will help on all kinds of projects. 
I heard about this in the context of 
energy. When I first got elected, a com-pany came to me. It is called American Municipal Power, AMP. AMP does small energy projects all over our State and some other States. They came to me and said: You know, Rob, we have been trying to put a power-plant on the Ohio River. Now, you might think that normally would be a coal plant or a gas plant, or even a nu-clear plant—there are all those along the Ohio River. They said: No, we are actually trying to put a hydro plant. The Ohio River is not a particularly natural place for hydro, you would not think, but it turns out there is a nice flow in the Ohio River. It is a big river. 
They had this great idea at the locks 
of the Ohio River to add a municipal powerplant, hydroplant, but they said: We cannot get through all of these Fed-eral hoops. There are up to 35 different Federal licenses and permits you now have to get to do an energy project. 
Think about that. You have to get 35 different Federal licenses and permits in order to start construction and to move forward with an energy project. 
That is what they found in the Ohio 
River. They came to me and said: What can you do to help? We started to look at it and figured out: My gosh. The right hand doesn’t know what the left hand is doing. You have so many agen-cies involved, so many different inter-ests involved, whether it is the Army Corps of Engineers, the USGS, whether it is EPA, whether it is again State and local regulations. I am just talking about the Federal side when I talk about the 35 permits and regulations. 
What American Municipal Power 
wanted was to be able to get something done in a predictable way and have somebody be accountable. We liked that idea, so we moved forward with this legislation providing more ac-countability. 
We also heard from Baard Energy. 
Baard had plans to build a $6 billion synthetic fuels plant in Wellsville, OH. This was a coal-to-liquid plant that would not only convert coal into clean diesel and jet fuel, it would also have created, we were told, up to 2,500 jobs. This is in a part of Eastern Ohio where these jobs are so valuable, so precious. 
They couldn’t do it at the end of the 
day because the permitting delays and the lawsuits they got so interfered with the project that their capital left. It wasn’t patient enough to wait around for all the delays, all the poten-tial lawsuits, all the problems. So, again, from them we learned: Well, let’s have accountability, one agency responsible, but also let’s look at this issue of not just lack of accountability, but the fact that these lawsuits con-tinue to slow these projects down and make it more difficult to move for-ward. 
Our legislation addresses all of these 
issues. It does so in a very thoughtful and, I think, reasonable way, in a way that is common sense. We have got support on both sides of the aisle. First of all, it strengthens coordination and deadline setting. We talked about hav-ing some accountability. One agency is now accountable, so instead of agencies being able to go: Well, you know, we are fine, but how about this other agency? Not our fault, their fault, pointing fingers. Now you have got one agency that is in charge. 
Deadline setting. This creates an 
interagency council to best identify what the best practices are, but also set deadlines for reviews. Right now with no deadlines, the things often go on and on and on, in approvals of im-portant infrastructure projects. 
It also strengthens cooperation be-
tween the State and local permitting authorities, another problem. As I said earlier, there are local and State issues 
as well, and we try to avoid duplication and the delay that comes from that. 
Second, the legislation facilitates 
greater transparency and greater pub-lic participation in the permitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.043 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6064 July 28, 2015 
process. It creates what we call an on-
line dashboard where you can look at the dashboard—whether you are a com-pany that is involved in this or wheth-er you are a member of the public who is interested in this—you can look on that dashboard and see this is where the permit is. OK. It is at that agency. Well, why? You can see whether it has completed its review. And where are we on this? 
It encourages not just the ability to 
track agency progress, which I think will have a very important effect—sun-light is the best disinfectant some-times in bringing this out; making the transparency better is a good idea, but it also brings more input from stake-holders. 
We also require in our legislation 
that the agencies accept comments from stakeholders early in the ap-proval process. Why? Because another problem we found was that often the concerns come very late in the process, so you have an investment, you have workers working on this. All of a sud-den a concern comes in, it stops every-thing, slows it down, and makes it very inefficient. 
Instead we are saying: OK. Com-
ments, they are very important, but let’s accept those comments earlier in the process. Let’s identify these impor-tant public concerns from the very start. Then finally, it institutes a set of litigation reforms that I think is very important. One I will mention, which I think is probably going to be surprising to a lot of people: Right now there is a statute of limitations on law-suits that runs 6 years. This is after the environmental review, the NEPA review—6 years. Think about that. We limit that 6 years to 2 years. I would have liked to limit it even further to be frank. 
In our original legislation we tried to 
limit it even further, but this again is a consensus-building project. We want to be sure we kept the bipartisan sup-port, we kept support on the outside, including from groups like the Natural Resources Defense Council that have worked with us on this. 
So we have accountability, trans-
parency, litigation reforms, with the whole goal of saying: Let’s take, in the case of these construction projects, the roads and bridges, the Federal dollars, and let’s let them work in a more effi-cient way so every dollar goes further, so we can get these roads and bridges going, so we are not paying so much for delays and redtape, so we are not pay-ing so much more for lawsuits, so we can actually get this thing moving. That is in this legislation. 
I hope my colleagues who, like me, 
go back home and hear about regu-latory reform and the need for us to streamline the process will strongly support this part of the legislation, even if they cannot support all of the legislation. I hope they will continue to push this Senate and the House of Representatives to pass this permitting reform legislation. If we do that and it lands on the 
President’s desk, I believe he will sign it. I believe that because we have worked with him closely and because frankly it will have such strong bipar-tisan support. It is the right thing to do. It enables us to say to the people we represent: You know what. We are not just asking for some more money for roads and bridges, which is impor-tant and will create more jobs and make our economy more efficient—we need to do that. The crumbling infra-structure is real. 
It is also an opportunity for us to do 
it in a more efficient way. The Presi-dent’s job council, at the end of 2011, issued a report. You might remember that. President Obama selected Jeffrey Immelt, who is a very widely respected executive—GE CEO—to chair the jobs council. He came up with a bunch of recommendations, many of which I think were very constructive. 
One was about this very issue. This is 
what they said. They said we ought to reform the permitting process because we should, as the President said, ‘‘do everything we can to make it easier for folks to bring products to market, and to start and expand new businesses, and to grow and hire new workers.’’ That was the President. 
Sean McGarvey is the president of 
the North America’s Building Trades Union. We talked about the AFL–CIO building trades union. This is what Sean McGarvey has said: ‘‘If there was ever an issue that could be considered a no-brainer for Congress, the Federal Permitting Improvement Act is it.’’ 
I agree with Sean. This is a no- 
brainer. Let’s get it done as part of the legislation we are going to pass this week. I believe we will pass it. If we do not pass the highway bill this week, let’s ensure that we include the permit-
ting reforms in whatever we do pass. 
Again, whether it is a 3-month exten-
sion or a 6-year extension, we should be sure that we are removing unnecessary delays, bureaucratic hurdles, so that more Americans who are looking for a job can find a job, and so that tax dol-lars can go further. I want to thank C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , the Senator from 
Missouri, who has been the cosponsor of this over the last few years. Some-times it has not been easy working through this. She has taken some ar-rows, but it is the right thing to do. It is meaningful legislation that will ac-tually help move our economy in the right direction and help us to be able to repair more of these roads and bridges because we will be doing it more efficiently. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about the highway bill. I understand there will be a cloture vote tomorrow and then potentially, if that is achieved, final passage the day after. I want to say again that I appre-ciate the efforts of so many in various areas, that my comments today are not intended to be directed at any indi-vidual or either side of the aisle. 
I was elected in 2006 and I came in 
during 2007, so I have been here roughly 8
1⁄2years. One of the reasons I ran for 
office was to deal with our Nation’s fis-cal issues. I was so concerned about the direction in which our country was going. As you know, just about every military leader we have will tell you that the greatest threat to our Na-tion’s national security is us, those of us here in Congress, and the way we deal with our fiscal issues. 
The simplest fiscal issue I know of to 
solve is the highway bill because it is simple math. It is not like Medicare, where all these actuarial issues have to be dealt with and you have to make as-sumptions about the impact on care and all those kinds of things. The high-way bill is just simple math. It is so easy. There is money that comes in and there is money that goes out. 
I think everybody in this body knows 
the highway bill was set up based on a user fee program where people who are using the highways pay for that through user fees and then the money would be there in a trust fund—a real trust fund—where, in fact, the money would go out. So we would have a sys-tem in our country where we would pay for our highways and other infrastruc-ture in that regard. As a matter of fact, the State of Tennessee has zero road debt because that is exactly the way they handle their State portion. 
I know a lot has been said about this 
Presidential race and what is driving some of the interesting anomalies that are occurring right now. People are saying: Well, certain candidates are re-ceiving a lot of attention because of the anger people in America have to-ward Washington. I would just say that this bill—this is an outline of it— should be exhibit A as to why people in America are angry at Washington. Both sides of the aisle, both ends of the Capitol, this is exhibit A. 
Again, I understand this was a com-
bined effort with lots of people, but let me point out a few things. 
No. 1, we have had five general fund 
transfers—in other words, taking money out of our general fund and sending it over to the highway trust fund. That has totaled $60 billion since 2008. 
We have these wonderful young in-
terns who come up here to learn about Washington. They come up here to ex-perience Washington. They have read in their history books and other places—in civics—about this being the greatest deliberative body in the world. I would think that in most cases they probably look up to people here on the floor. Some of them may aspire to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.045 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6065 July 28, 2015 
someday actually serve in the Senate. 
But what they are going to be wit-nessing should this bill become law is 100 folks in this room—not all of them but a number of people in this room— voting to basically steal money from them. 
They are stealing money from you so 
that all of us can look good to our con-stituents and pass a highway bill. So we are going to steal money from you so that we don’t have to deal with this issue. It is called generational theft. 
So to the pages and to the people you 
have been working with for so long, just know—and I don’t know any other way to describe this. Let me explain. This is a 3-year bill we are going to pay for over 10 years. One hundred percent of the spending, in other words, takes place between the years 2016 and 2018— 100 percent of the spending—but 69 per-cent of the offsets, the money coming in, actually comes in—you heard me say 2016 to 2018—between 2022 and 2025. So that would be like your mother or father going to the grocery store and buying groceries and saying: Well, I am not going to pay for this today; I will pay for this in 7 or 8 or 9 years down the road. Every time they went to the grocery store, they did that. You can imagine how your household finances would operate if that is what they did. If this bill becomes law, that is what the people in this body will be doing to you. It is generational theft. 
We use these tricky accounting rules 
around here where if we pay for some-thing over 10 years even though we spend the money in 1 year, we count that, believe it or not, as paid for. 
It is even worse on something like a 
highway trust bill. See, this is some-thing where money is supposed to come in at the same rate money is going out. You can expect some aberrations on when money comes in and when money goes out on other kinds of programs— you can expect that—but not on the highway trust fund. 
This is the kind of math, by the way, 
each of you probably knew about in the third or fourth grade, where you could figure out how much money is coming in and how much money is going out. But on both sides of the Capitol and on both sides of the aisle, since 2008, in-stead of dealing with this issue—which, by the way, means you have to make some tough choices. You could spend less money in the trust fund. That would be a way to make it add up. You could devolve some of the responsibil-ities back to States. By the way, so many roads are now becoming roads the Federal system pays for, there might be a good argument for that. There is a good argument for that. Or you could just increase revenues and make sure those who are driving on the roads in our country today pay more to do it. But that is not what is going to happen. We are going to pull a trick on the American people. And here I get back to that anger issue and the reason so many people are upset with Wash-ington. Again, this is exhibit A. As a matter of fact, only 9 percent of 
the money coming in over this 10-year period comes in during the period of time we are spending on the highway bill. Can you believe that? Yet we say it is paid for. 
Let me tell you what else we are 
doing. This is fascinating to me. Con-gress, in its brilliance, has created a system where only Fannie and Freddie—remember the two behemoths that had $5 trillion in housing mort-gages in our country, the big giants that failed back in 2008? What we have done in this bill—I am not going to do it, but if people vote for this bill, what they will be agreeing to do is to extend the guarantee fee on mortgages out, by the way, the last couple of years of this bill, so, again, money comes in way be-yond the time we spend it. 
So let’s say you guys go to college. I 
know many of you will. When you get out, you decide to buy a home. Let me tell you how we, in our wisdom, have decided to pay for our highways. We are going to make you pay more for your mortgage. You are not going to know that, by the way; we are going to hide it in your mortgage. 
See, we want to make sure the Amer-
ican people don’t really know how we are paying for these things. We try to hide these things from folks so that when we run for reelection, we don’t create any ire amongst the public. 
This one is hard for me to believe. 
Now, I can understand some people in this body supporting this, those who support Fannie and Freddie continuing on forever, because what we are really doing is now the Federal Government, in order to pay for our roads, is relying on Fannie and Freddie. So how could you do away with them? Think about it. 
We have had so many people in this 
body talk big about winding down Fannie and Freddie and about how they are a threat to our Nation. I have actually written a bill to try to deal with that and had a lot of support from people on both sides of the aisle. We all talk big, but let me tell you what we are going to do. To pay for the high-ways, we are going to continue the pol-icy of making sure that every time somebody gets a mortgage, they pay a little more for that mortgage—the en-tire time, by the way, that mortgage is in place. That generates about $2 bil-lion. Of course, the American people won’t know or see that, and so that, of course, makes it very popular. 
Let me talk about another one. This 
is fascinating to me. The Federal Re-serve System has been paying a divi-dend to member banks that invest in their regional Feds. Since 1930, that dividend rate has been 6 percent. I don’t know if that is the right number. 
By the way, some people are con-
fusing this with a monetary policy issue, which is the amount that is being paid on the reserve. That is not what this is. This is something which has been in place since the 1930s. We never had a hearing on it, by the way, and I have no idea what we should be 
paying, OK? I have no idea. But just out of the blue, to generate $17 bil-lion—without a hearing; never been a hearing; as a matter of fact, I would say most people in this body have never heard of this issue—to pay for our roads and again make sure we stay in great stead with our constituents back home so we don’t have to make any tough choices, we are going to change that from 6 to 1.5 percent. That generates $17 billion. But, again, it keeps us from having to deal with this issue head on. By the way, a lot of that money comes in way beyond the period of time we are spending the money on the roadways. 
This is the one that gets me. I love 
this one. I love this one. We are going to sell 101 million barrels of oil from something called the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve from 2018 to 2025. We have a big Strategic Petroleum Re-serve, which is in our national security interests. As a matter of fact, I would say that if President Obama were to propose this particular pay-for, most everyone on our side of the aisle would just raise unbelievable—I need to choose my words—would be very upset. It would be dead on arrival because what it does is it weakens our national security. 
We have the Strategic Petroleum Re-
serve. In a time of crisis, we want to make sure the people in America have access to this Strategic Petroleum Re-serve. 
This is so grave. We are generating $9 
billion, by the way, in the years 2018 through 2025—again, beyond the time of even paying for this highway meas-ure. So again, it is generational theft— selling assets down the road to pay for things today. It generates $9 billion, and half of the sales occur in 2024 and 2025. So it is kicking the can down the road. 
For America, please, please, be upset 
about this. Please, please, be angry about this. 
Let me tell you what we are doing. 
We all make investments and pay at-tention to the markets a little bit. We hope we can save some money. Oil is selling today at under $50 a barrel. But let me tell you at what we have decided we are going to sell this oil. We are just going to make it up—at $89 a bar-rel. Think about that. 
Congress in its wisdom has decided 
we are going to sell 101 million barrels of oil. We are so bright and we can an-ticipate the future so well that we know, by golly, that when we sell this oil between 2018 and 2025, it is going to be at $89 a barrel, even though it is under $50 a barrel today. But we know that because we represent America. We have been elected to the Senate. 
So that is how we are generating it. 
By the way, if during that period of time oil happens to be selling at $74 a barrel, we break even. If it sells for anything under that, it is less. But by the way, there is $9 billion of made-up money just because we have decided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.047 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6066 July 28, 2015 
that is what the price of oil is going to 
be at that time. 
I just have to say that this is one of 
the most irresponsible pieces of legisla-tion I have seen come this far in the Senate. Let me say this one more time. This has to be one of the most irre-sponsible pieces of legislation that I have seen make it this far in the Sen-ate. 
I am very disappointed with where 
we are. I am not directing that at any-body. People on both sides of the aisle are involved in getting it where it is today. People on both sides of the building have used these types of gim-micks and tricks to basically involve ourselves in abject generational theft, keeping us from making tough deci-sions today. They are not even tough, to be honest—just using our God-given common sense, the same thing that most Americans get up every day and have to deal with. 
I have been so uplifted in my home 
State and by my home town of Chat-tanooga to watch how ordinary citizens with huge patriotism and large amounts of common sense have dealt with the tremendous tragedy in our hometown. I have just been over-whelmed by it. I wish all of America could see the response of people who wake up every day carrying out their ordinary duties, husbands and wives and sons and daughters. They care about our Nation. They care about its future. They care about our military. They care about people who protect us. I wish that somehow people could see that. I know people see it in all of their hometowns around the country. I know people see this greatness. Yet in this bill, I don’t see any common sense. How could we pay for our highways uti-lizing this type of pay-for? 
So I rise to say that I don’t support 
this piece of legislation. I think that has been made clear. I hope that as people analyze the pay-fors—which, again, in my opinion could not be more ridiculous on something like a highway bill—this bill will go down, and we will figure out a way to deal with this in a more productive way. Again, the right way to deal with this, if you have a trust fund, is to have fees that come in and the same amount that go out. 
I think in this minor conversation 
here, these pages probably get that. I think America gets that. I hope, again, this bill does not pass. I hope it does not become law, and I hope we can gather and figure out another way of dealing with this in a responsible way that doesn’t use gimmicks, as this cer-tainly uses. 
I don’t know how anybody could say: 
By the way, the Senate has assumed that in the years 2024 and 2025, oil will sell at $89 a barrel. Now, if the Senate was that good at giving financial ad-vice—certainly, if we look at our bal-ance sheets and the deficits we have been running, people would know that is anything but the truth. 
The fact is that this bill should not 
become law and should not be sup-ported. I intend to vote against it. I in-
tend to encourage others to vote against it. I hope that at some point in my tenure here we will actually begin to deal with our fiscal issues head on, in a direct way that solves them for the long term and really doesn’t sweep them under the rug for this generation, unfortunately, to have to clean up our mess. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, in 
poll after poll, the American people have told this Congress that it is time to wake up to the ever-growing threat from carbon pollution. Two-thirds of Americans support the Environmental Protection Agency’s Clean Power Plan to cut emissions from powerplants and invest in energy efficiency and renew-able energy. Even a majority of Repub-licans support action to reduce carbon pollution. But we do nothing. 
So here I am again, for the 108th 
time, for a speech of which the Pre-siding Officer has become something of a frequent flyer, to urge that we listen to our constituents and do the job that we were sent here to do. 
Sadly, Congress is stuck in the grip 
of the big polluters and their unlim-ited, unreported campaign spending. After the dreadful Citizens United Su-preme Court decision of 2010, two things happened. One, corporate polit-ical spending poured into secretive un-accountable groups that now wield un-told influence in our elections. Two, Republicans—particularly Republican voices in Congress—fell silent on car-bon pollution and climate change. It was a stopper. 
So despite the wishes of the Amer-
ican people and despite an over-whelming scientific consensus, the ma-jority in the Senate has no plan what-soever to address the catastrophic changes we see in our oceans and our atmosphere, in our farms and our for-ests. 
Many of the Republican candidates 
for President, for fear of offending their fossil fuel billionaire donors, ig-nore not only the clear tide of public opinion and not only the warnings of our scientific and national security of-ficials but ignore the climate disrup-tions in their own home States. They ignore the homegrown climate re-search of their own State’s scientists and universities. 
Earlier this year I came to the floor 
with my colleague and friend, Senator B
ALDWIN of Wisconsin, to consider the 
effects of carbon pollution in her Badg-er State. Senator B
ALDWIN is a fierce 
defender of Wisconsin families and businesses and is fighting to protect 
Wisconsin’s climate, from the Great Lakes to the legendary dairy farms. 
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, on 
the other hand, has gone another way. He has gone right down the fossil fuel industry rabbit hole. He pulled the plug on scientific and environmental func-tions in State government and he at-tacks environmental programs in the Federal Government. 
Let’s look at the facts in Wisconsin. 
According to the scientists at the Uni-versity of Wisconsin-Madison, weather stations around Wisconsin measure that average temperatures in Wis-consin increased by about 1.1 degrees Fahrenheit between 1950 and 2006. Dur-ing the same period, Wisconsin got wetter as well as warmer. Annual aver-age precipitation in Wisconsin in-creased by almost 3 inches—again, measured. 
As more and more carbon pollution 
piles up in the atmosphere, researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison estimate and project that by midcentury Wisconsin could warm by 4 to 9 degrees Fahrenheit. By the end of the century, the climate in Wisconsin may look more like that of present-day Missouri or Oklahoma, raising the prospect of dramatic shifts in the Wis-consin economy and way of life. 
These changes would not be kind to 
Wisconsin’s iconic badger. The Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Landscape Conservation Cooperative lists the Wis-consin badger as one of the region’s species at risk from climate change. It has no apparent effect on Governor Walker, however. 
There was the Wisconsin Initiative 
on Climate Change Impacts. The Wis-consin Initiative on Climate Change Impacts was formed in 2007 by the Wis-consin Department of Natural Re-sources and the University of Wis-consin Nelson Institute for Environ-mental Studies. The scientists and pub-lic officials in this program are study-ing how climate change will affect Wis-consin’s wildlife, water resources, and public health, and important Wisconsin industries such as forestry, agri-culture, and shipping and tourism on the Great Lakes. 
Climate change threatens pillars of 
the Wisconsin economy. The initia-tive’s agricultural working group re-ports that higher summer tempera-tures and increasing drought will cre-ate significant stress on livestock, even touching Wisconsin’s famed cheese in-dustry. Victor Cabrera, an assistant professor in the University of Wis-consin-Madison Dairy Science Depart-ment, says that this heat stress inter-feres with both fertility and milk pro-duction. Dairy cows could give as much as 10 percent less milk. Professor Cabrera in Wisconsin is not alone. He is not alone. The U.S. Department of Ag-riculture predicts that by 2030 climate change will cost the U.S. dairy sector between $79 million and $199 million per year in lost production. Does Gov-ernor Walker care? Apparently not, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.049 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6067 July 28, 2015 
the University of Wisconsin does. So it 
is leading a USDA-funded effort to identify practices that minimize green-house gases from milk production and make dairies more resilient to Wiscon-sin’s changing climate. Some Wis-consin dairy farmers, for instance, are burning excess methane in enormous manure digesters to generate their own renewable electricity. 
It is not just the farmers. Wisconsin 
has sportsmen. Wisconsin’s sportsmen treasure Wisconsin’s 10,000 miles of trout streams—some of the best trout fishing in the country. Trout Unlim-ited found that fishing in the Driftless Area of southwest Wisconsin and parts of Illinois, Minnesota, and Iowa adds over $1 billion per year to the sur-rounding economy. But the cold-water fish such as the brook trout are highly sensitive to temperature increases in streams. 
Under the worst cases analyzed by 
the researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, ‘‘brook trout are projected to be com-pletely lost from Wisconsin streams.’’ Even the best case scenarios see losses of as much as 44 percent of the Wis-consin brookies’ current range by midcentury. That is Wisconsin’s own Department of Natural Resources. Other cold water species such as the brown trout are not much better off than the brookies. 
The Wisconsin Department of Nat-
ural Resources is not alone. It is not alone. The American Fly Fishing Trade Association said this in a recent public statement: 
Climate change is no longer a potential 
threat; it demands our attention now. . . . We call on our elected officials to put par-tisan politics aside and work quickly to enact federal policy to address the threats presented by global climate change. 
On to Wisconsin’s loggers, Wisconsin 
has a significant logging industry, and the loggers are having trouble getting to the timber when hard, frozen winter ground becomes too thawed and too soggy to hold up logging equipment. According to a study out of the Univer-sity of Wisconsin, that frozen period for loggers to work has decreased by 2 to 3 weeks since 1948, shortening the working window for loggers before their gear bogs down. 
In every corner of the State, Wiscon-
sin’s own scientists are seeing dra-matic climate changes. Wisconsin’s businesses and communities are al-ready taking a hard hit. How does their Governor respond? You can probably see this coming: ‘‘I am not a sci-entist’’—the classic denier dodge. 
Governor Walker, we know you are 
not a scientist, but it is OK because you have some of the top scientists right there at your own University of Wisconsin. You have teams of sci-entists working for you at your State agencies right in Wisconsin. 
But do we expect that Scott Walker 
will listen to a scientist? No. No. He has a different plan—to eliminate more than 60 positions at the Wisconsin De-
partment of Natural Resources, includ-ing dozens of scientific staff. That is one way to not have to listen to them. 
Whom does Scott Walker listen to? 
Well, the Koch Brothers political net-work has said it plans on spending $900 million in the 2016 election cycle—$900 million. The President of one of the biggest Koch Brothers-backed organi-zations, Tim Phillips of a group called Americans for Prosperity, has threat-ened publicly that any Republican can-didate in the 2016 Presidential cam-paign who supported climate action ‘‘would be at a severe disadvantage in the Republican nomination process.’’ So they are going to throw $900 million at the election, and they have a ‘‘se-vere disadvantage’’ threat floating around. Nice little campaign you got here; be a shame if it was severely dis-advantaged. 
Well, it did not take Governor Walk-
er long to sign that same Americans for Prosperity organization’s no cli-mate tax pledge—what do you know— vowing to oppose any legislation on cli-mate change without an equivalent amount of tax cuts. It is amazing what waving around $900 million will do. 
Whom else does Scott Walker listen 
to? Well, the majority leader recently called on all Governors to rebel against the EPA’s Clean Power Plan. So far, only six took up the majority leader’s call. One of them is—guess who—Scott Walker. In December he wrote to the EPA that their plan would be ‘‘a blow to Wisconsin residents and business owners.’’ In January he announced that he was planning to sue the Agency in-stead. 
Maybe Governor Walker would think 
differently if he listened to Wisconsin’s business owners. Lori Compas, execu-tive director of the Wisconsin Business Alliance, endorsed the EPA’s Clean Power Plan proposal as a boon, a ben-efit to the Wisconsin economy. Here is what she said: 
Encouraging renewable energy develop-
ment will result in business growth, job cre-ation, cleaner air, and a quicker path to en-ergy independence. 
That is what she wrote. 
I will continue. She said: 
Our society does not have to decide wheth-
er our policies should favor jobs or the envi-ronment. We should look for opportunities for us to promote jobs and the environment and the Clean Power Plan is a great way to do that. 
That is the Wisconsin Business Alli-
ance speaking. Those Wisconsin busi-nesses are not alone. They are not alone. Yesterday 13 of the largest cor-porations in America joined in Presi-dent Obama’s American Business Act on Climate Pledge, committing to re-duce greenhouse gas emissions, invest in renewable energy sources, and pro-mote sustainable practices across their respective markets and up their supply chains. These are some pretty big-time nameplate Americans companies: Alcoa, Apple, Bank of America, Berk-shire Hathaway Energy, Cargill, Coca- Cola, General Motors, Goldman Sachs, 
Google, Microsoft, PepsiCo, UPS, and Walmart. That is a pretty broad spec-trum of America’s corporate hierarchy. Is it the Republican majority’s position that they are all also in on the hoax? 
The Republican majority has accused 
NASA’s scientists, whose just flew a craft by Pluto and who are driving a rover around on the surface of Mars, of being in on a hoax; that climate change is a hoax and that NASA scientists are in on it. Is Walmart in on the hoax too? Do the Senators from Arkansas want to go home and tell the Walmart ex-ecutives that they are in on a hoax? Do the Senators from Georgia want to go home and tell the CEO of Coca-Cola that they are in on a hoax? I don’t think so. It is an untenable argument. 
We have to move on. These leaders of 
American commerce declare, in a voice that Republicans should listen to: 
We recognize that delaying action on cli-
mate change will be costly in economic and human terms, while accelerating the transi-tion to a low-carbon economy will produce multiple benefits with regard to sustainable economic growth, public health, resilience to natural disasters and the health of the global environment. 
That is quite a crowd who signed off 
on that statement. More will come be-cause other companies, such as VF In-dustries and Mars and Unilever, agree with them. 
Our good Earth is sending us a clear 
message. The message our good Earth is sending us is that carbon pollution is driving unprecedented change. It is showing the change happening in the Earth around us. Voters too are send-ing us a clear message. They are speak-ing up to say that climate change is a problem and they want their leaders to take action and that it is time we got our heads out of the sand. 
Unfortunately, there is a problem. 
The big polluters have a powerful polit-ical megaphone. They do not hesitate to use it. They back it up with big, dark money campaign spending that is distorting our democracy in disgraceful ways. 
The result is that, like so many Re-
publican candidates for the Presidency, Scott Walker of Wisconsin has no plan, will not listen to his home State sci-entists at his home State university, and ignores what his loggers and trout fishermen and businesses are all seeing and saying. But, oh my, does he listen to the big polluters. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.050 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6068 July 28, 2015 
with Senators permitted to speak 
therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL THOMAS 
L’ESPERANCE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
recognize and commend Colonel Thom-as L’Esperance for his noteworthy ca-reer with the Vermont State Police, which will conclude next month with his retirement. One of the strongest voices in Vermont law enforcement for the past 28 years, Colonel L’Esperance has dutifully served the public and sought to protect his fellow Vermonters as an invaluable member and leader in Vermont. He rose through the ranks of the Vermont State Police after beginning his career as a detective trooper with the 
Brattleboro barracks in 1987, and has since assumed new and challenging roles within the force. He has contrib-uted to Vermont’s public safety and helped to combat crime by serving as a detective trooper, the Southern Vermont Drug Task Force field super-visor, director of the Bureau of Crimi-nal Investigations, and, since 2009, as the director of the Vermont State Po-lice. Colonel L’Esperance has earned the respect and admiration of his col-leagues throughout his career for his unwavering dedication and ability to empathize with those whom he serves and protects. 
In recent years, Vermont has faced 
immeasurable challenges in combating the cycle of heroin and opioid abuse. In 2014, I called on Colonel L’Esperance to testify at a Senate Judiciary Com-mittee field hearing in Rutland, VT, about this very challenge. Colonel L’Esperance graciously and with exper-tise provided testimony on the harmful effects of addiction in the State of Vermont, and on the challenges facing Vermont’s law enforcement commu-nity in combating such abuse. His tes-timony was exemplary, not only be-cause of his firsthand experience with this critical policing and public health issue, but also because of the colonel’s personal commitment to eliminating this destructive epidemic from our State. I thank Colonel L’Esperance for his powerful testimony and for the great work he has done throughout his career in fighting criminal activity in our State. 
While his retirement from the posi-
tion of Vermont State Police director will be a loss for the force and for the State of Vermont, I am confident that Colonel L’Esperance will bring the same level of excellence to the next chapter of his career. Colonel L’Esperance will no doubt continue to serve others with integrity and with the highest regard for the public’s safe-ty. I am proud of Colonel L’Esperance for his exceptional work with the Vermont State Police, and I am grate-ful for all of his efforts in improving the safety and wellbeing of Vermonters. INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
BILL FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate is being asked to approve the Intel-ligence authorization bill for fiscal year 2016 by unanimous consent. When this bill was reported by the Senate In-telligence Committee, I and other col-leagues noted that it contained one provision that required further debate. 
This provision, section 603, would re-
quire Internet and communications companies to make reports to the gov-ernment if they become aware of ‘‘ter-rorist activity.’’ Over the past 3 weeks a number of Internet companies have raised very valid concerns about this provision. In particular, they note that this provision is quite vague, and does not specify how these companies should know what is and is not ter-rorist activity. 
The Internet Association, which is 
comprised of dozens of leading tech-nology companies, has warned that un-certainty about the meaning of this vague language will create ‘‘an impos-sible compliance problem’’ and lead to ‘‘massive reporting of items that are not likely to be of material concern to public safety.’’ That is obviously some-thing that I think every Senator wants to avoid. Internet companies should not be subject to broad requirements to police the speech of their users. 
There is no question that tracking 
terrorist activity and preventing on-line terrorist recruitment should be top priorities for law enforcement and intelligence agencies. And leading technology companies certainly have a role to play here. The Director of the FBI testified this month that tech-nology companies are ‘‘pretty good about telling us’’ when they see some-thing of serious concern. But I haven’t yet heard any law enforcement or in-telligence agencies suggest that this provision will actually help catch ter-rorists, and I take the concerns that have been raised about its breadth and vagueness seriously. 
For these reasons, I object to this 
unanimous consent request. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to revise or remove this provision so that the rest of the bill can proceed forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PRESIDENT DWIGHT 
D. EISENHOWER AND TAIWAN 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize an exceptional President and a true friend to the United States who cherishes that President’s mem-ory. Those of us from the great State of Kansas are justly proud of Dwight David Eisenhower, fondly known as ‘‘Ike’’ to his Abilene neighbors. The Republic of China, Taiwan, calls him a loyal friend. 
In 1911, Eisenhower left his boyhood 
home in Kansas for the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. During World War II, Eisenhower was in charge of plans in the Pacific War and com-manding general of the Army’s Euro-pean Theater. On June 6, 1944, General 
Eisenhower led the D-day invasion on the beaches of Normandy and liberated Europe. During this time, Taiwan stood as our ally in Asia, with the Fly-ing Tigers in the Doolittle Raid and along the Burma Road. In 1951, Presi-dent Truman asked Eisenhower to be-come the first Supreme Allied Com-mander in Europe. After a long and decorated military career, America’s voters said, ‘‘I like Ike,’’ by over-whelmingly electing him as the 34th President of the United States in 1952. 
Today, it is my privilege to serve as 
Chairman of the Eisenhower Memorial Commission. Because this memorial honors a Kansan, a war hero, and a President the world admires, our good friend and partner, the government and people of the Republic of China, has generously made a gift to ensure the memory of Dwight D. Eisenhower is preserved for generations to come. 
It is fortunate for all that our Tai-
wanese friends have not forgotten President Eisenhower’s staunch sup-port for their security and his strong commitment to the U.S.-Taiwan rela-tionship. In 1960, President Eisenhower made the first official U.S. visit to Tai-pei to meet with President Chiang Kai- shek. As Taiwan’s Representative to the United States, Dr. Shen has told me, ‘‘President Eisenhower holds a very special place in the hearts of the people of Taiwan.’’ 
It was Eisenhower who signed the 
Sino-American Mutual Defense Treaty in 1954. The next year, on the occasion of the passage of the Formosa Resolu-tion by the Congress, President Eisen-hower further pledged to ‘‘protect the territories in the Western Pacific under the jurisdiction of the Republic of China.’’ It was also Eisenhower who dispatched the U.S. Seventh Fleet to patrol the Taiwan Strait in the 1950s, thus assuring that the people of Tai-wan would remain secure from any ex-ternal military threat. Deservedly, a significant portion of President Eisen-hower’s foreign policy legacy is main-taining peace and security in the Tai-wan Strait. 
In honoring a great general and 
President, Taiwan has demonstrated an unbroken bond of friendship, dating back to World War II. That enduring friendship is yet another key element of President Eisenhower’s legacy. 
f 
WORLD WAR II VETERANS VISIT 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today 
I honor the veterans of Honor Flight Northern Colorado that have made their 14th trip to Washington, DC to visit the memorials that stand in our Nation’s Capital. This group includes veterans from various wars and genera-tions, but all are linked by their serv-ice to our country. 
Ten years ago, the Honor Flight was 
created to fly veterans that had served in World War II to Washington, DC so they could visit their memorial located in our Nation’s Capital. Now, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.052 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6069 July 28, 2015 
Honor Flight welcomes veterans from 
all over the country to fly to Wash-ington, DC, free of charge, to visit the memorials of the wars these heroic vet-erans fought. Of the 123 veterans on the most recent Honor Flight, 25 served in World War II, 59 served in Korea, and 39 served in Vietnam. 
Few words are sufficient to show the 
gratitude and respect we all have for the courageous men and women who have fought for our country. They have preserved our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
We stand here today to honor those 
who have risked their lives to protect the United States of America. 
Please join me in honoring Earnest 
Adams, Paul Babish, Oliver Bashor, Russell Brady, Martin Bunker, Arthur Crosthwait, Michael DeJiacomo, N Kenneth Furlong, Francis Gallagher, Roland Garner, Harold Hubbard, Erling Johnson, Howard Johnston, William Karr, John Kennedy, Herbert Leis, Charles Linhart, Russell MacCachran, Ray Madsen, Harriet Martin, Fred McClory, David Meier, Ronald Smith, Donald Stonebraker, Leo Weaver, Charles Archibeque, Donald Anderson, William Bacon, Bobby Barker, Louis Barrientos, Virgil Beck, Jack Benham, Alfred Benson Jr., James Birdsell, George Blake, Thomas Bornhoft, Rob-ert Brezee, Alfred Brophy, Ralph Carl-son, Charles Campion, Lewis Carder, Richard Cella, Marinus Christensen, Kenneth Clements, Earnest Cummins, Robert Davenport, Donald Deboodt, Kenneth Doty, Joseph Eckert, James Hagihara, Norman Harpole, Richard Hecker, Bobby Jones, Roy Kipfinger Jr., Richard Korth, John Lebsack, Rob-ert Lionberger, Donald Matula, Paul McDill, Lawrence McGlone, Raymond Miller, Clifford Morey, Richard Orton, Placido Pando, William Peebles, Lupe Rodriguez, Evaristo Sanchez, Michael Schaughency, James Schofield, Earl Simmons, Frederick Smith, Ralph Spellman, James Stallard, James Stewart, William Strunk, Wilbur Tritthardt, Henry Trujillo, Melvin Veldhuizen, Allan Walcker, Orlin Wil-liams, Charles Wood Jr., Donald Wuertz, Clarke Wykert, Rudolph Younger, Larry Arndt, Bruce Axelrod, Marvin Bartholomew, Jim Biggs, Alex-ander Bless, Clyde Brewer II, Randy Brooks, Lanny Clary, Guy Coombes, Robert Cowan, Robert Chapman, Waldo Decker, David DeJiacomo, Terry Diedrich, Kenneth Gareis, Bonifacio Hernandez, Larry Huddle, David Jovola, Donald Ketels, Clarke Lam-bert, Gary Lebsack, Dewey Mattly, Lorrie McLaughlin, Calvin Melcher, Ir-ving Morales, Bryan Morgan, Richard Orton, Norman Peterson, James Porth, James Ray, Stephen Ray, Dave Sloan, Lawrence Stoddard, Harley Sullivan, Michael Torgerson, Andrew Valdez, Gregory Walent, Daryl Wiest, and Terry Wright. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO SHANE BINGER 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Shane Binger, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Shane is a graduate of Hitchcock- 
Tulare High School in Tulare, SD. Cur-rently, Shane is attending South Da-kota State University, where he is ma-joring in business economics. Shane is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Shane Binger for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHELBY FERSTL 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Shelby Ferstl, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Shelby is a graduate of Tartan High 
School in Oakdale, Minnesota. Cur-rently, Shelby is attending the Univer-sity of Minnesota Duluth, where she is majoring in financial markets. Shelby is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Shelby Ferstl for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHEN GEMAR 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Stephen Gemar, an intern in my Aberdeen office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Stephen is a graduate of Mobridge- 
Pollock High School in Mobridge, SD. Currently, Stephen is attending the University of South Dakota, where he is majoring in political science. Ste-phen is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Stephen Gemar for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRADY GLISSENDORF 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Brady Glissendorf, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Brady is a graduate of St. Thomas 
More High School in Rapid City, SD. Currently, Brady is attending the Uni-versity of Notre Dame, where he is ma-joring in political science and econom-ics. Brady is a dedicated worker who 
been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Brady Glissendorf for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLE GUSTAFSON 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Cole Gustafson, an intern in my Rapid City office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Cole is a graduate of Sheridan High 
School in Sheridan, Wyoming. Cole is a recent graduate of Black Hills State University, where he majored in polit-ical science, and will begin at the Uni-versity of Wyoming College of Law in August 2015. Cole is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Cole Gustafson for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHERINE HICKEY 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Katherine Hickey, an intern in my Sioux Falls office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Katherine is a graduate of Roosevelt 
High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Cur-rently, Katherine is attending Asbury University, where she is majoring in political science and sociology. Kath-erine is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Katherine Hickey for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ERIC HURLEY 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Eric Hurley, an intern in my Aberdeen office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Eric is a graduate of Aberdeen 
Roncalli High School in Aberdeen, SD. Currently, Eric is attending the Uni-versity of South Dakota, where he is majoring in business administration. Eric is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Eric Hurley for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT PETERSON 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Robert Peterson, an intern in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.026 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6070 July 28, 2015 
my Sioux Falls office, for all of the 
hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Robert is a graduate of Washington 
High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Cur-rently, Robert is attending the Univer-sity of South Dakota, where he is ma-joring in history and political science. Robert is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Robert Peterson for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW VANDER 
WOUDE 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Matthew Vander Woude, an 
intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Matthew is a graduate of Lincoln 
High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Cur-rently, Matthew is attending Pepperdine University, where he is ma-joring in economics. Matthew is a dedi-cated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experi-ence. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Matthew Vander Woude for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 12:15 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1482. An act to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills and joint resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 774. An act to strengthen enforcement 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 998. An act to establish the conditions 
under which the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity may establish preclearance facilities, conduct preclearance operations, and provide customs services outside the United States, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1607. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the disability com-pensation evaluation procedure of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1634. An act to strengthen account-
ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1656. An act to provide for additional 
resources for the Secret Service, and to im-prove protections for restricted areas. 
H.R. 1831. An act to establish the Commis-
sion on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes. H.R. 2127. An act to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to limit access to expedited air-port security screening at an airport secu-rity checkpoint to participants of the PreCheck program and other known low-risk passengers, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2206. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require recipients of State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to preserve and strengthen inter-operable emergency communication capa-bilities, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2750. An act to reform programs of the 
Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regula-tions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2770. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require certain main-tenance of security-related technology at airports, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2843. An act to require certain im-
provements in the Transportation Security Administration’s PreCheck expedited screen-ing program, and for other purposes. 
H.J. Res. 61. Joint resolution amending the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 64. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 4:31 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1482. An act to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 774. An act to strengthen enforcement 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
H.R. 998. An act to establish the conditions 
under which the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity may establish preclearance facilities, conduct preclearance operations, and provide customs services outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1607. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the disability com-pensation evaluation procedure of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1634. An act to strengthen account-
ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
H.R. 1656. An act to provide for additional 
resources for the Secret Service, and to im-prove protections for restricted areas; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
H.R. 2127. An act to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to limit access to expedited air-port security screening at an airport secu-rity checkpoint to participants of the PreCheck program and other known low-risk passengers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
H.R. 2206. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require recipients of State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to preserve and strengthen inter-operable emergency communications capa-bilities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
H.R. 2750. An act to reform programs of the 
Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regula-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
H.R. 2770. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require certain main-tenance of security-related technology at airports, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
H.R. 2843. An act to require certain im-
provements in the Transportation Security Administration’s PreCheck expedited screen-ing program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 1881. A bill to prohibit Federal funding 
of Planned Parenthood Federation of Amer-ica. 
The following joint resolution was 
read the first time: 
H.J. Res. 61. Joint resolution amending the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2383. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Emerald Ash Borer; Quarantined Areas’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2015–0028) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.008 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6071 July 28, 2015 
EC–2384. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Conservation Reserve Pro-gram’’ (RIN0560–AI30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–2385. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Sedaxane; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9930–84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2386. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal years 2012 and 2013 Operation and Maintenance, Army, funds, and was as-signed Army case number 15–01; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
EC–2387. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–2388. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Hazards’’ (RIN1557– AD84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–2389. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’ (RIN2501–AD33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2390. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2391. A communication from the Coun-
sel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2013 In-tegrated Mortgage Disclosures Rule Under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth In Lending Act (Regulation Z) and Amendments; Delay of Effective Date’’ (RIN3170–AA46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2392. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Imposition of Special Measure against FBME Bank Ltd., formerly known as the Federal Bank of the Middle East Ltd., as a Financial Institution of Primary Money 
Laundering Concern’’ (RIN1506–AB27) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2393. A joint communication from the 
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Oper-ational Energy Plans and Programs and the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-
ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Potential for the Use of Energy Savings Performance Contracts to Reduce Energy Consumption and Provide Energy and Cost Savings in Non-Building Applica-tions’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2394. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Oregon; Grants Pass Carbon Monoxide Limited Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9931–13–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2395. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Oregon; Grants Pass Sec-ond 10-Year PM10 Limited Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9931–16–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2396. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico; Electronic Reporting Consistent With the Cross Media Electronic Reporting Rule’’ (FRL No. 9931– 09–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2397. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans for the State of Alabama: Cross-State Air Pollution Rule’’ (FRL No. 9931–24–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2398. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia; 2011 Base Year Emissions Inventories for the Wash-ington DC–MD–VA Nonattainment Area for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9930–96–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2399. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; MI, Belding; 2008 Lead Clean Data Determination’’ (FRL No. 9930–81–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2400. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the 
Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2401. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—August 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–16) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2402. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to the Employee Plans Determination Letter Pro-gram’’ (Announcement 2015–19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2403. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Claims for Credit or Refund’’ ((RIN1545–BI36) (TD 9727)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2404. A communication from the Acting 
Commissioner of the Social Security Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, re-ports entitled ‘‘Annual Report of the Board of the Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds’’ and the ‘‘Annual Re-port of the Boards of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance and Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Funds’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2405. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0077—2015–0079); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2406. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2013 Progress Report on Understanding the Long- Term Health Effects of Living Organ Dona-tion’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2407. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2012 Progress Report on Understanding the Long- Term Health Effects of Living Organ Dona-tion’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2408. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Nurse Education, Practice, 
Quality and Retention Program’’ for fiscal years 2013 and 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2409. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2013 Report on the Preventive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant and Inte-grative Medicine Programs’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2410. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the State Health Care Work-force Development (SHCWD) Grant Pro-gram’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.006 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6072 July 28, 2015 
EC–2411. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Administration for Community Living, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Developmental Dis-abilities Program’’ (RIN0970–AB11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2412. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2413. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting Products; Fluoroscopic Equipment; Correction; Con-firmation of Effective Date’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–N–0828) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2414. A communication from the Chair 
of the Recovery Accountability and Trans-parency Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Recovery Accountability and Trans-parency Board Regulations’’ (4 CFR Chapter II) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–2415. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prevailing Rate Systems; Redefini-tion of the Jacksonville, FL; Savannah, GA; Hagerstown-Martinsburg-Chambersburg, MD; Richmond, VA; and Roanoke, VA, Ap-propriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas’’ (RIN3206–AN15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2416. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, a report of proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Federal District Judge-ship Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–2417. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Debt Collection Recovery Activities of the Department of Justice for Civil Debts Re-ferred for Collection Annual Report for Fis-cal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
EC–2418. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Lifeline and Link Up Reform and Modernization, Telecommuni-cations Carriers Eligible for Universal Serv-ice Support, Connect America Fund’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (FCC 15–71)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2419. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Coastal Pelagic Species Fisheries; Annual Specifica-tions’’ (RIN0648–XD927) received in the Office 
of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2420. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions numbers 3, 4, 5, and 6’’ (RIN0648–XD976) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2421. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Standard-ized Bycatch Reporting Methodology Omni-bus Amendment’’ (RIN0648–BE50) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2422. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XD985) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2423. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Tri-mester Total Allowable Catch Area Closures for the Common Pool Fishery and Trip and Possession Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648– XE006) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2424. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Com-mercial Blacknose Sharks and Non- Blacknose Small Coastal Sharks in the At-lantic Region’’ (RIN0648–XD980) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2425. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fish-eries; 2015 and 2016 Commercial Fishing Re-strictions for Pacific Bluefin Tuna in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648–XD972) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2426. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2015 Recreational Accountability Measures and Closure for South Atlantic Snowy Grouper’’ (RIN0648–XE014) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2427. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, 
and South Atlantic; Re-Opening of Commer-cial Sector for Atlantic Dolphin’’ (RIN0648– XE017) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2428. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Com-mercial Blacknose Sharks and Non- Blacknose Small Coastal Sharks in the Gulf of Mexico Region’’ (RIN0648–XD954) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2429. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update to National Fire Protection Asso-ciation Standards, Incorporation by Ref-erence’’ (RIN2900–AO90) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 24, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
EC–2430. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–70. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to regu-late airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and passenger delays re-sulting from lost, damaged, or delayed lug-gage; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 207 
Whereas, deregulation of the airline indus-
try in the United States began more than three decades ago in 1978; and 
Whereas, a consequence of deregulation 
was the elimination of federal control over many airline business practices, including pricing and domestic route selection; and 
Whereas, though deregulation limits fed-
eral control of airline business practices gen-erally, the federal government continues to legislate and enforce certain consumer pro-tections for airline passengers; and 
Whereas, the United States Congress large-
ly determines the degree to which certain rights of airline passengers are codified in law or developed through regulatory rule-making; and 
Whereas, since deregulation, the primary 
means of competition amongst airlines has progressively centered on price, not service; and 
Whereas, certain concerns for passengers of 
airlines include increasing baggage fees and passenger delays resulting from lost, dam-aged, or delayed passenger luggage; and 
Whereas, the airline industry began to 
charge passengers a checked baggage fee per bag to curtail rising jet fuel costs and to sup-plement marginal revenue during times of economic decline; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.007 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6073 July 28, 2015 
Whereas, as a result of increasing airline 
baggage fees charged by airlines for checked luggage, passengers are encouraged to in-crease the contents of carry-on luggage to avoid the extra cost of baggage fees; and 
Whereas, increased carry-on luggage of 
boarding airline passengers may be cor-related to the claims of lost, damaged, or de-layed passenger luggage, because passengers are oftentimes asked to check carry-on lug-gage at the boarding gate, which may re-quire passengers to wait for such luggage after deboarding an aircraft, or luggage and contents may become damaged during the process of fitting carry-on luggage onto boarded aircrafts; and 
Whereas, although checked luggage may be 
lost, damaged, or delayed for a variety of reasons, baggage handling systems, airline negligence, and the act of luggage offloading to accommodate extra fuel have also been discussed as reasons for lost, damaged, or de-layed passenger luggage; and 
Whereas, the aforementioned concerns of 
airline passengers are issues of consumer protection for which the United States Con-gress has the constitutional power to address and determine fair and reasonable solutions through codified law or regulatory rule-making: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to regulate airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and pas-senger delays resulting from lost, damaged, or delayed luggage; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–71. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to amend the employer shared responsibility provi-sions regarding employee health coverage under Section 4980H of the Internal Revenue Code, as enacted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, to eliminate pen-alties on school districts; to the Committee on Finance. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 87 
Whereas, a highly contentious aspect of 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), referred to here-after as ‘‘the ACA’’, is its imposition of fi-nancial penalties on employers known as ‘‘employer shared responsibility’’; and 
Whereas, the employer shared responsi-
bility penalty applies to certain businesses with fifty or more full-time employees that either do not offer insurance or offer cov-erage which does not meet minimum stand-ards set forth in the ACA; and 
Whereas, after nearly four years of delays 
and regulatory uncertainty regarding appli-cation of the employer shared responsibility penalty following enactment of the ACA in March of 2010, the Internal Revenue Service, in its final regulations on the penalty issued in February of 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 8544 (Feb-ruary 22, 2014)), provided that there is no ex-clusion from the penalty for government en-tities; and 
Whereas, for purposes of the penalty, a 
‘‘full-time employee’’ is now defined as any employee working an average of more than thirty hours per week or one hundred thirty hours per month; and 
Whereas, because many part-time and tem-
porary school personnel count as ‘‘full-time employees’’ under the ACA, the school dis-tricts of this state now face crippling finan-
cial penalties, typically in the amount of two thousand dollars per employee who lacks health coverage, for not providing health coverage to personnel who traditionally have not been considered full-time employees: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to amend the employer shared respon-sibility provisions regarding employee health coverage under Section 4980H of the Internal Revenue Code, as enacted by the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act, to eliminate penalties on school districts; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–72. A resolution adopted by the Leg-
islature of Rockland County, New York, urg-ing the United States Congress and the New York State legislature to strengthen guide-lines for the distribution of Medicaid serv-ices and to prevent Medicaid fraud, waste, and abuse; to the Committee on Finance. 
POM–73. A communication from a citizen 
of the United States of Illinois memori-alizing the State of Illinois’s petition to the United States Congress calling for a con-stitutional convention for the purpose of proposing amendments; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 1334. A bill to strengthen enforcement 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive report of a 
nomination was submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI for the Committee on 
Energy and Natural Resources. 
*Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an 
Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs). 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCAIN: 
S. 1873. A bill to strengthen accountability 
for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. C OATS , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mr. P ERDUE ): 
S. 1874. A bill to provide protections for 
workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. C
ORKER ): 
S. 1875. A bill to support enhanced account-
ability for United States assistance to Af-ghanistan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R EED, Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 1876. A bill to rename the Office to Mon-
itor and Combat Trafficking of the Depart-ment of State the Bureau to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons and to pro-vide for an Assistant Secretary to head such Bureau, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, and Mr. R OUNDS ): 
S. 1877. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-
eral to appoint a special prosecutor to inves-tigate Planned Parenthood, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
I
SAKSON ): 
S. 1878. A bill to extend the pediatric pri-
ority review voucher program; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BARRASSO: 
S. 1879. A bill to improve processes in the 
Department of the Interior, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. 
By Mr. ROBERTS: 
S. 1880. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent veterans from being disqualified from contributing to health savings accounts by reason of receiv-ing medical care for service-connected dis-abilities under programs administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. C OATS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
ROBERTS , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. 1881. A bill to prohibit Federal funding 
of Planned Parenthood Federation of Amer-ica; read the first time. 
By Mr. CARDIN (by request): 
S.J. Res. 20. A joint resolution relating to 
the approval of the proposed Agreement for Cooperation Between the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Korea Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nu-clear Energy; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S CHU-
MER, and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.009 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6074 July 28, 2015 
S. Res. 233. A resolution recognizing July 
28, 2015, as ‘‘World Hepatitis Day’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. K IRK, Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. K AINE, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
KING, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. 
STABENOW , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. R EED, and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. Con. Res. 20. A concurrent resolution 
recognizing and honoring the 25th anniver-sary of the date of enactment of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 174 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 174, a bill to end offshore tax abuses, to preserve our national de-fense and protect American families and businesses from devastating cuts, and for other purposes. 
S. 242 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 242, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected dis-ability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treat-ment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-move the 96-hour physician certifi-cation requirement for inpatient crit-ical access hospital services. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name 
of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B EN-
NET) was added as a cosponsor of S. 271, 
a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired mem-bers of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 338, a bill to permanently reau-thorize the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed firearms. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 559 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
559, a bill to prohibit the Secretary of Education from engaging in regulatory overreach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Se-curity Policy and Campus Crime Sta-tistics Act to combat campus sexual vi-olence, and for other purposes. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 598, a bill to improve the un-derstanding of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 661 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 661, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to enhance the dependent care tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 683, a bill to extend the prin-ciple of federalism to State drug pol-icy, provide access to medical mari-juana, and enable research into the me-dicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine profes-sionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 798 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 798, a bill to provide for notice to, and input by, State insurance commis-sioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of finan-cial strength or when the Federal De-
posit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance company’s assets, and for other purposes. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal ab-stinence syndrome. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glu-cose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 968 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 968, a bill to require the Com-missioner of Social Security to revise the medical and evaluation criteria for determining disability in a person di-agnosed with Huntington’s Disease and to waive the 24-month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for individuals disabled by Huntington’s Disease. 
S. 1000 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1000, a bill to strengthen re-sources for entrepreneurs by improving the SCORE program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1073 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.013 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6075 July 28, 2015 
(Ms. B ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1073, a bill to amend the Im-proper Payments Elimination and Re-covery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1086, a bill to establish an insurance policy advisory committee on inter-national capital standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 1089 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1089, a bill to encourage and support partnerships be-tween the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. B URR) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexi-bility in determining the size of em-ployers in the small group market. 
S. 1190 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1190, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure equal access of Medicare bene-ficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network phar-macies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1345 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1345, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to diabetes self-manage-ment training by authorizing certified diabetes educators to provide diabetes self-management training services, in-cluding as part of telehealth services, under part B of the Medicare program. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1358, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national cemeteries individuals who 
supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era. 
S. 1632 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1632, a bill to require a regional strat-egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
S. 1756 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1756, a bill to help small businesses take advantage of energy efficiency. 
S. 1762 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G RASS -
LEY) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1762, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase the penalties applicable to aliens who un-lawfully reenter the United States after being removed. 
S. 1812 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1812, a bill to protect public safety by incentivizing State and local law enforcement to cooperate with Federal immigration law enforcement to pre-vent the release of criminal aliens into communities. 
S. 1818 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1818, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to reform the rule making process of agencies. 
S. 1820 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1820, a bill to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules. 
S. 1836 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1836, a bill to provide for a mora-torium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1842, a bill to ensure State and local compliance with all Federal immigration detainers on aliens in custody and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1844 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from 
Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ), the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ), the Sen-
ator from Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ) 
and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 1844, a bill to amend the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for voluntary country of origin label-ing for beef, pork, and chicken. 
S. 1857 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1857, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 1861 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from Nebraska (Mr. S ASSE) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1861, a bill to pro-hibit Federal funding of Planned Par-enthood Federation of America. 
S. 1863 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1863, 
a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Timothy Nugent, in recogni-tion of his pioneering work on behalf of people with disabilities, including dis-abled veterans. 
S. 1866 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1866, a bill to establish the veterans’ business outreach center program, to improve the programs for veterans of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 189 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from 
Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 189, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the 25th anniversary of democ-racy in Mongolia. 
S. RES. 232 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 232, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that August 30, 2015, be ob-served as ‘‘1890 Land-Grant Institutions Quasquicentennial Recognition Day’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2287 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2287 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2288 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.015 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6076 July 28, 2015 
amendment No. 2288 intended to be pro-
posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2289 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2289 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2339 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator 
from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 2339 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2340 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2340 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2407 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. N ELSON ) were added as cosponsors 
of amendment No. 2407 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2424 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2424 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under 
TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2425 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2425 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2426 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2426 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2427 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2427 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2428 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2428 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2467 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2467 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. AMENDMENT NO . 2472 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2472 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2478 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2478 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2479 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2480 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2480 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2481 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2481 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.016 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6077 July 28, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2483 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2483 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2488 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2488 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, and Mr. R OUNDS ): 
S. 1877. A bill to require the Attorney 
General to appoint a special prosecutor to investigage Planned Parenthood, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we have 
all been disturbed—just really out-raged—about the things that have come from Planned Parenthood re-cently. We have seen the videos expos-ing their casual disregard of human life. It is unconscionable. It is very sad. We have known this for a long time. The junior Senator, Mr. L
ANKFORD , 
back when he was in the House of Rep-resentatives was introducing bills to defund Planned Parenthood, and that was before the most recent events that have happened. 
The Center For Medical Progress 
spent 3 years investigating Planned Parenthood and produced at least three videos revealing what appears to be an intentional and illegal harvesting of body parts from aborted babies. 
There are countries such as China 
that condone killing children, but our Nation should not be condoning the act of killing our own children or allowing these corrupt organizations to sell body parts for profit. There was a book that was written that I remember very well entitled ‘‘Modernizing China’’ by Anthony Kubek. This was 30 years ago, when there was still a separation be-tween China and Taiwan. They talked about at that time having a limit on how many babies people could have. They would go in and find out that there was one more child than they should have had, and they would take that baby and kill it. Of course, the harvesting of body parts was taking 
place there. That was China. This is America. It is hard to believe this could be happening. 
It is not about being pro-life or pro- 
choice anymore; it is about our coun-try’s moral conscience. If Planned Par-enthood has either profited from sell-ing aborted babies’ organs or they have modified procedures used to conduct an abortion for the purposes of obtaining body parts, then they have broken the law. 
In fact, the National Institutes of 
Health Revitalization Act of 1993 states that ‘‘no alteration of the timing, method or procedures used to termi-nate the pregnancy [may be] made solely for the purposes of obtaining tis-sue.’’ That includes arms, legs, kid-neys, and body parts, but this is ex-actly what Planned Parenthood has ad-mitted to doing in these videos. 
The Federal law also states it is un-
lawful to sell human fetal tissue. Title 42 of the U.S. Code, section 289g–2(a) states: ‘‘It shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly acquire, receive, or otherwise transfer any human fetal tissue for valuable consideration if the transfer affects interstate commerce.’’ Again, it is illegal. 
Based on the evidence in these vid-
eos, particularly with the Planned Par-enthood employees haggling and nego-tiating over prices, joking about it, and using the income of the dead babies’ body parts to buy a Lamborghini— some kind of automobile—it seems as if it is commonplace. There is a total disregard for the babies or what they were doing. 
My colleague Senator E
RNST of Iowa 
and I, along with others in the Senate, wrote to the Department of Health and Human Services requesting answers to these questions. 
One thing that is important to note 
is that Planned Parenthood receives $1.4 million of taxpayers’ money every day. It is unthinkable that they are being supported by the taxpayers in the United States, according to their 2013–2014 annual report. They received 528.4 million taxpayer dollars and then performed and profited from illegal and immoral actions taking the lives of in-nocent babies. This is so incredibly evil it is even hard to talk about. 
We are talking about women being 
manipulated into putting their health on the line for a government-funded or-ganization to profit from harvesting their child’s body. Vulnerable women are being coerced into having abortions and delaying the abortions until the baby has grown to the age within the womb that they would have fully devel-oped body parts in order to sell. This is what is happening today. 
Planned Parenthood fights to keep 
mothers from seeing the human value of their babies with an ultrasound. They don’t want the mother to hear the baby inside their womb with an ultrasound, but they will use the same technology to guide them to more val-uable organs as they perform abortions for monetary gain. These actions de-
serve to be fully investigated. Crimes have been committed. It is our moral obligation to fully prosecute any viola-tions of the law. 
Today I have introduced legislation 
that would require the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate and prosecute these atrocities. To pay for this, the legislation would rescind all moneys that have been appropriated to Planned Parenthood and provide the special prosecutor with as much of this money to conduct the investigation as is necessary. 
We have to protect innocent lives. 
Now that this has opened the door to a reality that has been suspected for so many years, this Senator wants Amer-ica and the world to know that endan-gering women’s health and profiting from killing children is not acceptable. 
The video just released today shows a 
lab technician placing and celebrating the monetary value of a baby’s arms, legs, kidneys, and spinal cord as they pulled apart its body. 
The bill is S. 1877. We have gotten a 
lot of calls about it. I didn’t want to let this opportunity go by without coming to the floor and getting something started to do something to stop the barbaric acts we are seeing on behalf of Planned Parenthood. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 233—RECOG-
NIZING JULY 28, 2015, AS ‘‘WORLD HEPATITIS DAY’’ 
Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 233 
Whereas hepatitis B and hepatitis C, and 
the incidence of liver disease caused by these viruses, have become urgent problems of a global proportion; 
Whereas an estimated 350,000,000 people 
worldwide live with chronic hepatitis B, and an estimated 780,000 people worldwide die each year due to hepatitis B; 
Whereas an estimated 150,000,000 people 
worldwide are chronically infected with hep-atitis C, and an estimated 500,000 people worldwide die each year due to a liver-re-lated illness caused by hepatitis C; 
Whereas an estimated 1,000,000 people 
worldwide die each year due to liver failure or primary liver cancer resulting from a chronic infection of hepatitis; 
Whereas an estimated 5,300,000 people in 
the United States are infected with either hepatitis B or hepatitis C, including 1,400,000 people who are chronically infected with hepatitis B and 2,700,000 people who are chronically infected with hepatitis C; 
Whereas the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘CDC’’) estimated that there were 19,764 new hepatitis B infections and 29,718 new hepatitis C infections, respectively, in the United States in 2013; 
Whereas the CDC has found significant in-
creases in the transmission of new hepatitis cases in the United States since 2010, includ-ing a 151 percent increase between 2010 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.016 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6078 July 28, 2015 
2013 in new transmissions of hepatitis C in 
the United States; 
Whereas chronic viral hepatitis claims 
thousands of lives each year in the United States, with 19,368 deaths due to hepatitis C in the United States in 2013; 
Whereas, in 2014, $4,500,000,000 in Medicare 
funds were spent on hepatitis C treatments; 
Whereas a person who has become chron-
ically infected with hepatitis B or hepatitis C may not have symptoms for up to 40 years after the initial infection occurred; 
Whereas African Americans, Asian Ameri-
cans, Pacific Islanders, Latinos, Native Americans, Alaska Natives, gay and bisexual men, and persons who inject drugs intra-venously all have higher rates of chronic viral hepatitis infections in the United States than other groups of people; 
Whereas Asian Americans and Pacific Is-
landers bear the greatest burden of hepatitis B related deaths in the United States; 
Whereas hepatitis C is 10 times more infec-
tious than human immunodeficiency virus (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘HIV’’); 
Whereas hepatitis B is 50 to 100 times more 
infectious than HIV; 
Whereas an estimated 25 percent of people 
who live in the United States and are in-
fected with HIV are also infected with hepa-titis C; 
Whereas life expectancies for persons in-
fected with HIV have increased with antiretroviral treatment, and liver disease, much of which is related to hepatitis B and hepatitis C infections, has become the most common cause of death among this popu-lation that is not related to acquired im-mune deficiency syndrome; 
Whereas, despite the fact that chronic 
viral hepatitis is the most common blood- borne infection in the United States, 65 per-cent of people living with hepatitis B and an estimated 75 percent of people living with hepatitis C are unaware of their infection; 
Whereas hepatitis B is preventable through 
vaccination, and both hepatitis B and hepa-titis C are preventable with proper public health interventions, including programs that offer access to sterile injection equip-ment for people who inject drugs intra-venously; 
Whereas effective and safe treatment is 
available for people living with hepatitis B and hepatitis C, including new curative treatments for hepatitis C; and 
Whereas the goals of ‘‘World Hepatitis 
Day’’ on July 28, 2015, are to— 
(1) highlight the global nature of chronic 
viral hepatitis epidemics; 
(2) recognize that hepatitis can be pre-
vented and eliminated in part through a comprehensive public education and aware-ness campaign designed to identify those at risk for, and living with, hepatitis; 
(3) inform patients about new treatments 
that are available for hepatitis; and 
(4) help increase the length and quality of 
life for people diagnosed with chronic hepa-titis B and hepatitis C infections: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes July 28, 2015, as ‘‘World Hep-
atitis Day’’; 
(2) supports broad access to hepatitis B and 
hepatitis C treatments; 
(3) supports raising awareness of the risks 
and consequences of undiagnosed chronic hepatitis B and hepatitis C infections; and 
(4) calls for a robust governmental and 
public health response to protect the health of the approximately 5,000,000 people in the United States and 400,000,000 people world-wide who suffer from chronic viral hepatitis. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 20—RECOGNIZING AND HON-ORING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DATE OF ENACTMENT OF THE AMERICANS WITH DIS-ABILITIES ACT OF 1990 
Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. 
COLLINS , Mr. K IRK, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. K AINE, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. L EAHY , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. K ING, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. R EED of Rhode Island, and Mr. 
CARDIN ) submitted the following con-
current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 20 
Whereas, July 26, 2015, marks the 25th an-
niversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘ADA’’); 
Whereas the ADA has been one of the most 
significant and effective civil rights laws passed by Congress; 
Whereas, prior to the date of enactment of 
the ADA, individuals with disabilities were too often denied the opportunity to fully participate in society due to intolerance, misunderstanding, ignorance, or unfair stereotypes; 
Whereas the dedicated efforts of passionate 
and courageous disability rights advocates served to awaken Congress and the people of the United States to the discrimination and prejudice that individuals with disabilities face; 
Whereas Congress worked in a bipartisan 
manner to craft legislation to make dis-crimination against individuals with disabil-ities illegal; 
Whereas Congress passed the ADA, and 
President George Herbert Walker Bush signed the ADA into law on July 26, 1990; 
Whereas the purpose of the ADA is to ful-
fill the goals of opportunity, independent liv-ing, integration, and economic self-suffi-ciency for individuals with disabilities who live in the United States; 
Whereas the ADA— 
(1) prohibits employers from discrimi-
nating against qualified individuals with dis-abilities; 
(2) requires that State and local govern-
mental entities accommodate qualified indi-viduals with disabilities; 
(3) requires a place of public accommoda-
tion to take reasonable steps to ensure that the goods and services it provides are acces-sible to individuals with disabilities; and 
(4) requires new trains and buses to be ac-
cessible to individuals with disabilities; 
Whereas the ADA has played a historic 
role in allowing more than 55,000,000 individ-uals in the United States who have disabil-ities to better participate in society by re-moving barriers to employment, transpor-tation, public services, telecommunications, and public accommodations; 
Whereas the ADA has served as a model for 
disability rights in other countries; 
Whereas every individual in the United 
States, not just those with disabilities, bene-fits from the accommodations that have be-come commonplace since the passage of the ADA, including curb cuts at street intersec-tions, ramps for access to buildings, and other accommodations that provide access to public transportation, stadiums, tele-
communications, voting machines, and websites; 
Whereas, 25 years after the date of enact-
ment of the ADA, it remains a crucial tool, as children and adults with disabilities still experience barriers that interfere with their full participation in mainstream life in the United States; 
Whereas, 25 years after the date of enact-
ment of the ADA, individuals in the United States who have disabilities are twice as likely to live in poverty than individuals without disabilities, and individuals with disabilities continue to experience high rates of unemployment and underemployment; 
Whereas, 25 years after the date of enact-
ment of the ADA and 16 years after the Su-preme Court issued the decision in Olmstead v. L.C., many individuals with disabilities still live and work in segregated and institu-tional settings because of a lack of access to support services that would allow such indi-viduals to live and work in their community; 
Whereas, 25 years after the date of enact-
ment of the ADA, the ADA remains a crucial tool for individuals with disabilities who ex-perience barriers to accessability in tele-communications and information tech-nologies; and 
Whereas the United States has a responsi-
bility to welcome back and create opportuni-ties for the tens of thousands of working-age veterans who have been wounded in action or have suffered injuries or illnesses related to their service in the Global War on Terror: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress— 
(1) recognizes and honors the 25th anniver-
sary of the date of enactment of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990; 
(2) salutes everyone whose efforts contrib-
uted to the enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; 
(3) encourages everyone in the United 
States to celebrate the advancement of free-dom and the expansion of opportunity made possible by the enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; and 
(4) pledges to continue to work on a bipar-
tisan basis to support opportunity, inde-pendent living, economic self-sufficiency, and the full participation of individuals in the United States who have disabilities. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2538. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2539. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2540. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2541. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ARPER  
(for himself and Mr. J OHNSON )) proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 614, to provide ac-cess to and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper pay-ments, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.019 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6079 July 28, 2015 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2538. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 757, after line 21, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 35416. BRIDGE INSPECTION REPORTS. 
Section 417(d) of the Rail Safety Improve-
ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF BRIDGE INSPECTION RE -
PORTS .—The Administrator of the Federal 
Railroad Administration shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain a copy of the most recent 
bridge inspection reports prepared in accord-ance with section (b)(5); and 
‘‘(B) provide copies of the reports described 
in subparagraph (A) to appropriate State and local government transportation officials, upon request.’’. 
SA 2539. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 767, line 13, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert 
the following: 
(3) upon the request of each State, political 
subdivision of a State, or public agency re-sponsible for emergency response or law en-forcement, to require each applicable fusion center to provide advance notice for each high-hazard flammable train traveling through the jurisdiction of each State, polit-ical subdivision of a State, or public agency, which notice shall include the electronic train consist information described in para-graph (1)(A) for the high-hazard flammable train, and to the extent practicable, for re-questing States, political subdivisions, or public agencies, to ensure that the fusion center shall provide at least 12 hours of ad-vance notice for a high-hazard flammable train that will be traveling through the ju-risdiction of the State, political subdivision of a State, or public agency, and include within the notice its best estimate of the time the train will enter the jurisdiction; 
(4) 
SA 2540. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-
lows: 
At the end of division F, add the following: 
TITLE LXIII—TRANSPORTATION 
EMPOWERMENT ACT 
SEC. 63001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Transpor-
tation Empowerment Act’’. 
SEC. 63002. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the objective of the Federal highway 
program has been to facilitate the construc-tion of a modern freeway system that pro-motes efficient interstate commerce by con-necting all States; 
(2) the objective described in paragraph (1) 
has been attained, and the Interstate System connecting all States is near completion; 
(3) each State has the responsibility of pro-
viding an efficient transportation network for the residents of the State; 
(4) each State has the means to build and 
operate a network of transportation sys-tems, including highways, that best serves the needs of the State; 
(5) each State is best capable of deter-
mining the needs of the State and acting on those needs; 
(6) the Federal role in highway transpor-
tation has, over time, usurped the role of the States by taxing motor fuels used in the States and then distributing the proceeds to the States based on the perceptions of the Federal Government on what is best for the States; 
(7) the Federal Government has used the 
Federal motor fuels tax revenues to force all States to take actions that are not nec-essarily appropriate for individual States; 
(8) the Federal distribution, review, and 
enforcement process wastes billions of dol-lars on unproductive activities; 
(9) Federal mandates that apply uniformly 
to all 50 States, regardless of the different circumstances of the States, cause the States to waste billions of hard-earned tax dollars on projects, programs, and activities that the States would not otherwise under-take; and 
(10) Congress has expressed a strong inter-
est in reducing the role of the Federal Gov-ernment by allowing each State to manage its own affairs. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this title 
are— 
(1) to provide a new policy blueprint to 
govern the Federal role in transportation once existing and prior financial obligations are met; 
(2) to return to the individual States max-
imum discretionary authority and fiscal re-sponsibility for all elements of the national surface transportation systems that are not within the direct purview of the Federal Government; 
(3) to preserve Federal responsibility for 
the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways; 
(4) to preserve the responsibility of the De-
partment of Transportation for— 
(A) design, construction, and preservation 
of transportation facilities on Federal public land; 
(B) national programs of transportation re-
search and development and transportation safety; and 
(C) emergency assistance to the States in 
response to natural disasters; 
(5) to eliminate to the maximum extent 
practicable Federal obstacles to the ability of each State to apply innovative solutions to the financing, design, construction, oper-ation, and preservation of Federal and State transportation facilities; and 
(6) with respect to transportation activi-
ties carried out by States, local govern-ments, and the private sector, to encour-
age— 
(A) competition among States, local gov-
ernments, and the private sector; and 
(B) innovation, energy efficiency, private 
sector participation, and productivity. 
SEC. 63003. FUNDING LIMITATION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, if the Secretary of Transportation de-termines for any of fiscal years 2022 through 2026 that the aggregate amount required to carry out transportation programs and projects under this title and amendments made by this title exceeds the estimated ag-gregate amount in the Highway Trust Fund available for those programs and projects for the fiscal year, each amount made available for that program or project shall be reduced by the pro rata percentage required to re-duce the aggregate amount required to carry out those programs and projects to an amount equal to that available for those pro-grams and projects in the Highway Trust Fund for the fiscal year. 
SEC. 63004. FUNDING FOR CORE HIGHWAY PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
The following sums are authorized to be ap-propriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(A) F
EDERAL -AID HIGHWAY PROGRAM , ETC.— 
For the national highway performance pro-gram under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation pro-gram under section 133 of that title, and the highway safety improvement program under section 148 of that title, for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026, an aggregate amount not to exceed 10 percent of the balance of the Highway Trust Fund (other than such Mass Transit Account) as estimated (taking into account estimated revenues) at the begin-ning of each such fiscal year. 
(B) E
MERGENCY RELIEF .—For emergency re-
lief under section 125 of title 23, United States Code, $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026. 
(C) F
EDERAL LANDS PROGRAMS .— 
(i) F EDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION PRO -
GRAM .—For the Federal lands transportation 
program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code, $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026, of which $240,000,000 of the amount made available for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the National Park Service and $30,000,000 of the amount made available for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
(ii) F
EDERAL LANDS ACCESS PROGRAM .—For 
the Federal lands access program under sec-tion 204 of title 23, United States Code, $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026. 
(D) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
104(a) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026, to be made available to the Secretary for ad-ministrative expenses of the Federal High-way Administration, an amount equal to 1 percent of the balance of the Highway Trust Fund (other than such Mass Transit Ac-count) as estimated (taking into account es-timated revenues) at the beginning of each such fiscal year. 
‘‘(B)(i) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, it shall not be in order in the Senate or the House of Representatives to consider any measure that would make available for expenditure from the Highway 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.022 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6080 July 28, 2015 
Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-
count) for a fiscal year an amount less than the amount authorized under subparagraph (A) for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii)(I) Clause (i) may be waived or sus-
pended in the Senate only by the affirmative vote of 
3⁄5of the Members, duly chosen and 
sworn. 
‘‘(II) Debate on appeals in the Senate from 
the decisions of the Chair relating to sub-clause (I) shall be limited to 1 hour, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the mover and the manager of the measure that would make available for expenditure from the Fund for a fiscal year an amount less than the amount described in subpara-graph (A). An affirmative vote of 
3⁄5of the 
Members, duly chosen and sworn, shall be re-quired in the Senate to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised in relation to subclause (I). 
‘‘(iii) This subparagraph is enacted by Con-
gress— 
‘‘(I) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is in-consistent with those rules; and 
‘‘(II) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House.’’. 
(2) T
RANSFERABILITY OF FUNDS .—Section 
104 of title 23, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFERABILITY OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To the extent that a 
State determines that funds made available under this title to the State for a purpose are in excess of the needs of the State for that purpose, the State may transfer the ex-cess funds to, and use the excess funds for, any surface transportation (including mass transit and rail) purpose in the State. 
‘‘(2) E
NFORCEMENT .—If the Secretary deter-
mines that a State has transferred funds under paragraph (1) to a purpose that is not a surface transportation purpose as described in paragraph (1), the amount of the improp-erly transferred funds shall be deducted from any amount the State would otherwise re-ceive from the Highway Trust Fund for the fiscal year that begins after the date of the determination.’’. 
(3) F
EDERAL -AID SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 103(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the National Highway System, which in-cludes’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 1 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in section 103 by striking the section 
designation and heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘§ 103. Federal-aid system’’; 
and 
(ii) in the analysis by striking the item re-
lating to section 103 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘103. Federal-aid system.’’. 
(4) C
ALCULATION OF STATE AMOUNTS .—Sec-
tion 104(c)(2) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the paragraph heading by striking 
‘‘F
OR FISCAL YEAR 2014 ’’ and inserting ‘‘S UB-
SEQUENT FISCAL YEARS ’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022 and each subsequent fiscal year’’. (5) F
EDERALIZATION AND DEFEDERALIZATION  
OF PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, beginning on October 1, 2022— 
(A) a highway construction or improve-
ment project shall not be considered to be a Federal highway construction or improve-ment project unless and until a State ex-pends Federal funds for the construction por-tion of the project; 
(B) a highway construction or improve-
ment project shall not be considered to be a Federal highway construction or improve-ment project solely by reason of the expendi-ture of Federal funds by a State before the construction phase of the project to pay ex-penses relating to the project, including for any environmental document or design work required for the project; and 
(C)(i) a State may, after having used Fed-
eral funds to pay all or a portion of the costs of a highway construction or improvement project, reimburse the Federal Government in an amount equal to the amount of Federal funds so expended; and 
(ii) after completion of a reimbursement 
described in clause (i), a highway construc-tion or improvement project described in that clause shall no longer be considered to be a Federal highway construction or im-provement project. 
(6) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—No report-
ing requirement, other than a reporting re-quirement in effect as of the date of enact-ment of this Act, shall apply on or after Oc-tober 1, 2022, to the use of Federal funds for highway projects by a public-private part-nership. 
(b) E
XPENDITURES FROM HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND.— 
(1) E XPENDITURES FOR CORE PROGRAMS .— 
Section 9503(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), as amended by divi-
sion G and section 51101(a)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2021’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘October 1, 2026’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘DRIVE Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘Transportation Empowerment Act’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), as amended by section 
51102(e)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘July 1, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2030’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘October 
1, 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2026’’. 
(2) A
MOUNTS AVAILABLE FOR CORE PROGRAM  
EXPENDITURES .—Section 9503 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) C
OREPROGRAMS FINANCING RATE.—For 
purposes of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) in the case of gasoline and special 
motor fuels the tax rate of which is the rate specified in section 4081(a)(2)(A)(i), the core programs financing rate is— 
‘‘(i) after September 30, 2022, and before Oc-
tober 1, 2023, 18.3 cents per gallon, 
‘‘(ii) after September 30, 2023, and before 
October 1, 2024, 9.6 cents per gallon, 
‘‘(iii) after September 30, 2024, and before 
October 1, 2025, 6.4 cents per gallon, 
‘‘(iv) after September 30, 2025, and before 
October 1, 2026, 5.0 cents per gallon, and 
‘‘(v) after September 30, 2026, 3.7 cents per 
gallon, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of kerosene, diesel fuel, 
and special motor fuels the tax rate of which is the rate specified in section 4081(a)(2)(A)(iii), the core programs financing rate is— 
‘‘(i) after September 30, 2022, and before Oc-
tober 1, 2023, 24.3 cents per gallon, 
‘‘(ii) after September 30, 2023, and before 
October 1, 2024, 12.7 cents per gallon, 
‘‘(iii) after September 30, 2024, and before 
October 1, 2025, 8.5 cents per gallon, ‘‘(iv) after September 30, 2025, and before 
October 1, 2026, 6.6 cents per gallon, and 
‘‘(v) after September 30, 2026, 5.0 cents per 
gallon. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF RATE .—In the case of 
fuels used as described in paragraphs (3)(C), (4)(B), and (5) of subsection (c), the core pro-grams financing rate is zero.’’. 
(c) T
ERMINATION OF MASS TRANSIT AC-
COUNT .—Section 9503(e) of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence of paragraph (2), by 
inserting ‘‘, and before October 1, 2022’’ after ‘‘March 31, 1983’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) T
RANSFER TO HIGHWAY ACCOUNT .—On 
October 1, 2022, the Secretary shall transfer all amounts in the Mass Transit Account to the Highway Account.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments and 
repeals made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2023. 
SEC. 63005. FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAY PROGRAM. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 119(d)(2) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subparagraph (H); (B) by striking subparagraph (M); (C) by striking subparagraph (O); and (D) by redesignating subparagraphs (I), (J), 
(K), (L), (N), and (P) as subparagraphs (H), (I), (J), (K), (L), and (M), respectively. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL MITIGATION  
PROVISIONS .—Section 119 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (g). 
(b) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 133(b) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Carpool 
projects, fringe and corridor parking facili-ties and programs, including electric vehicle and natural gas infrastructure in accordance with section 137, bicycle transportation and pedestrian walkways in accordance with sec-tion 217, and the’’ and inserting ‘‘Any’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (11); (C) in paragraph (13), by adding a period at 
the end; 
(D) by striking paragraph (14); (E) by striking paragraph (17); (F) in paragraph (24), by striking ‘‘data col-
lection, maintenance, and integration’’ and inserting ‘‘the maintenance and integration of data’’; and 
(G) by redesignating paragraphs (12), (13), 
(15), (16), (18), (19), (20), (21), (22), (23), (24), (25), and (26) as paragraphs (11), (12), (13), (14), (15), (16), (17), (18), (19), (20), (21), (22), and (23), respectively. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF BRIDGES NOT ON FEDERAL -AID 
HIGHWAYS PROVISIONS .—Section 133 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (g); and (B) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (g). 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 101(a)(29)(F)(i) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘133(b)(11), 328(a),’’ and inserting ‘‘328(a)’’. 
(B) Section 133(c) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking paragraph (1); (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(11), (20), 
(25), and (26)’’ and inserting ‘‘(17), (22), and (23)’’; and 
(iii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
(C) Section 165(c)(7) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(14), and (19)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (16)’’. 
(c) M
ETROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION PLAN-
NING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 134 of title 23, 
United States Code, is repealed. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.023 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6081 July 28, 2015 
(A) The chapter analysis for chapter 1 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 134. 
(B) Section 2864(d)(2) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Transportation Empowerment Act)’’ after ‘‘title 23’’. 
(C) Section 103(b)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) C
OOPERATION .—In proposing a modi-
fication under this paragraph, a State shall cooperate with local and regional officials.’’. 
(D) Section 104 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) in subsection (b)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘, and to carry out section 134’’; and 
(II) by striking paragraph (5); 
(ii) in subsection (d)(1)— (I) by striking subparagraph (B); (II) by striking ‘‘(A) U
SE.—’’; 
(III) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(IV) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and 
(V) in subparagraphs (A) and (B) (as so re-
designated), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Transportation Empowerment Act)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’ each place it appears; and 
(iii) in subsection (d)(2)— (I) by striking ‘‘S
TATES .—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘The distribution’’ in sub-paragraph (A), in the matter preceding clause (i), and inserting ‘‘S
TATES .—The dis-
tribution’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘to carry out 
section 134 and’’; 
(III) by striking subparagraph (B); and (IV) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately. 
(E) Section 106(h)(3)(C) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 134 and 135’’ and inserting ‘‘section 135’’. 
(F) Section 108(d)(5)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 134 and 135’’ and inserting ‘‘section 135’’. 
(G) Section 119(d)(1)(B) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 134 and 135’’ and inserting ‘‘section 135’’. 
(H) Section 133(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking paragraph (2); (ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sections 
134 and 135’’ and inserting ‘‘section 135’’; and 
(iii) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), 
and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively. 
(I) Section 135 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Subject to section 134, 
to’’ and inserting ‘‘To’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day 
before the date of enactment of the Trans-portation Empowerment Act)’’ after ‘‘section 134(a)’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(as in 
effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Transportation Empowerment Act)’’ after ‘‘section 134(a)’’; 
(ii) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘with 
the transportation planning activities car-ried out under section 134 for metropolitan areas of the State and’’; 
(iii) in subsection (f)(2)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), 
(C), and (D) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively; 
(iv) in subsection (g)— (I) in paragraph (2)— (aa) by striking subparagraph (A); and (bb) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; and 
(II) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and sec-
tion 134’’; and 
(v) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘and sec-
tion 134’’ each place it appears. 
(J) Section 137 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking subsection (e); and 
(ii) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. 
(K) Section 142 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking subsection (d); and (ii) by redesignating subsections (e) 
through (i) as subsections (d) through (h), re-spectively. 
(L) Section 168(a)(2)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or a transportation plan developed under section 134’’. 
(M) Section 201(c)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 134 and 135’’ and inserting ‘‘section 135’’. 
(N) Section 217(g)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘metropolitan planning organi-zation and State in accordance with section 134 and 135, respectively’’ and inserting ‘‘State in accordance with section 135’’. 
(O) Section 327(a)(2)(B) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘42 U.S.C. 13’’ 
and inserting ‘‘42 U.S.C.’’; and 
(ii) in clause (iv)(I), by striking ‘‘134 or’’. (P) Section 505 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) in subsection (a)(2)— (I) by striking ‘‘metropolitan and’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘sections 134 and 135’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 135’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘sec-
tions 134 and 135’’ and inserting ‘‘section 135’’. 
(Q) Section 602(a)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 134 and 135’’ and inserting ‘‘section 135’’. 
(R) Section 610(d)(5) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133(d)(2)’’. 
(S) Section 174 of the Clean Air Act (42 
U.S.C. 7504) is amended— 
(i) in the fourth sentence of subsection (a), 
by striking ‘‘the metropolitan planning orga-nization designated to conduct the con-tinuing, cooperative and comprehensive transportation planning process for the area under section 134 of title 23, United States Code,’’; 
(ii) by striking subsection (b); and (iii) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b). 
(T) Section 176(c) of the Clean Air Act (42 
U.S.C. 7506(c)) is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (7)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘section 134(i) of title 23, United States Code, or’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘section 
134(i) of title 23, United States Code, or’’. 
(U) Section 182(c)(5) of the Clean Air Act 
(42 U.S.C. 7511a(c)(5)) is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘(A) Beginning’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘Beginning’’; and 
(ii) in the last sentence by striking ‘‘and 
with the requirements of section 174(b)’’. 
(V) Section 5304(i) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘sections 134 and 135’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 135’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘this this’’ and inserting 
‘‘this’’. 
(d) N
ATIONAL BRIDGE AND TUNNEL INVEN -
TORY AND INSPECTION STANDARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 144 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (e)(1) by inserting ‘‘on the 
Federal-aid system’’ after ‘‘any bridge’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(1) by inserting ‘‘on the 
Federal-aid system’’ after ‘‘construct any bridge’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF HISTORIC BRIDGES PROVI -
SIONS .—Section 144(g) of title 23, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(e) H IGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 148 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (4)(B)— (I) by striking clause (v); and (II) by redesignating clauses (vi) through 
(xxiv) as clauses (v) through (xxiii), respec-tively; 
(ii) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘bicy-
clist,’’; and 
(iii) by striking paragraphs (11) through 
(13); 
(B) by striking subsections (b), (c), (d), (e), 
(f), (g), (h), and (i); and 
(C) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (b). 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 101(a)(27) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Transportation Empowerment Act)’’ after ‘‘section 148(a)’’. 
(B) Section 402(b)(1)(F)(v) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Transportation Empower-ment Act)’’ after ‘‘section 148(a)’’. 
(f) R
EPEAL OF CONGESTION MITIGATION AND  
AIRQUALITY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 149 of title 23, 
United States Code, is repealed. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) The chapter analysis for chapter 1 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 149. 
(B) Section 106(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section, section 133, or section 149’’ and inserting ‘‘section or section 133’’. 
(C) Section 150 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) in subsection (c)— (I) by striking paragraph (5); and (II) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
graph (5); and 
(ii) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘(5), and 
(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (5)’’. 
(D) Section 322(h)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and the congestion mitigation and air quality im-provement program under section 149’’. 
(E) Section 505(a)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘149,’’. 
(g) R
EPEAL OF TRANSPORTATION ALTER -
NATIVES PROGRAM .—The following provisions 
are repealed: 
(1) Section 213 of title 23, United States 
Code. 
(2) The item relating to section 213 in the 
analysis for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
(h) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE HIGHWAYS .—Section 
311 of title 23, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (a) of section 104 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this section’’; and 
(2) by striking the second sentence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.023 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6082 July 28, 2015 
SEC. 63006. FUNDING FOR HIGHWAY RESEARCH 
AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to carry out section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code, $115,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23, U NITED  
STATES CODE.—Funds authorized to be appro-
priated by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be available for obligation in the same 
manner as if those funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, except that the Federal share of the cost of a project or activity carried out using those funds shall be 80 percent, unless other-wise expressly provided by this Act (includ-ing the amendments by this Act) or other-wise determined by the Secretary; and 
(2) remain available until expended and not 
be transferable. 
SEC. 63007. RETURN OF EXCESS TAX RECEIPTS 
TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9503(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) R
ETURN OF EXCESS TAX RECEIPTS TO  
STATES FOR SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PUR -
POSES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—On the first day of each 
of fiscal years 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Transportation, shall— 
‘‘(i) determine the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) the amounts appropriated in such fis-
cal year to the Highway Trust Fund under subsection (b) which are attributable to the taxes described in paragraphs (1) and (2) thereof (after the application of paragraph (4) thereof) over the sum of— 
‘‘(II) the amounts so appropriated which 
are equivalent to— 
‘‘(aa) such amounts attributable to the 
core programs financing rate for such year, plus 
‘‘(bb) the taxes described in paragraphs 
(3)(C), (4)(B), and (5) of subsection (c), and 
‘‘(ii) allocate the amount determined under 
clause (i) among the States (as defined in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code) for surface transportation (including mass transit and rail) purposes so that— 
‘‘(I) the percentage of that amount allo-
cated to each State, is equal to 
‘‘(II) the percentage of the amount deter-
mined under clause (i)(I) paid into the High-way Trust Fund in the latest fiscal year for which such data are available which is at-tributable to highway users in the State. 
‘‘(B) E
NFORCEMENT .—If the Secretary de-
termines that a State has used amounts under subparagraph (A) for a purpose which is not a surface transportation purpose as de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the improperly used amounts shall be deducted from any amount the State would otherwise receive from the Highway Trust Fund for the fiscal year which begins after the date of the deter-mination.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2022. 
SEC. 63008. REDUCTION IN TAXES ON GASOLINE, 
DIESEL FUEL, KEROSENE, AND SPE-CIAL FUELS FUNDING HIGHWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) R EDUCTION IN TAXRATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4081(a)(2)(A) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘18.3 cents’’ 
and inserting ‘‘3.7 cents’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘24.3 cents’’ 
and inserting ‘‘5.0 cents’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) Section 4081(a)(2)(D) of such Code is 
amended— (i) by striking ‘‘19.7 cents’’ and inserting 
‘‘4.1 cents’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘24.3 cents’’ and inserting 
‘‘5.0 cents’’. 
(B) Section 6427(b)(2)(A) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘7.4 cents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘1.5 cents’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 4041(a)(1)(C)(iii)(I) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by sec-tion 51102(a)(1)(A), is amended by striking ‘‘7.3 cents per gallon (4.3 cents per gallon after September 30, 2023)’’ and inserting ‘‘1.4 cents per gallon (zero after September 30, 2028)’’. 
(2) Section 4041(a)(2)(B)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘24.3 cents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘5.0 cents’’. 
(3) Section 4041(a)(3)(A) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘18.3 cents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘3.7 cents’’. 
(4) Section 4041(m)(1) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), as amended by 
section 51102(a)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2028,’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘9.15 
cents’’ and inserting ‘‘1.8 cents’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘11.3 cents’’ and inserting ‘‘2.3 cents’’; and 
(D) by striking subparagraph (B), as 
amended by section 51102(a)(1)(B), and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘(B) zero after September 30, 2028.’’. (5) Section 4081(d)(1) of such Code, as 
amended by section 51102(a)(1)(C), is amended by striking ‘‘4.3 cents per gallon after Sep-tember 30, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘zero after September 30, 2028’’. 
(6) Section 9503(b) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraphs (1) and (2), as amended 
by section 51102(e)(1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2023’’ both places it appears and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2028’’; 
(B) in the heading of paragraph (2), as 
amended by section 51102(e)(1)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘O
CTOBER 1 , 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘O C-
TOBER 1 , 2028’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2), as amended by section 
51102(e)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘after September 30, 2023, and before July 1, 2024’’ and insert-ing ‘‘after September 30, 2028, and before July 1, 2029’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (6)(B), as amended by divi-
sion G, by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’. 
(c) F
LOOR STOCK REFUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If— 
(A) before October 1, 2028, tax has been im-
posed under section 4081 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 on any liquid; and 
(B) on such date such liquid is held by a 
dealer and has not been used and is intended for sale; 
there shall be credited or refunded (without 
interest) to the person who paid such tax (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘tax-payer’’) an amount equal to the excess of the tax paid by the taxpayer over the amount of such tax which would be imposed on such liq-uid had the taxable event occurred on such date. 
(2) T
IME FOR FILING CLAIMS .—No credit or 
refund shall be allowed or made under this subsection unless— 
(A) claim therefor is filed with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury before April 1, 2029; and 
(B) in any case where liquid is held by a 
dealer (other than the taxpayer) on October 1, 2028— 
(i) the dealer submits a request for refund 
or credit to the taxpayer before January 1, 2029; and 
(ii) the taxpayer has repaid or agreed to 
repay the amount so claimed to such dealer or has obtained the written consent of such 
dealer to the allowance of the credit or the making of the refund. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR FUEL HELD IN RETAIL  
STOCKS .—No credit or refund shall be allowed 
under this subsection with respect to any liquid in retail stocks held at the place where intended to be sold at retail. 
(4) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the terms ‘‘dealer’’ and ‘‘held by a dealer’’ have the respective meanings given to such terms by section 6412 of such Code; except that the term ‘‘dealer’’ includes a pro-ducer. 
(5) C
ERTAIN RULES TO APPLY .—Rules similar 
to the rules of subsections (b) and (c) of sec-tion 6412 and sections 6206 and 6675 of such Code shall apply for purposes of this sub-section. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to fuel removed after September 30, 2023. 
(2) C
ERTAIN CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) The amendments made by subpara-
graphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (b)(6) shall take effect on October 1, 2023. 
(B) The amendment made by subsection 
(b)(6)(D) shall take effect on October 1, 2022. 
SEC. 63009. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 180 days after the effective 
date of this title, after consultation with the appropriate committees of Congress, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to Congress describing such technical and conforming amendments to titles 23 and 49, United States Code, and such technical and conforming amendments to other laws, as are necessary to bring those titles and other laws into conformity with the policy embodied in this title and the amendments made by this title. 
SEC. 63010. EFFECTIVE DATE CONTINGENT ON 
CERTIFICATION OF DEFICIT NEU-TRALITY. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to ensure that— 
(1) this title will become effective only if 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget certifies that this title is deficit neutral; 
(2) discretionary spending limits are re-
duced to capture the savings realized in de-volving transportation functions to the State level pursuant to this title; and 
(3) the tax reduction made by this title is 
not scored under pay-as-you-go and does not inadvertently trigger a sequestration. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE CONTINGENCY .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of this Act, this title and the amendments made by this title shall take effect on the later of— 
(1)(A) the date on which the Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’) submits the report as required in subsection (c); and 
(B) the report contains a certification by 
the Director that, based on the required esti-mates, the reduction in discretionary out-lays resulting from the reduction in contract authority is at least as great as the reduc-tion in revenues for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2026; or 
(2) October 1, 2022. 
(c) OMB E
STIMATES AND REPORT .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 5 cal-
endar days after the effective date of this title, the Director shall— 
(A) estimate the net change in revenues re-
sulting from this title for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2026; 
(B) estimate the net change in discre-
tionary outlays resulting from the reduction in contract authority under this title for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2026; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.023 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6083 July 28, 2015 
(C) determine, based on those estimates, 
whether the reduction in discretionary out-lays is at least as great as the reduction in revenues for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2026; and 
(D) submit to Congress a report setting 
forth the estimates and determination. 
(2) A
PPLICABLE ASSUMPTIONS AND GUIDE -
LINES .— 
(A) R EVENUE ESTIMATES .—The revenue esti-
mates required under paragraph (1)(A) shall be predicated on the same economic and technical assumptions and score keeping guidelines that would be used for estimates made pursuant to section 252(d) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 902(d)). 
(B) O
UTLAY ESTIMATES .—The outlay esti-
mates required under paragraph (1)(B) shall be determined by comparing the level of dis-cretionary outlays resulting from this title with the corresponding level of discretionary outlays projected in the baseline under sec-tion 257 of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 907). 
(d) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .— 
(1) P AYGO SCORECARD .—The budgetary ef-
fects of this title shall not be entered on ei-ther PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You- Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)). 
(2) S
ENATE PAYGO SCORECARD .—The budg-
etary effects of this title shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress). 
(e) PAYGO I
NTERACTION .—On compliance 
with the requirements specified in sub-section (b), no changes in revenues estimated to result from the enactment of this title shall be counted for the purposes of section 252(d) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 902(d)). 
SA 2541. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
CARPER (for himself and Mr. J OHNSON )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 614, to provide access to and use of in-formation by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Im-
proper Payments Coordination Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AVAILABILITY OF THE DO NOT PAY INI-
TIATIVE TO THE JUDICIAL AND LEG-ISLATIVE BRANCHES AND STATES. 
Section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimi-
nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
BY AGENCIES ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) O
THER ENTITIES .—States and any con-
tractor, subcontractor, or agent of a State, and the judicial and legislative branches of the United States (as defined in paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, of section 202(e) of title 18, United States Code), shall have ac-cess to, and use of, the Do Not Pay Initiative for the purpose of verifying payment or award eligibility for payments (as defined in section 2(g)(3) of the Improper Payments In-formation Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note)) when, with respect to a State, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget de-termines that the Do Not Pay Initiative is appropriately established for that State and any contractor, subcontractor, or agent of the State, and, with respect to the judicial 
and legislative branches of the United States, when the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines that the Do Not Pay Initiative is appropriately estab-lished for the judicial branch or the legisla-tive branch, as applicable. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSISTENCY WITH PRIVACY ACT OF  
1974.—To ensure consistency with the prin-
ciples of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget may issue guidance that establishes privacy and other require-ments that shall be incorporated into Do Not Pay Initiative access agreements with States, including any contractor, subcon-tractor, or agent of a State, and the judicial and legislative branches of the United States.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) may include States and their quasi- 
government entities, and the judicial and legislative branches of the United States (as defined in paragraphs (2) and (3), respec-tively, of section 202(e) of title 18, United States Code) as users of the system in ac-cordance with subsection (b)(3).’’. 
SEC. 3. IMPROVING THE SHARING AND USE OF 
DATA BY GOVERNMENT AGENCIES TO CURB IMPROPER PAYMENTS. 
The Improper Payments Elimination and 
Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) is amended— 
(1) in section 5(a)(2), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) The death records maintained by the 
Commissioner of Social Security.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7. IMPROVING THE USE OF DATA BY GOV-
ERNMENT AGENCIES FOR CURBING IMPROPER PAYMENTS. 
‘‘(a) P ROMPT REPORTING OF DEATH INFOR -
MATION BY THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND  
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall establish a proce-dure under which each Secretary shall, promptly and on a regular basis, submit in-formation relating to the deaths of individ-uals to each agency for which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget deter-mines receiving and using such information would be relevant and necessary. 
‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE TO AGENCIES REGARDING  
DATA ACCESS AND USE FOR IMPROPER PAY-
MENTS PURPOSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, the heads of other relevant Fed-eral, State, and local agencies, and Indian tribes and tribal organizations, as appro-priate, shall issue guidance regarding imple-mentation of the Do Not Pay Initiative under section 5 to— 
‘‘(A) the Department of the Treasury; and ‘‘(B) each agency or component of an agen-
cy— 
‘‘(i) that operates or maintains a database 
of information described in section 5(a)(2); or 
‘‘(ii) for which the Director determines im-
proved data matching would be relevant, necessary, or beneficial. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidance issued 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) address the implementation of sub-
section (a); and ‘‘(B) include the establishment of deadlines 
for access to and use of the databases de-scribed in section 5(a)(2) under the Do Not Pay Initiative.’’. 
SEC. 4. DATA ANALYTICS. 
Section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimi-
nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON IMPROPER PAYMENTS DATA 
ANALYSIS .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of the Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall submit to Con-gress a report which shall include a descrip-tion of— 
‘‘(1) data analytics performed as part of the 
Do Not Pay Business Center operated by the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of detecting, preventing, and recovering im-proper payments through preaward, postaward prepayment, and postpayment analysis, which shall include a description of any analysis or investigations incor-porating— 
‘‘(A) review and data matching of pay-
ments and beneficiary enrollment lists of State programs carried out using Federal funds for the purposes of identifying eligi-bility duplication, residency ineligibility, duplicate payments, or other potential im-proper payment issues; 
‘‘(B) review of multiple Federal agencies 
and programs for which comparison of data could show payment duplication; and 
‘‘(C) review of other information the Sec-
retary of the Treasury determines could prove effective for identifying, preventing, or recovering improper payments, which may include investigation or review of informa-tion from multiple Federal agencies or pro-grams; 
‘‘(2) the metrics used in determining 
whether the analytic and investigatory ef-forts have reduced, or contributed to the re-duction of, improper payments or improper awards; and 
‘‘(3) the target dates for implementing the 
data analytics operations performed as part of the Do Not Pay Business Center’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 28, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Lifting The Crude Oil Export Ban.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 28, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.023 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6084 July 28, 2015 
meet during the session of the Senate 
on July 28, 2015, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Avoiding Duplica-tion: An Examination of the State De-partment’s Proposal to Construct a New Diplomatic Security Training Fa-cility.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 28, 2015, at 11:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 28, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, that at 10 a.m., to-morrow, Wednesday, July 29, all postcloture time on the McConnell amendment No. 2266 be considered ex-pired; further, that if cloture is in-voked on H.R. 22, then the postcloture time count as if cloture had been in-voked at 6 a.m. on Wednesday, July 29. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, following the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 22, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider the following nominations en bloc: Executive Cal-endar Nos. 6, 137, and 193; that the Sen-ate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate; that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to the nomi-nations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive Calendar No. 232; that the nomination be con-firmed; that the motion to reconsider 
be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nomination considered and con-
firmed is as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Robert P. Ashley, Jr. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
FEDERAL IMPROPER PAYMENTS 
COORDINATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 156, S. 614. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 614) to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the Carper amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2541) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Im-
proper Payments Coordination Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AVAILABILITY OF THE DO NOT PAY INI-
TIATIVE TO THE JUDICIAL AND LEG-ISLATIVE BRANCHES AND STATES. 
Section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimi-
nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
BY AGENCIES ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) O
THER ENTITIES .—States and any con-
tractor, subcontractor, or agent of a State, and the judicial and legislative branches of 
the United States (as defined in paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, of section 202(e) of title 18, United States Code), shall have ac-cess to, and use of, the Do Not Pay Initiative for the purpose of verifying payment or award eligibility for payments (as defined in section 2(g)(3) of the Improper Payments In-formation Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note)) when, with respect to a State, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget de-termines that the Do Not Pay Initiative is appropriately established for that State and any contractor, subcontractor, or agent of the State, and, with respect to the judicial and legislative branches of the United States, when the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines that the Do Not Pay Initiative is appropriately estab-lished for the judicial branch or the legisla-tive branch, as applicable. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSISTENCY WITH PRIVACY ACT OF  
1974.—To ensure consistency with the prin-
ciples of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget may issue guidance that establishes privacy and other require-ments that shall be incorporated into Do Not Pay Initiative access agreements with States, including any contractor, subcon-tractor, or agent of a State, and the judicial and legislative branches of the United States.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) may include States and their quasi- 
government entities, and the judicial and legislative branches of the United States (as defined in paragraphs (2) and (3), respec-tively, of section 202(e) of title 18, United States Code) as users of the system in ac-cordance with subsection (b)(3).’’. 
SEC. 3. IMPROVING THE SHARING AND USE OF 
DATA BY GOVERNMENT AGENCIES TO CURB IMPROPER PAYMENTS. 
The Improper Payments Elimination and 
Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) is amended— 
(1) in section 5(a)(2), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) The death records maintained by the 
Commissioner of Social Security.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7. IMPROVING THE USE OF DATA BY GOV-
ERNMENT AGENCIES FOR CURBING IMPROPER PAYMENTS. 
‘‘(a) P ROMPT REPORTING OF DEATH INFOR -
MATION BY THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND  
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall establish a proce-dure under which each Secretary shall, promptly and on a regular basis, submit in-formation relating to the deaths of individ-uals to each agency for which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget deter-mines receiving and using such information would be relevant and necessary. 
‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE TO AGENCIES REGARDING  
DATA ACCESS AND USE FOR IMPROPER PAY-
MENTS PURPOSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, the heads of other relevant Fed-eral, State, and local agencies, and Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.025 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6085 July 28, 2015 
tribes and tribal organizations, as appro-
priate, shall issue guidance regarding imple-mentation of the Do Not Pay Initiative under section 5 to— 
‘‘(A) the Department of the Treasury; and ‘‘(B) each agency or component of an agen-
cy— 
‘‘(i) that operates or maintains a database 
of information described in section 5(a)(2); or 
‘‘(ii) for which the Director determines im-
proved data matching would be relevant, necessary, or beneficial. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidance issued 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) address the implementation of sub-
section (a); and 
‘‘(B) include the establishment of deadlines 
for access to and use of the databases de-scribed in section 5(a)(2) under the Do Not Pay Initiative.’’. 
SEC. 4. DATA ANALYTICS. 
Section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimi-
nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON IMPROPER PAYMENTS DATA 
ANALYSIS .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of the Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall submit to Con-gress a report which shall include a descrip-tion of— 
‘‘(1) data analytics performed as part of the 
Do Not Pay Business Center operated by the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of detecting, preventing, and recovering im-proper payments through preaward, postaward prepayment, and postpayment analysis, which shall include a description of any analysis or investigations incor-porating— 
‘‘(A) review and data matching of pay-
ments and beneficiary enrollment lists of State programs carried out using Federal funds for the purposes of identifying eligi-bility duplication, residency ineligibility, duplicate payments, or other potential im-proper payment issues; 
‘‘(B) review of multiple Federal agencies 
and programs for which comparison of data could show payment duplication; and 
‘‘(C) review of other information the Sec-
retary of the Treasury determines could prove effective for identifying, preventing, or recovering improper payments, which may include investigation or review of informa-tion from multiple Federal agencies or pro-grams; 
‘‘(2) the metrics used in determining 
whether the analytic and investigatory ef-forts have reduced, or contributed to the re-duction of, improper payments or improper awards; and 
‘‘(3) the target dates for implementing the 
data analytics operations performed as part of the Do Not Pay Business Center’’. 
The bill (S. 614), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
WOUNDED WARRIORS FEDERAL 
LEAVE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 160, S. 242. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 242) to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-
cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 242) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 242 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wounded 
Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL LEAVE FOR FEDERAL EM-
PLOYEES WHO ARE DISABLED VET-ERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 6329. Disabled veteran leave 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) notwithstanding section 6301, the term 
‘employee’— 
‘‘(A) has the meaning given such term in 
section 2105; and 
‘‘(B) includes an officer or employee of the 
United States Postal Service or of the Postal Regulatory Commission; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘service-connected’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 101(16) of title 38; and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘veteran’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 101(2) of title 38. 
‘‘(b) L
EAVE CREDITED .—During the 12- 
month period beginning on the first day of the employment of an employee who is a vet-eran with a service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or more disabling, the employee is entitled to leave, without loss or reduction in pay, for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability for which sick leave could regularly be used. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A MOUNT OF LEAVE .—The leave credited 
to an employee under subsection (b) may not exceed 104 hours. 
‘‘(2) N
O CARRY OVER .—Any leave credited to 
an employee under subsection (b) that is not used during the 12-month period described in such subsection may not be carried over and shall be forfeited. 
‘‘(d) C
ERTIFICATION .—In order to verify that 
leave credited to an employee under sub-section (b) is used for treating a service-con-nected disability, the employee shall submit to the head of the employing agency a cer-tification, in such form and manner as the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment may prescribe, that the employee used the leave for purposes of being furnished treatment for the disability by a health care provider.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 63 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 6328 the following: 
‘‘6329. Disabled veteran leave.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply with respect to an employee (as that term is defined in section 6329(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)) hired on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act— 
(A) the Postmaster General shall prescribe 
regulations with respect to the leave pro-vided under the amendment made by sub-section (a) for employees of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regu-latory Commission; and 
(B) the Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management shall prescribe regulations with respect to the leave provided under the amendment made by subsection (a) for all other employees. 
(2) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 
3 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 months thereafter until the date on which the Director of the Office of Personnel Management prescribes final regu-lations under paragraph (1)(B), the Director shall brief the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives regarding the development of such regulations. 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE 
PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 161, S. 764. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 764) to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 764 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Sea 
Grant College Program Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO THE NATIONAL SEA 
GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, wher-
ever in this Act an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1121 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF DEAN JOHN A. KNAUSS 
MARINE POLICY FELLOWSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(b) (33 U.S.C. 
1127(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall’’. 
(b) P
LACEMENTS IN CONGRESS .—Such section is 
further amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (1), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘A fellowship’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) P
LACEMENT PRIORITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In each year in which the 
Secretary awards a legislative fellowship under this subsection, when considering the placement of fellows, the Secretary shall prioritize place-ment of fellows in the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.028 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6086 July 28, 2015 
‘‘(i) Positions in offices of, or with members 
on, committees of Congress that have jurisdic-tion over the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
‘‘(ii) Positions in offices of members of Con-
gress that have a demonstrated interest in ocean, coastal, or Great Lakes resources. 
‘‘(B) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—In placing 
fellows in offices described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum de-gree practicable, that placements are equitably distributed among the political parties. 
‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A fellowship’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (b) shall apply with respect to the first calendar year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS CONCERNING FEDERAL  
HIRING OF FORMER FELLOWS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that in recognition of the competitive nature of the fellowship under section 208(b) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), and of the exceptional qualifica-tions of fellowship awardees, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, should encourage participating Federal agencies to consider opportunities for fellowship award-ees at the conclusion of their fellowship for workforce positions appropriate for their edu-cation and experience. 
SEC. 4. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF COMMERCE TO ACCEPT DONATIONS FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 204(c)(4)(E) (33 
U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(E) accept donations of money and, notwith-
standing section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, of voluntary and uncompensated serv-ices;’’. 
(b) P
RIORITIES .—The Secretary of Commerce, 
acting through the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall estab-lish priorities for the use of donations accepted under section 204(c)(4)(E) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)), and shall consider among those priorities the possibility of expanding the Dean John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship’s placement of additional fellows in relevant legis-lative offices under section 208(b) of that Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), in accordance with the rec-ommendations under subsection (c) of this sec-tion. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Sea Grant College Program, in consultation with the National Sea Grant Advi-sory Board and the Sea Grant Association, shall— 
(1) develop recommendations for the optimal 
use of any donations accepted under section 204(c)(4)(E) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)); and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on the rec-
ommendations developed under paragraph (1). 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit or otherwise affect any other amounts available for marine policy fellowships under section 208(b) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), including amounts— 
(1) accepted under section 204(c)(4)(F) of that 
Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(F)); or 
(2) appropriated under section 212 of that Act 
(33 U.S.C. 1131). 
SEC. 5. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR REPORT 
ON COORDINATION OF OCEANS AND COASTAL RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
Section 9 of the National Sea Grant College 
Program Act Amendments of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 857– 20) is repealed. 
SEC. 6. REDUCTION IN FREQUENCY REQUIRED 
FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT ADVI-SORY BOARD REPORT. 
Section 209(b)(2) (33 U.S.C. 1128(b)(2)) is 
amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘P ERIODIC ’’; and 
(2) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The 
Board shall report to the Congress every two years’’ and inserting ‘‘Not less frequently than once every 3 years, the Board shall submit to Congress a report’’. 
SEC. 7. MODIFICATION OF ELEMENTS OF NA-
TIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 204(b) (33 U.S.C. 1123(b)) is amended, 
in the matter before paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘for research, education, extension, training, technology transfer, and public service’’ after ‘‘financial assistance’’. 
SEC. 8. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY; DEAN JOHN A. 
KNAUSS MARINE POLICY FELLOW-SHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016 and 
thereafter, the head of any Federal agency may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of that title, a qualified candidate described in subsection (b) directly to a position with the Federal agency for which the candidate meets Office of Personnel Management qualification standards. 
(b) D
EAN JOHN A. K NAUSS MARINE POLICY  
FELLOWSHIP .—Subsection (a) applies with re-
spect to a former recipient of a Dean John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship under section 208(b) of the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)) who— 
(1) earned a graduate or post-graduate degree 
in a field related to ocean, coastal and Great Lakes resources or policy from an accredited in-stitution of higher education; and 
(2) successfully fulfilled the requirements of 
the fellowship within the executive or legislative branch of the United States Government. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The direct hire authority 
under this section shall be exercised with respect to a specific qualified candidate not later than 2 years after the date that the candidate com-pleted the fellowship. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 212(a) (33 U.S.C. 
1131(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘;’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) $72,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(H) $75,600,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(I) $79,380,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(J) $83,350,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(K) $87,520,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(L) $91,900,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(M) $96,500,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; (2) in the heading for paragraph (2), by in-
serting ‘‘
FOR FISCAL YEARS 2009 THROUGH 2014 ’’ 
after ‘‘P RIORITY ACTIVITIES ’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) P RIORITY ACTIVITIES FOR FISCAL YEARS  
2015 THROUGH 2020 .—In addition to the amounts 
authorized under paragraph (1), there is au-thorized to be appropriated $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2020 for competitive grants for the following: 
‘‘(A) University research on the biology, pre-
vention, and control of aquatic nonnative spe-cies. 
‘‘(B) University research on oyster diseases, 
oyster restoration, and oyster-related human health risks. 
‘‘(C) University research on the biology, pre-
vention, and forecasting of harmful algal blooms. 
‘‘(D) University research, education, training, 
and extension services and activities focused on coastal resilience and U.S. working waterfronts and other regional or national priority issues identified in the strategic plan under section 204(c)(1). ‘‘(E) University research on sustainable aqua-
culture techniques and technologies. 
‘‘(F) Fishery extension activities conducted by 
sea grant colleges or sea grant institutes to en-hance, and not supplant, existing core program funding.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON  
AMOUNTS FOR ADMINISTRATION .—Paragraph (1) 
of section 212(b) (33 U.S.C. 1131(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—There may not be used for 
administration of programs under this title in a fiscal year more than 5.5 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) the amount authorized to be appropriated 
under this title for the fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) the amount appropriated under this title 
for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) C
RITICAL STAFFING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall use the 
authority under subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, to meet any critical staffing requirement while carrying out the ac-tivities authorized in this title. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION FROM CAP .—For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), any costs incurred as a result of an exercise of authority as described in clause (i) shall not be considered an amount used for administration of programs under this title in a fiscal year.’’. 
(c) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 204(d)(3) (33 U.S.C. 
1123(d)(3)) is amended— 
(A) in the matter before subparagraph (A), by 
striking ‘‘With respect to sea grant colleges and sea grant institutes’’ and inserting ‘‘With re-spect to sea grant colleges, sea grant institutes, sea grant programs, and sea grant projects’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), in the matter before 
clause (i), by striking ‘‘funding among sea grant colleges and sea grant institutes’’ and inserting ‘‘funding among sea grant colleges, sea grant institutes, sea grant programs, and sea grant projects’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING DIS -
TRIBUTION OF EXCESS AMOUNTS .—Section 212 (33 
U.S.C. 1131) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as 
subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
SEC. 10. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
The National Sea Grant College Program Act 
(33 U.S.C. 1121 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 204(d)(3)(B) (33 U.S.C. 
1123(d)(3)(B)), by moving clause (vi) two ems to the right; and 
(2) in section 209(b)(2) (33 U.S.C. 1128(b)(2)), 
as amended by section 6, in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF RESOURCES OF DEPART -
MENT OF COMMERCE .—The Secretary shall’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the committee-reported substitute be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 764), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY6.030 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6087 July 28, 2015 
AUTHORIZING USE OF 
EMANCIPATION HALL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 64, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 64) 
authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 64) was agreed to. 
f 
HONORING THE NATIONAL ASSO-
CIATION OF WOMEN BUSINESS OWNERS ON ITS 40TH ANNIVER-SARY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 225. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 225) honoring the Na-
tional Association of Women Business Own-ers on its 40th anniversary. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 225) was 
agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of July 21, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND HONORING THE 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 20. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 20) 
recognizing and honoring the 25th anniver-sary of the date of enactment of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 20) was agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution, with its 
preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 1881 AND H.J. RES. 61 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand that there is a bill and a joint resolution at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the measures by title for the first time en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1881) to prohibit Federal funding 
of Planned Parenthood Federation of Amer-ica. 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under 
TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading, and I object to my own request, all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the measures will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 
29, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, July 29; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.R. 22, under the previous order, with the time until 10 a.m. equally divided in the usual form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:04 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, July 29, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate July 28, 2015: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT P. ASHLEY, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G28JY6.058 S28JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1135 July 28, 2015 
SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD 
LABELING ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, con-taining, or consisting of a bioengineered or-ganism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes: 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I rise today to ex-
press my opposition to H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015. This legislation would prohibit the Food and Drug Administration from developing a national ge-netically modified organism (GMO) labeling system for food, block any state or local laws to require GMO labeling, and ultimately deny consumers the right to know what is in their food. 
Nearly 90 percent of consumers wish to 
know if their food contains GMO ingredients and I believe Americans should have that same right that 64 other nations have already provided their citizens. 
H.R. 1599 lets down the American con-
sumer and for that reason I am opposed to this legislation and encourage the House of Representatives to take up legislation that adequately addresses this issue and gives consumers the information they demand. 
f 
TARRANT COUNTY COLLEGE 
DISTRICT 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Tarrant County College Dis-trict on 50 years of making a difference in Tarrant County. 
Fifty years ago, the citizens of Tarrant 
County came together to establish the Tarrant County Junior College District. Its creation marked the tradition of providing knowledge, skills and the hope for a better future to the people of Tarrant County. 
At its founding, the College enrolled 4,272 
students at its original South Campus. Within its first five years, the College created its cur-riculum, built and staffed two campuses and received full accreditation. Today, the Tarrant County College District includes 21st century curriculums for its students in fields as varied as healthcare, aviation and firefighting. 
Because of the unbridled optimism of its 
leadership and the dedication to its mission, Tarrant County College District has seen its enrollment soar to more than 100,000 stu-dents each year. The original campus has been joined by five others that serve the com-
munity, and future growth is on the horizon. 
Tarrant County College District is, has been 
and will continue to be, an integral part in the success of so many people in our community. 
I offer my hearty congratulations to Chan-
cellor Erma Johnson Hadley, the faculty, stu-dents and alumni of Tarrant County College District on this 50th Anniversary and look for-ward to their continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. STEVE RUSSELL 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on 
the House floor to commemorate the 50th an-niversary of the National Collegiate Honors Council. The NCHC, which is dedicated to achieving excellence in education in diverse subject and curriculum areas currently, rep-resents over 800 colleges and universities around the country and over 325,000 students in honors programs. To recognize these achievements, I have sponsored House Reso-lution 360 which was introduced last Friday and was supported by my colleagues as origi-nal cosponsors, Reps. B
OUSTANY , BENISHEK , 
BISHOP and C OLE. H. Res. 360 commemo-
rates the hard work that these students and their faculty and administrators have under-taken with the NCHC over the past five dec-ades to maintain U.S. preeminence in edu-cation. As a member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I salute the NCHC and its officers for their valuable con-tribution to the high education of our young people. 
I would also like to honor Southern Naza-
rene University, in my district, on their mem-bership in the National Collegiate Honors Council. Having just completed their 7th year as an honors program, SNU’s curriculum em-phasizes service leadership and real-world ap-plication. As a part of the curriculum students in the Honors Program at SNU are required to write a grant on behalf of a local Title1 ele-mentary school, where the first year honors students also mentor two children each throughout their first year of college. To date, the SNU Honors Program first year students have had just under $15,000-worth of their grants funded in the four years they have been doing this experience. 
Most of the graduates of the SNU Honors 
Program continue on in their education, with the majority attending medical, professional, or graduate school directly after graduation from SNU. HONORING JOEY MENDOZA 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Joseph ‘‘Joey’’ Mendoza Jr., who passed away on July 23, 2015, surrounded by his family and friends. A third-generation member of a pioneering Point Reyes ranching family, Joey Mendoza was a very active lead-er within the local agricultural community and has been among the industry’s most steadfast and passionate supporters. 
Joey Mendoza was born on December 30, 
1943, to Joe Sr. and Doris ‘‘Scotty’’ Mendoza and was raised on the family’s historic working ranch in Point Reyes National Seashore, known as ‘B’ Ranch, where he also attended the one room school house located on that property. He went on to graduate from Tomales High School in 1961 before com-pleting his education at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. 
During his long career as a dairyman and 
agricultural advocate, Joey Mendoza was dedicated to the success of his family busi-ness. He shared his leadership skills and com-prehensive knowledge of the dairy industry by contributing to the boards and committees of numerous organizations, including the West-ern United Dairymen, the Dairymen’s Feed Co-op, and the Marin County Farm Bureau, where he served as board president from 1982 to 1984. The California State Milk Pool-ing Board, the Point Reyes National Seashore Ranchers Association, the California Gold Co- op, the Redwood Empire Holstein Association, and the North Bay Dairy Herd Improvement Association also benefitted from his support. 
Known for his keen sense of humor and his 
ability to balance the principles of environ-mental stewardship while advancing economic viability and protecting future success for the long-standing ranching legacy in Point Reyes National Seashore, Joey was a reliable friend to the agricultural community, the National Park Service, and the extended West Marin community alike. Able to forge consensus around vexing and controversial issues, his steady thoughtfulness, strength, and wit were a model for others and won’t be soon forgot-ten. Even as he battled cancer in his final days, Joey was a force to be reckoned with and respected by all. 
While he was an incredibly dedicated ranch-
er throughout his life, Joey never missed an opportunity to participate in social gatherings, enjoy a hunt with his deer club, or support the San Francisco Giants, San Francisco 49ers, and his beloved Tomales Braves. His love for his family and friends was immense, and his passing leaves a void. 
Mr. Speaker, Joey Mendoza’s legacy is one 
of dedication to the local agriculture and broader West Marin ranching community. It is therefore appropriate to pay tribute to him today and express deepest condolences to his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.013 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1136 July 28, 2015 
wife of thirty-five years, Linda Mendoza; broth-
er, Jim Mendoza; daughter, Jolynn McClelland; son, Jarrod Mendoza; grand-children, Collin and Luke McClelland and Layla Mendoza; in addition to his numerous nieces, nephews, extended family, and close friends. 
f 
CELEBRATION OF THE 25TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF ELASTEC/AMER-ICAN MARINE 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge the celebration of the 25th Anni-versary of Elastec/American Marine. 
Elastec/American Marine is a company that 
manufactures pollution recovery systems, fo-cusing in international oil spill recovery. The company has over 100 employees, and its headquarters are located in Carmi, Illinois, with another location in Fairfield, Illinois, that opened in 2012. The company has received numerous awards for not only its products, but its employees and operations as well. 
Twenty-five years ago, CEO Donnie Wilson 
and VP Jeff Cantrell combined their skills to create a drum oil skimmer and established Elastec. Over the years, with investors, Direc-tor Bill Harmon, the continuing development of systems and products, among other contribu-tors, Elastec/American Marine has become a leader in manufacturing systems of pollution recovery. These systems and products reach over 145 countries. 
I am honored to have a company that is 
recognized for such work within my district, and I look forward to hearing about its contin-ued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO OFFICERS MICHAEL 
SMITH, CHRISTOPHER ROMANO, AND WILLIAM FOSTER 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Officers Michael Smith, Christopher Romano, and William Foster of the Syracuse New York Police Department. On July 1, 2015, Officers Smith and Romano responded to the scene of a dispute call when they ob-served smoke coming from the second floor windows of a neighboring building. After im-mediately notifying the 911 dispatch center, along with Officer Foster’s arrival, the three of-ficers sprung to action and entered the burn-ing building in search of potential residents. Due to these officer’s heroic actions, three oc-cupants, including a pregnant mother and her child were saved, unscathed from the home. 
Officer Smith was appointed to the Syra-
cuse Police Department on September 5, 1997 and has since been assigned to the Pa-trol Division. Officer Romano was appointed on July 25, 2005 and was also assigned to the Patrol Division. Officer Foster was appointed to the Syracuse Police Department in 1986 and has since been assigned to the K9 unit. Officers Smith, Romano and Foster have 
each bravely served the Syracuse New York Police Department for over ten years. I am proud to share in the recognition of Officers Smith, Romano, and Foster as first-rate offi-cers, performing tremendous service to the people of Syracuse, New York. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PRATT & 
WHITNEY ON THE OCCASION OF THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF THEIR INCORPORATION 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate 
the great aerospace manufacturer Pratt & Whitney on the 90th anniversary of their incor-poration. Beginning with the first 24 men and two women who reported to work in 1925, and continuing through today, Pratt & Whitney’s main purpose has been to build ever newer and better aircraft engines. 
Today, that small company has grown to 
employ more than 31,000 people, including many in my district, in well-paying jobs in ca-reers they can be proud of. Pratt & Whitney employs 103 people in Middletown, Pennsyl-vania, and I’m proud to say that they are look-ing to expand to over 200. This is cutting edge technology that, in turn, is putting food on the table for folks back home. 
In the last ninety years, there have been 
few innovations that have affected our daily lives as much as the jet engine. And Pratt & Whitney has been there every step of the way for every improvement and breakthrough in technology. 
Mr. Speaker, Pratt & Whitney has defined 
aviation, and built dependable engines for nine decades. And I wish them all of the best for their next 90 years. 
f 
IN HONOR OF TOM GREER 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and career of Tom Greer, an outstanding public servant on the occasion of his retirement as general manager of the Mon-terey Regional Airport. His exceptional career has spanned nearly five decades and included both military and civil service. 
After graduating from Auburn University in 
Alabama in 1965 with a degree in aviation management, Tom joined the Marines and was sent to Officers Candidate School in Quantico, Virginia. Upon receipt of his wings as a Naval Flight Officer in March 1967, he was assigned to various Fighter/Attack squad-rons flying F–4B Phantom in over 320 combat missions in Vietnam. 
Following his release from active duty in 
March 1970, Tom was selected as Airport Di-rector for Golden Triangle Regional Airport near Columbus, Missouri. Under his excep-tional leadership, this new airport was con-structed from the ground up, opening success-fully in the fall of 1972. Tom then took his aviation management skills to Salt Lake City, 
where he served as Director of Operations for the Salt Lake City Airport Authority. His guid-ance allowed the airport to remain operational while undergoing major expansion programs to accommodate a new hub for Western Air-lines, now Delta. He then served in various capacities for Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport authority from 1984 until 1999. During his tenure, passenger traffic increased from two million to over five million, and a new ter-minal building was constructed for the 70 year old facility. 
We have been blessed to have Tom serving 
as General Manager for the Monterey Penin-sula Airport District since December of 2003. Some of his numerous accomplishments in-clude the Terminal re-model, the TSA screen-ing moved to a central location, a contract for Fire Services with the City of Monterey, and, currently, the Runway Safety Area Project and Airport Master Plan Project. 
Throughout his extraordinary career, Tom 
has received numerous awards for his con-tributions to the profession. He was the recipi-ent of the American Association of Airport Ex-ecutives (AAAE) Leadership Award in 2000, served as AAAE chairman in 2003, received the Distinguished Service Award in 2005, and the Chair’s Award for 2008. He was named Airport Manager of the Year in 1988 and re-ceived the Chapter’s Award of Distinction in 2003. 
Mr. Speaker, the Central Coast is exception-
ally grateful to Tom for his service to the com-munity, the aviation industry, and the country. I wish nothing but the best for Tom in his re-tirement, and I know he looks forward to spending more time with his wonderful family, including his five children and thirteen grand-children. 
f 
ROBERT FISHER 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate and to recognize Robert Fisher upon his recent election to the Board of Directors at the National Association of Fed-eral Credit Unions. 
Mr. Fisher has served as the President and 
CEO of Grow Financial Federal Credit Union for 23 years and his dedication to the commu-nity has been an outstanding asset to the Tampa Bay area. It is a testament to his lead-ership that Grow Financial is ranked as one of the best places to work in the Tampa Bay Times’ employee survey of Top Workplaces. 
Mr. Fisher has previously served on the 
Board of Directors of the Tampa Bay Partner-ship Regional Economic Development Group, the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta Jackson-ville Branch, and he has chaired the Finance committee of the Greater Tampa Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors. 
Mr. Fisher’s knowledge and experience with 
serving his community and the financial serv-ices sector will undoubtedly benefit National Association of Federal Credit Unions as he has a deep understanding of the challenges and issues that lie ahead with credit unions at both the state and federal level and I look for-ward to working with him in his new capacity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.003 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1137 July 28, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I join the Tampa Bay commu-
nity in thanking Mr. Robert Fisher for his ex-ceptional service, not only to our district, but to the State of Florida. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. ARLINE 
FRANCES DENNIS ON THE OCCA-SION OF HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to recognize my constituent, Mrs. Arline Frances Dennis, as she celebrates her 100th birthday. Arline presently resides with her son in Shickshinny, which I am proud to say is in my district. She has continually served our area through her involvement in the church and in the community as a whole. 
Arline was born on November 23, 1915 in 
Reyburn, Pennsylvania. She grew up attend-ing a one room school, and later went on to graduate from Shickshinny High School. Growing up, she belonged to the Reyburn Bible Church, where she was an active mem-ber of the congregation. As an avid piano player and energetic teacher, Arline taught Sunday school and helped to organize a num-ber of the church’s Christmas programs. She also dedicated her time to the church youth group, ‘‘Christian Endeavor.’’ 
In 1939, Arline married Charles Elmer Den-
nis, and the two were married for 63 years be-fore Charles passed away in 2002. They have two sons together, Wayne Charles and Zane Elmer. The family attended Harmony Meth-odist Church, where Arline played the piano, directed the choir, and taught Sunday School, and Charles was the Sunday School super-intendent. Later, the two went on to be found-ing members of the Woodland Bible Chapel. With her love for music and community, Arline continued to play the piano and teach Sunday school at this new house of worship. Though she no longer plays the piano or teaches, Arline continues to attend services at Wood-land Bible Chapel. 
Outside of church, Arline has served our 
community in a variety of roles. For 16 years, she proudly served as the Judge of Elections in Union Township, located in Luzerne County. Furthermore, in addition to giving private piano lessons to over 500 students until 2010, Arline also taught music at Muhlenburg Christian Academy for 22 years, touching the lives of many students until she retired at the age of 90. With a passion for travel, Arline also co-ordinated community bus trips to New Jersey and Florida. In fact, during their marriage, Arline and Charles visited every state in the continental US and also traveled to Hawaii and Israel. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize Mrs. Arline 
Frances Dennis on this important milestone, and to thank her for her time spent serving our area. Arline’s commitment to her faith, family, and community are admirable, and I wish her a happy and healthy 100th birthday celebra-tion in the company of family and friends. NATURAL GROCERS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Natural Grocers’ efforts to promote healthy eating through their free edu-cational outreach over the last 60 years. 
Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage was 
founded by Margaret and Phillip Isely and is based in Lakewood, Colorado. In 2015, they were recognized as the 11th fastest growing Colorado public company. Their mission is to provide shoppers with an affordable, healthy lifestyle as well as empower them to take con-trol of their own wellbeing. 
Not only does Natural Grocers supply Colo-
radans with healthy food options, they also provide customers personalized nutrition infor-mation to help them meet their nutritional goals. Natural Grocers has provided Colo-radans free nutrition education programs since 1955. Their health coaches organize nutri-tional outreach programs to numerous schools and businesses, as well as hold in-store cook-ing demonstrations and nutrition classes. 
Additionally, I regularly hold my ‘‘Govern-
ment in the Grocery’’ events at Natural Gro-cers stores around my district. These events give me the opportunity to visit with constitu-ents in their communities on topics ranging from veterans issues, the economy and jobs to foreign policy. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Natural Grocers for their accomplishment in promoting healthy eating through edu-cational outreach and I commend them for their dedication to providing extraordinary services to Colorado customers. I wish Natural Grocers all the best in their next 60 years of operation. 
f 
IRANIAN NUCLEAR STATE ‘‘INEVI-
TABLE’’ UNDER FLAWED WEAP-ONS DEAL 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
President Obama continues to tell Congress and the American people that the Iran nuclear agreement is the best deal possible and ad-vances peace. Such boasting collapses under scrutiny. What was previously unacceptable— an Iranian nuclear state—is now inevitable under the terms and conditions of what is offi-cially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
Tragically, the deal is riddled with serious 
flaws, gaps, and huge concessions to Iran. Taken as a whole, the deal poses an existen-tial threat to Israel, our allies in the region— and even poses significant risks to the United States, despite assurances from Secretary of State John Kerry in testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee today. 
Not only is Iran now permitted to continue 
enriching uranium—a previous nonnegotiable redline was no enrichment whatsoever—but inspections are anything but ‘‘anytime, any-where’’—the Obama Administration’s previous pledge to the nation and the world. And the key restriction on Iran’s nuclear pro-
gram—the ability to enrich at high levels—be-gins to expire in as little as 10 years. Once these restrictions expire, Iran could enrich on an industrial scale and the U.S. and its allies will be left with no effective measures to pre-vent Iran from initiating an accelerated nuclear program to produce the materials needed for a nuclear weapon. 
On the inspections front, Iran’s Supreme 
Leader Khamenei has stated that he will ‘‘never’’ permit inspectors to inspect Iran’s mili-tary bases. Even after the agreement was signed, the Iranian Minister of Defense report-edly said that ‘‘Tehran will not allow any for-eigner to discover Iran’s defensive and missile capabilities by inspecting the country’s military sites.’’ 
Given Iran’s repeated cover-ups of its clan-
destine nuclear program, its refusal to give the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) access to its Parchin military facility where Iran is believed to have tested detonators for nuclear warheads, and its stone-walling the IAEA concerning evidence that it had done ex-tensive research and development on a nu-clear explosive device, verification is funda-mental to ensure that Iran is abiding by the agreement’s terms. Secretary Kerry, after an Iranian history of refusal to allow inspections at Parchin, would only assure us of inspec-tions there ‘‘as appropriate,’’ whatever that means. 
Yet the agreement contains many limits on 
access by IAEA inspectors to suspected sites, including a 24-day period in which Iran is al-lowed to continue to refuse the IAEA’s request to visit a facility followed by a very long proc-ess needed to increase pressure on Iran to permit access if it still blocks access by in-spectors. During this period, Iran will have suf-ficient time to remove, cover up, or destroy any evidence. ‘‘Managed access’’ would be better called ‘‘manipulated access’’ as inspec-tors will get access to suspected sites only after consultations between the world powers and Iran, over as long as 24 days—or more. 
Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman 
has said that pledges by Obama Administra-tion officials that the agreement would guar-antee ‘‘anywhere, anytime’’ inspections of Iran’s nuclear facilities were only ‘‘rhetorical.’’ Mere words without substance? Why would our allies in the region trust us if our word— and negotiating positions-are indeed only rhe-torical flourish? 
Congress recently discovered that the 
United States and other P5+1 members have left the IAEA and Iran to work out inspection details in secret, which could allow Iran to sim-ply submit samples and make its own certifi-cation of compliance in lieu of actual inspec-tion of facilities such as Parchin. 
Mr. Speaker, the IAEA has uncovered sig-
nificant evidence that Iran has engaged in ac-tivities related to the development of a nuclear weapon. Despite many agreements with the IAEA in which Iran has pledged to provide sat-isfactory information, the IAEA has repeatedly said that Iran has given it virtually nothing. Secretary of State Kerry has said that the U.S. has ‘‘absolute knowledge’’ of Iran’s past mili-tary activities regarding its nuclear program, but Gen. Michael Hayden, the former Director of the CIA, recently testified to Congress that the U.S. did not have that capability. 
Furthermore, as witnesses testified at a joint 
hearing this afternoon by three Foreign Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.010 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1138 July 28, 2015 
subcommittees, there is ample evidence that 
Iran has a longstanding nuclear collaboration with North Korea. In light of the abundant evi-dence they will present, what gives the Admin-istration certainty that the Iranians won’t at some point during this agreement acquire fissile material beyond what they are allowed to produce for themselves or actual warheads from North Korea? 
Why was the Iran-North Korea nuclear col-
laboration not factored into the Iran nuclear agreement? Surely Secretary Kerry is aware of the Iran-North Korea nuclear linkage. As-sistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs Douglas Frantz, previously a high-ranking Kerry Senate aide, wrote a 2003 article about Iran’s ties to the North Korean nuclear pro-gram. Are we to believe Frantz and Kerry never discussed this issue? He dodged the question at today’s committee hearing. 
Mr. Speaker, in March 2007, the UN Secu-
rity Council unanimously adopted Resolution 1747 which, inter alia, established an embargo on the export from Iran of all arms and related materials, thereby banning all states and groups from purchasing or receiving arms from Iran. The resolution also called on all states to ‘‘exercise vigilance and restraint’’ in their supply of any items covered by the U.N. Register of Conventional Arms to Iran. 
However, reports indicate that Russia is 
eager to sell massive amounts of military hardware to Iran. How will this shape other re-gional conflicts in which Iran is currently in-volved, including Iraq, Syria, and Yemen? After the conventional arms embargo is lifted in just 5 years, what limitations, if any, will there be on Iran’s ability to export arms, spe-cifically heavy weapons? Besides Russia, who else will sell weapons to Iran? China? 
Moreover, the Administration and its sup-
porters of the Iranian nuclear agreement downplay the possibility of Saudi Arabia, for example, producing a nuclear weapon as part of a Middle East arms race. However, the Saudis are building King Abdullah City for Atomic Renewable Energy to train nuclear sci-entists and already have greater science and mathematics capacity than Pakistan had when it developed nuclear weapons. Why couldn’t and why wouldn’t the Saudis join the nuclear arms race when faced with a more nuclear and conventionally armed Iran? Secretary Kerry would have us believe that the Saudis and others in the region would prefer the cur-rent agreement to an effort to achieve a more effective one and would agree not to pursue nuclear weapons even though Iran is on the path to develop or acquire its own. 
Mr. Speaker, ballistic missiles are a central 
component of any country’s nuclear weapons program as they allow for the quick, accurate delivery of nuclear weapons over long dis-tances. While the agreement calls for Iran to abide by all U.N. Security Council resolu-tions—including the requirement that ‘‘Iran shall not undertake any activity related to bal-listic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons,’’ Iranian Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei’s criticized the call for Iran to end its ballistic missile program, characterizing it as ‘‘a stupid, idiotic expectation’’ and claim-ing ‘‘The Revolutionary Guards should defi-nitely carry out their program and not be satis-fied with the present level. They should mass produce.’’ 
In an 11th hour concession by the Obama 
Administration and others, the agreement ‘‘sunsets’’ U.N. sanctions on Iran’s ballistic 
missile program after 8 years, and also re-quires that the European Union do the same. U.S. intelligence estimates Iran to have the largest arsenal of ballistic missiles in the Mid-dle East. Congress has heard testimony that ‘‘no country that has not aspired to possess nuclear weapons has ever opted to sustain’’ a costly, long-range missile program. Simply put, countries build ICBMs to deliver nukes. 
Under this agreement, the Iranians have 
stated they are under no obligation to stop de-veloping ballistic missiles. In fact, this agree-ment would allow them the two things they need to advance their program: money and foreign assistance. 
Mr. Speaker, the agreement requires ‘‘full 
implementation’’ by October 15 of the commit-ments in the ‘‘roadmap’’ made by Iran to the IAEA in their 2011 agreement, following which the IAEA is to provide its ‘‘final assessment on the resolution of all past and present out-standing issues.’’ However, there is no stated penalty if Iran continues to refuse to provide sufficient information to fully answer the IAEA’s questions, which Iran cannot do with-out admitting it had a secret nuclear weapons program. 
Iran has repeatedly agreed to answer the 
IAEA’s questions regarding extensive evi-dence that it had a secret research and devel-opment program regarding a nuclear device, including fitting it onto a ballistic missile. All that resulted was the Iranians stonewalling the inspectors. 
Is the failure to resolve the possible military 
dimensions as required by the IAEA a viola-tion of the agreement? Why would Iran pro-vide any information now when there is noth-ing in the agreement to compel it to do so? 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, Saeed Abedini is an 
American citizen. He was in Iran in 2012, vis-iting family and building an orphanage, when he was taken prisoner. Twelve years before, he had converted to Christianity and later was involved in the home church movement in Iran. Knowing about his conversion and earlier engagement with home churches, Iranian au-thorities approved his 2012 trip, approved his orphanage-building, and then imprisoned him. He has been in prison ever since then, and has suffered immensely, from beatings that have caused internal bleeding, death threats, solitary confinement, and more. His wife, Naghmeh, who is also an American and has been a heroic champion for her husband, and their two young children, have also suffered. 
I and many other Members of Congress 
have been advocating on behalf of Pastor Abedini and the other Americans unjustly held in Iran: Amir Hekmati, Jason Rezaian, and Robert Levinson. After our constant appeals for action to secure their release, Secretary Kerry said today that the Administration is now focusing on their release. We shall see what happens. 
Congress should vote down the Joint Com-
prehensive Plan of Action, reinstate com-prehensive, robust sanctions and direct the executive branch to resume the struggle to craft an enforceable accord to ensure no nu-clear weapons capability for Iran—ever. Con-gress did this with the SALT 1, SALT II and the Chemical Weapons Convention and ended up with stronger accords. Why not do so once again? IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL 
RICK HARNEY, JR. ON THE OCCA-SION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to recognize Colonel Rick Harney, Jr. on the occasion of his retirement from the United States Army. Throughout his 37 year career, Col. Harney has selflessly served our country and community; namely, during the time he spent as Director of the United States Army Heritage and Education Center (USAHEC) at the Carlisle Barracks, which I am honored to represent. USAHEC is a tremendous institu-tion within my congressional district charged with educating members of our Armed Forces and honoring soldiers—past and present. 
Col. Harney enlisted in the Army in August 
of 1978. In 1987, after matriculating from the United States Officer Candidate School in Fort Benning, Georgia as a Distinguished Military Graduate, he received his commission as a Field Artillery Lieutenant. He has undertaken many notable assignments, including Assistant Commandant and Chief at the United States Army Quartermaster School in Fort Lee, Vir-ginia, and Commander of the Defense Dis-tribution Center at the Anniston Army Depot in Alabama. Such roles have enabled Col. Har-ney to positively influence his colleagues, as well as the future strategic leaders of our mili-tary. 
A Magna Cum Laude graduate from Hawaii 
Pacific University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, he also holds an impressive number of advanced degrees, in-cluding a Master of Business Administration from Webster University, a Master of Military Arts and Science from the United States Army Command and General Staff College, and a Master of Strategic Studies from the Air War College. In addition to his academic success, Col. Harney has received an extensive amount of awards and decorations. These in-clude the Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Service Medal with two Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Meritorious Service Medal with Silver Oak Leaf Cluster, Joint Service Achievement Medal with two Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Achievement Medal with five Oak Leaf Clus-ters, Joint Meritorious Unit Award with Oak Leaf Cluster, Army Superior Unit Award, Mas-ter Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, and Parachute Rigger Badge. Such accolades are indicative of the high caliber of his dedicated service to our nation. 
On July 7th, 2014, Col. Harney assumed 
duties as the Director of the USAHEC at the Carlisle Barracks in my congressional district. As an instructor and educator, Col. Harney has significantly improved the experiences of his fellow instructors and students. The initia-tives and programs he has implemented have shaped the lives of the future leaders of our military, and have enhanced the effectiveness of the United States Army War College. Even though he will no longer be present at USAHEC on a day-to-day basis, his legacy will inevitably carry on. 
Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to congratulate 
Col. Harney on the culmination of a distin-guished, 37-year career in the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.012 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1139 July 28, 2015 
Army. I hope that he will celebrate the occa-
sion in the company of his wife, Leslie, his children, Dominick, Aerin, Marc, and Ashley, and his grandchildren, Izumi, Eugene, Marc, Marvelo, Mecca, Ayrielle, and Ash’kelon. I wish him all the best in this next chapter of his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF CAPTAIN STEPHEN F. WILLIAMSON 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the dedicated service of Captain Stephen F. Williamson. CAPT Williamson has served as the 48th Commanding Officer of Puget Sound Naval Shipyard and Intermediate Maintenance Facility at Naval Base Kitsap. 
Since June of 2012, his steadfast leadership 
has helped guide the civil servants and sailors at PSNS & IMF through periods of tumult and uncertainty, unprecedented growth, and con-tinued strife around the world. In addition, his positive influence has gone well beyond the fences of Naval Base Kitsap and into the sur-rounding communities of the Kitsap Peninsula. 
Prior to assuming the role of Commanding 
Officer at PSNS & IMF, CAPT Williamson served as Business & Operations Officer, Pro-duction Resource Officer, and Operations Offi-cer within the Command. Using experience from these roles, his stellar educational back-ground, and multiple waterfront maintenance and surface warfare tours, CAPT Williamson was well-prepared to take on the challenges that the PSNS & IMF Command can present to its Commanding Officer. 
To meet challenging expectations to main-
tain the fleet and support changing deploy-ment schedules, CAPT Williamson made great strides in growing civilian employment at PSNS & IMF to meet readiness standards and help replace an aging workforce. In addition to hiring thousands of new employees, CAPT Williamson has built on the strong tradition of the PSNS & IMF Apprenticeship Program to help grow the necessary expertise and future civilian leaders at the Shipyard. 
Outside of the deployments and work 
schedules, CAPT Williamson was forced to deal with a number of external factors that put his true leadership skills on display. Congres-sional dysfunction and budget uncertainty dur-ing his tenure as PSNS & IMF Commander forced CAPT Williamson to make difficult deci-sions in times of uncertainty. Regardless of what needed to be done, CAPT Williamson proved to be an open and effective communi-cator to the entire Command and ultimately put the needs of our Service Members and the Country first. 
Mr. Speaker, CAPT Stephen F. Williamson’s 
leadership was not only exhibited within the gates of PSNS & IMF, but outside of the fence line in communities like Bremerton, Silverdale, and Port Orchard. CAPT Williamson was a regular participant in community events like Armed Forces Day and Whaling Days and rarely missed an opportunity to join a fun-run or service oriented 5K Race. He invested his time in building strong relationships with local service clubs and support organizations like the Bremerton-Olympic Peninsula Navy 
League and the Puget Sound Naval Bases Association. 
On behalf of the residents of the 6th Con-
gressional District of Washington State I stand today, proudly, to honor the service of CAPT Stephen F. Williamson as Commanding Offi-cer of Puget Sound Naval Shipyard & Inter-mediate Maintenance Facility. His recent nom-ination for the rank of Rear Admiral by Presi-dent Obama is well-deserved and represents his impact on this community and our Country. Mr. Speaker, I humbly offer Admiral-Select Williamson and his family my sincere grati-tude, and wish them fair winds and following seas. 
f 
HONORING THE KIWANIS CLUB OF 
THOUSAND OAKS 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize the Kiwanis Club of Thousand Oaks on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. 
The Kiwanis Club of Thousand Oaks was 
founded in 1965 and is part of Kiwanis Inter-national, a global organization of steadfast vol-unteers dedicated to improving the world one child and one community at a time. For five decades, the ever-expanding Kiwanis Club of Thousand Oaks has served countless children and has held true to its mission of public serv-ice. It is through this service to community that the Kiwanis Club continues to make the Conejo Valley a better place to live, work, and raise a family. 
Over the last half century, the organization 
has made a concerted effort to encourage members of the community of all ages to vol-unteer. With over 100 members across the Conejo Valley region, the Kiwanis Club of Thousand Oaks has quickly become an im-pressive success and annually dedicates thou-sands of volunteer hours to its cause. 
In addition to its invaluable service to the 
community, the club provides support for sev-eral youth leadership programs such as KEY Clubs in local high schools and service learn-ing organizations at both Pepperdine Univer-sity and California Lutheran University. Fur-thermore, the Kiwanis Club has also focused on the Eliminate Project, an international pro-gram that works to end maternal and neonatal tetanus. 
For its exceptional work towards building a 
better community and world, I am honored to recognize the Kiwanis Club of Thousand Oaks 
for 50 years of service. It is with sincere grati-tude that I congratulate the organization on reaching this historic and momentous mile-stone. 
f 
SECURING EXPEDITED SCREENING 
ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2127, 
the ‘‘Securing Expedited Screening Act.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation because 
it addresses a major issue with the implemen-tation of security measures and the impact of those measures on the traveling public while in our nation’s airports. 
I want to thank my colleague, Congressman 
B
ENNIE THOMPSON of Mississippi for intro-
ducing this thoughtful and necessary legisla-tion that will assist the Transportation Security Administration and the public. 
The ‘‘Securing Expedited Screening Act’’ will 
allow the Transportation Security Administra-tion (TSA) to expedite security screening of passengers who participate in this program and allow the security agency to focus its re-sources on screening individuals who may need more extensive screening. 
This legislation limits the categories of air-
line passengers who may receive expedited airport screening by the TSA, allowing such screening only for passengers who are mem-bers of a TSA trusted traveler program such as PreCheck. 
This legislation will also include individuals 
who are a part of the United States Military. 
The TSA may also provide expedited 
screenings to passengers who are 75 years of age or older; or 12 years of age and younger if their parent or guardian is a participant in the PreCheck program. 
This legislation also allows for the TSA to 
have the freedom to determine if there is an-other group of individuals who may be in-cluded in the PreCheck program. 
Though the TSA must allow for Congress to 
provide an individual assessment to include new groups into the program. 
Trusted programs like PreCheck that allow 
for the TSA officers to remain vigilant of po-tential threats. 
With the recent news of the low pass rate 
of the TSA in the news, this legislation assists those officers in focusing on those individuals who were not prechecked before they attempt to enter the airport terminals. 
Mr. Speaker, this is why I join with my col-
leagues in working to strengthen the programs that assist the TSA in protecting our commer-cial airports throughout this country. 
I urge all of colleagues in the House to sup-
port H.R. 2127 ‘‘Securing Expedited Screening Act.’’ 
f 
SAWTOOTH NATIONAL RECRE-
ATION AREA AND JERRY PEAK WILDERNESS ADDITIONS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my disappoint-ment that yesterday the House approved H.R. 1138, the Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act, by voice vote. 
Throughout my career in Congress, I have 
strongly supported protection of America’s wil-derness, and applaud efforts to bring new lands into the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System. However, provisions of this bill that will divide large tracts of roadless National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.008 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1140 July 28, 2015 
Forest land give me great concern. While this 
legislation made important improvements over previous versions, motorized/mechanized cor-ridors including at Germania Creek divide one of the nation’s most pristine wilderness areas and reduces the habitat available to vulnerable wildlife. 
In order to provide stronger protection for 
pristine wilderness in Idaho and other parts of the Northern Rockies, I have introduced the Northern Rockies Ecosystem Protection Act (NREPA)—which would designate 23 million acres of roadless lands as permanent wilder-ness. This bill would protect vulnerable habi-tats, connect biological corridors, and restore habitats that have been damaged by road construction and clear cutting. 
I am pleased to see Congress turn its atten-
tion to the Northern Rockies, but hope that Members will recognize the significant short-falls of H.R. 1138. As it is considered in the Senate, this legislation should be amended to preserve one of the largest roadless wilder-ness areas in the lower 48 states, as well as grant protection to additional areas in the Northern Rockies identified in NREPA. 
f 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- 
OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today, the House voted on H.R. 675, the Vet-erans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-ment Act of 2015, a bipartisan bill that protects veterans’ benefits from inflation. I was un-avoidably detained; however, if I had been present, I would have voted in favor of this much needed legislation. 
Veterans and their families have sacrificed 
greatly for our country, and it is unacceptable that so many military families are struggling every day to make ends meet. These brave individuals should never be faced with the dif-ficult choice of either paying their bills or feed-ing their families. As the greatest country in the world, we have a moral obligation to fix this situation and provide veterans with the compensation and support they deserve. I be-lieve this bill is a strong first step in the right direction. 
Today, I applaud my colleagues in Con-
gress for voting in favor of struggling veterans, disabled former service members, and their families by supporting the Veterans’ Com-pensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015. Moreover, I ask my fellow Members of Congress to continue advocating for our vet-erans by encouraging companies to hire vets while also addressing the systemic problems within the VA healthcare system. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THOMAS GRIFFIN 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Thomas Griffin, a very intelligent, talented, and motivated member of my staff 
who transitions this week from my office to begin law school next month at the University of Oregon. 
Hailing from Central Oregon, Thomas was 
born at Mountain View Hospital where his mom was a pharmacist. He was raised on a third generation family farm between Culver and Lake Billy Chinook and became involved in the family grass and vegetable seed com-pany. 
Thomas graduated from Culver High 
School, where he was a state champion in football, student body president, and valedic-torian of his class of 54. He was also involved in the FFA, rising to be President of the state organization in March of his senior year in high school. 
He spent the next year on the road, visiting 
more than 50 FFA chapters and facilitating ag-ricultural leadership and awareness workshops for over 5,000 high school students. It was through FFA that Thomas made his first trip to Washington, D.C., and first met me during the state convention in La Grande in 2009. 
After his dedicated leadership as FFA state 
president, Thomas started college at Oregon State in 2009. He followed in the footsteps of his parents, both proud Beaver alums. He graduated in 2012 with a degree in environ-mental economics, policy and management, and a minor in agricultural business manage-ment. 
I originally hired Thomas as an intern in my 
office, and since then he has served in my of-fice as a Legislative Correspondent and cur-rently as a senior Legislative Assistant. When Thomas first applied for an internship, he was recommended to me by several top leaders in the agricultural community. Once he started, I quickly took note of Thomas’s dedication, work ethic, and passion for serving constituents in Oregon’s Second Congressional District. This led me to hire Thomas to work in my office full time after he graduated from Oregon State. In my office, he quickly acclimated to the multi- faceted job he was hired to tackle. 
Thomas has been assisting me primarily on 
issues related to federal agriculture, forestry, natural resources, and water policy. With 53 percent of the land in Oregon being owned and managed by the federal government, these issues are of critical importance to the economy and people in my congressional dis-trict. Thomas’s good work and assistance helped me pass federal forestry reform legisla-tion through the House of Representatives for the first time in nearly 10 years, in addition to several other pieces of legislation that were Oregon focused. 
As Thomas proved that he was capable of 
handling more responsibility in my office, he has since added other issue areas to his legis-lative portfolio including education, trade, en-ergy, and financial services. I have been im-pressed as Thomas has approached these new responsibilities with a can-do attitude, demonstrating a high level of commitment and integrity. Thomas has my complete confidence in his abilities, something I hear echoed from my Chief of Staff and others that he works with. 
Now, Thomas is headed to the University of 
Oregon for law school. He plans to focus on environmental and business law to help en-sure that our farmers, ranchers, and foresters can focus on what they do best: producing the best food, fiber, and fuel in the world. On a personal note, as a dedicated Oregon 
Duck myself, I am eager to see Thomas—a lifelong Oregon State Beaver—join our proud Duck community. 
Thomas will be sorely missed by me and 
my team, but we plan to stay in close touch and will enjoy seeing his successes down the road. With that, Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Thomas the best of luck as he heads West and ‘‘Go Ducks!’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 467, 468, and 469. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on each. 
f 
HONORING CARL JENSEN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the life of Dr. Carl Jen-sen, founder of Project Censored, who passed away on April 23, 2015. 
Mr. Jensen was born in Brooklyn, N.Y., in 
1929, the only child of Danish and Swedish immigrants. His family moved to Northern Cali-fornia at the outbreak of World War II, settling in Arcata in Humboldt County. Throughout his career and life, he lived many places including Europe, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara and eventually to Cotati in 1973 where he met his wife Sandra while teaching at Sonoma State University. Prior to his time in academia Jensen served his country as an Air Force intelligence officer in Puerto Rico during the Korean War. In addition to his wife, he is survived by two sons, Sherman Jackson of Crescent City and John Jensen of Lucerne, and two daughters, Lisa Jensen of Monterey and Pia Jensen. 
Mr. Jensen was a professor emeritus of So-
ciology and Communications Studies at Sonoma State University in California and au-thor of Censored—The News That Didn’t Make the News and Why (from 1976 to 1996), 20 Years of Censored News (1997), and Sto-ries That Changed America: Muckrakers of the 20th Century (2000). He founded Project Censored, the internationally recognized media research project, in 1976. 
Project Censored has remained a distin-
guishing aspect of the university’s curriculum for 39 years. Jensen’s pioneering program of hands-on student training in independent jour-nalism has now been adopted at dozens of college and university campuses across the country and around the world. And today, Project Censored is the longest running re-search project on news media censorship. A true and lasting achievement to be sure. 
His legacy is not fully encompassed by his 
published work. It also includes the hundreds of undergraduate students, at Sonoma State and in classrooms across the nation, who re-search news stories from the independent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.002 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1141 July 28, 2015 
press to determine if those stories were 
censored in the corporate media. Mr. Jensen has had a profound and lasting impact on hundreds of students in the 5th District and around the country. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time to 
acknowledge the life and accomplishments of Carl Jensen, a true leader, patriot, and de-fender of the first amendment. May he rest in peace. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT PITTENGER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
Votes #467, 468 and 469, I am not recorded because I was absent from the U.S. House of Representatives. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner. 
On Roll Call #467. Had I been present, I 
would have voted YEA. 
On Roll Call #468. Had I been present, I 
would have voted YEA. 
On Roll Call #469. Had I been present, I 
would have voted YEA. 
f 
COMMENDING MRS. GLENDA PITT-
MAN FOR HER INSTRUMENTAL ROLE IN THE COMPLETION OF ‘‘THE HUB,’’ THE NEW SENIOR CENTER IN COLVILLE, WASH-INGTON 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to congratulate Mrs. Glenda Pitt-man, of Colville, Washington for her tireless commitment to Eastern Washington. Starting in 2000, Mrs. Pittman began raising money for the ‘‘Meals on Wheels’’ program. Due to her widespread success feeding countless sen-iors, she offered her leadership to raise money for a new senior center. After years of fund-raising, Glenda helped raise the finds nec-essary to purchase the land and on March 7, 2015, ‘‘The Hub’’ opened its doors to the com-munity. 
Glenda and her husband, Glen moved to 
Colville, Washington nearly 50 years ago. As local business owners, the Pittman’s life-long dedication to their community began when they opened the first convenient store in Ori-ent, Washington. 
In March of 2006, Glenda began raising 
money for the new senior center. Glenda and her sister, JoAnna began hosting popular wine tasting galas. After an incredibly successful first gala, these events became an October tradition. Eventually, Glenda expanded her fund raising efforts to include an autumn pi-nochle tournament, bake sales, bingo, and a partnership with Schwan’s Food Company. 
Thanks to Mrs. Glenda Pittman’s leadership, 
the senior community center broke ground in April of 2014, with an open house and dedica-tion. Today, a brand new building valued at $1.1 million offers seniors meals, health and wellness activities, and recreational opportuni-ties, including games and activities. ‘‘The Hub’’ 
is also used for weddings, parties, and meet-ings. 
This effort took representatives from the en-
tire Colville community, including local founda-tions, businesses, and a community block grant. The community effort is highlighted by Glenda’s motto: We work as a ‘‘TEAM’’—To-gether Everyone Accomplishes More. 
So today, I rise to acknowledge and thank 
Mrs. Glenda Pittman for her years of dedica-tion and hard work. I also want to congratulate her—her leadership in Colville encouraged an entire community to band together, supporting Eastern Washington’s seniors. Due to Glenda’s genuine care and involvement in the community, Colville has a brand new building, ‘‘The Hub’’ that will unite their community to-gether for generations to come. 
f 
THE PRICE OF FETAL PARTS 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I would like to sub-
mit the following: 
[From the Washington Post, July 23, 2015] 
(By Charles Krauthammer) 
Planned Parenthood’s reaction to the re-
lease of a clandestinely recorded conversa-tion about the sale of fetal body parts was highly revealing. After protesting that it did nothing illegal, it apologized for the ‘‘tone’’ of one of its senior directors. 
Her remarks lacked compassion, admitted 
Planned Parenthood President Cecile Rich-ards. As if Dr. Deborah Nucatola’s cold and casual discussion over salad and wine of how the fetal body can be crushed with forceps in a way that leaves valuable organs intact for sale is some kind of personal idiosyncrasy. On the contrary, it’s precisely the kind of psychic numbing that occurs when dealing daily with industrial scale destruction of the growing, thriving, recognizably human fetus. 
This was again demonstrated by the re-
lease this week of a second video showing an-other official sporting that same tone, casual and even jocular, while haggling over the price of an embryonic liver. ‘‘If it’s still low, then we can bump it up,’’ she joked, ‘‘I want a Lamborghini.’’ 
Abortion critics have long warned that the 
problem is not only the obvious—what abor-tion does to the fetus—but also what it does to us. It’s the same kind of desensitization that has occurred in the Netherlands with another mass exercise in life termination: assisted suicide. It began as a way to prevent the suffering of the terminally ill. It has now become so widespread and wanton that one- fifth of all Dutch assisted-suicide patients are euthanized without their explicit con-sent. 
The Planned Parenthood revelations will 
have an effect. Perhaps not on government funding, given the Democratic Party’s un-wavering support and the president wishing it divine guidance. Planned Parenthood might escape legal jeopardy as well, given the loophole in the law banning the sale of fetal parts that permits compensation for ex-penses (shipping and handling, as it were). 
But these revelations will have an effect on 
public perceptions. Just as ultrasound al-tered feelings about abortion by showing the image, the movement, the vibrant living- ness of the developing infant in utero, so too, I suspect, will these Planned Parenthood rev-elations, by throwing open the door to the 
backroom of the clinic where that being is destroyed. 
It’s an ugly scene. The issue is less the sale 
of body parts than how they are obtained. The nightmare for abortion advocates is a spreading consciousness of how exactly a healthy fetus is turned into a mass of mar-ketable organs, how, in the words of a senior Planned Parenthood official, one might use ‘‘a less crunchy technique’’—crush the head, spare the organs—‘‘to get more whole speci-mens.’’ 
The effect on the public is a two-step 
change in sensibilities. First, when ultrasound reveals how human the living fetus appears. Next, when people learn, as in these inadvertent admissions, what killing the fetus involves. 
Remember. The advent of ultrasound has 
coincided with a remarkable phenomenon: Of all the major social issues, abortion is the only one that has not moved toward increas-ing liberalization. While the legalization of drugs, the redefinition of marriage and other assertions of individual autonomy have ad-vanced, some with astonishing rapidity, abortion attitudes have remained largely static. The country remains evenly split. 
What will be the reaction to these Planned 
Parenthood revelations? Right now, to try to deprive it of taxpayer money. Citizens re-pelled by its activities should not be made complicit in them. But why not shift the focus from the facilitator to the procedure itself? 
The House has already passed a bill ban-
ning abortion after 20 weeks. That’s far more fruitful than trying to ban it entirely be-cause, apart from the obvious constitutional issue, there is no national consensus about the moral status of the early embryo. There’s more agreement on the moral status of the later-term fetus. Indeed, about two- thirds of Americans would ban abortion after the first trimester. 
There is more division about the first tri-
mester because one’s views of the early em-bryo are largely a matter of belief, often re-ligious belief. One’s view of the later-term fetus, however, is more a matter of what might be called sympathetic identification— seeing the image of a recognizable human in-fant and, now, hearing from the experts ex-actly what it takes to ‘‘terminate’’ its exist-ence. 
The role of democratic politics is to turn 
such moral sensibilities into law. This is a moment to press relentlessly for a national ban on late-term abortions. 
f 
HONORING ADA’S LEGACY, 
BUILDING FOR ITS FUTURE 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this past 
weekend our nation celebrated the 25th anni-versary of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Since its enactment in 1990, this sem-inal law has not only benefited millions of per-sons with disabilities; it has benefited every American. Today, we are a stronger, more di-verse, fairer, and more accessible society thanks to the ADA. 
One part of our daily lives where the law’s 
achievements are particularly visible is in pub-lic transportation. Mr. Michael P. Melaniphy, president and CEO of the American Public Transportation Association (APTA), captured the hope and promise of the ADA in an essay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.006 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1142 July 28, 2015 
published this week in APTA’s Passenger 
Transport newsmagazine. I commend APTA and the public transportation community for 
their efforts to help us move closer to an America, as Mr. Melaniphy states, ‘‘With equal access for everyone, everywhere and at all times.’’ I submit his essay. 
(By Michael Melaniphy, APTA President & 
CEO) 
The history of public transportation is the 
story of American progress. Over decades of technological and social change, our indus-try has helped open frontiers, grow local economies, and improve the lives of millions. 
This month’s silver anniversary of the 
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) is a reminder of how mobility can change atti-tudes and break down barriers, both real and perceived. 
When Congress in 1990 guaranteed equal 
opportunity for persons with disabilities, seminal changes were already writing the prelude for a new century focused on freedom and equity. It was the year that Nelson Mandela was released from a South African prison. East and West Germany were united. Tim Berners-Lee gave us the World Wide Web. 
None of us could have foreseen what would 
emerge 25 years later, but we knew ADA would change the way our nation and our in-dustry thought about access to public trans-portation. 
It’s been said that without struggle there 
can be no progress, and the early days of im-plementing this new law were challenging. The country had just entered a recession and many cash-strapped public transit agencies were politically and fiscally encumbered. 
As a young general manager in Hamilton, 
Ohio, at the time, a dearth of resources for ADA compliance forced me to think dif-ferently about what equal access could mean for our community. We established a system- wide point deviation plan and introduced braille and tactile bus stop signs—both firsts in the nation that became models for other public transit organizations. The experience marked the beginning of a new personal pas-sion to provide equal access to all. 
To design practical solutions, we needed to 
gain a true understanding of the difficulties faced by persons with disabilities. While sit-ting in wheelchairs, our drivers, supervisors and I learned firsthand what it was like to navigate high floor buses and ride when in-correctly secured in a paratransit vehicle. We donned blackened goggles to experience a bus trip without visual clues to our location, and we discovered that ADA-mandated curb cuts didn’t necessarily mean a sidewalk would take us to a desired destination once we left the bus. All of this helped us become better problem solvers, better thought lead-ers and better citizens. 
Today the public transportation sector can 
take pride in how far we have come. Aspira-tion has replaced apprehension. From 1993 to 2013, the portion of accessible buses nearly doubled (from 51 percent to 99.8 percent), ac-cessible light rail and streetcar fleets more than doubled (from 41 percent to 88 percent) and accessible commuter and hybrid rail fleets almost tripled (from 32 percent to 87 percent). Additionally, all of America’s heavy rail and trolleybus fleets are 100 per-cent ADA compliant. Such advances in fixed route access have allowed tens of millions of people with disabilities to participate more fully in their communities. 
For individuals who are unable to use 
these modes of public transit, our systems provided more than 230 million demand-re-sponse trips in 2013—from a starting point of 68 million in 1990, the year ADA was enacted. 
The achievements of the past quarter cen-
tury should encourage us to address any re-maining challenges. Our industry must con-
tinue to build productive partnerships with the ADA community. Both physical and fi-nancial barriers persist for some legacy rail systems. And we need to find new, more cost- efficient ways to reach more people, espe-cially through our fixed-route services. 
In this 25th-anniversary year, there is good 
reason to be enthusiastic. Unlike 1990, to-day’s technological innovations appear al-most monthly, offering fresh ways to in-crease access and choice while reducing fear and complexity for new riders. 
Still, an industry is made great not just by 
its newest machines, but by how it lives its values and meets its customers’ greatest needs. Our work is about more than getting people to and from a workplace or doctor’s office; it’s about giving everyone the free-dom, independence, and access to achieve their greatest potential. 
ADA has taught our industry that progress 
is impossible without change. Our commit-ment to fulfilling the law’s spirit has become a core tenet of who we are and what we do. Like so many of the people whose stories are told—and who are pictured—in this special publication, I am proud to have played a role in ADA’s foundational years. 
Thanks to ADA and the efforts of public 
transportation leaders, we move closer every day to a world with equal access for every-one, everywhere and at all times. It’s a leg-acy that deserves to be celebrated. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF DR. 
GAYLE ALEXANDER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize an outstanding individual, Dr. Gayle Alexander, of Lexington, Kentucky. Dr. Alex-ander, a part of the greatest generation, served our nation in the United States Army. 
Alexander grew up with a love for airplanes. 
He got his pilot’s license at the age of fifteen, after just a few lessons. Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, Alexander volunteered and was accepted immediately into the Army Air Corps as a pilot. He was assigned to be a flight instructor, training other pilots for combat flying. 
After two years, Dr. Alexander finally got his 
wish to be a part of combat and was sent to England to fly B–24 and B–17 bombers that hit targets in Nazi-held Europe on a daily basis. He named his plane the ‘‘Kentucky Kloudhopper’’. Alexander spent much of the time flying a ‘‘Mickey ship’’ equipped with spe-cial radar and led other bombers to their tar-gets. On one mission, he and his crew barely made it back to England with 308 holes in their plane, two engines out, and part of the tail missing. 
On his nineteenth mission, Dr. Alexander 
led one of the biggest raids of the war, with 1,200 bombers attacking a German oil plant. His plane was blown to bits just moments after dropping its bombs. Alexander struggled to deploy his parachute, reached the ground, and was immediately captured. He spent seven long months in German POW camps, where he received virtually no medical care and en-dured bedbugs, starvation, bitter cold, and long distance marches. He and his fellow POWs were finally liberated on April 29, 1945 by General George Patton and his troops. Dr. Alexander returned home on a hospital ship, 
weighing barely 113 pounds. 
Dr. Alexander eventually recovered. He be-
came a veterinarian and had a long and suc-cessful career in Lexington, Kentucky. Dr. Alexander has shared a video of his war memories, his uniform, and other memorabilia with the American Air Museum in Duxford, England. 
The bravery of Dr. Alexander and his fellow 
men and women of the United States Army is heroic. Because of his courage and the cour-age of individuals from all across Kentucky and our great nation, our freedoms have been preserved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding Amer-ican, a patriot, and a hero to us all. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB BREWSAUGH 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
remember the life of one of the best men I’ve ever known, Bob Brewsaugh who passed away over the weekend at the age of 76. 
The good book says in 2 Corinthians 9:6, 
‘‘He who sows sparingly will also reap spar-ingly, and he who sows bountifully will also reap bountifully.’’ 
Bob Brewsaugh lived this scripture. Bob was a lifelong farmer, and a loving fa-
ther and grandfather. 
But, most importantly, Bob Brewsaugh was 
a man of God. 
He worked hard. He treated everyone with 
kindness and respect. 
Whether as a Sunday school teacher at 
Sandusky United Methodist Church or as a County Councilman or in his daily work on the 
farm . . . Bob tilled the land. 
He sowed bountifully. And as a con-
sequence, he reaped a blessed and bountiful life. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Bob’s wife 
Carolyn, his two kids Scott and Mandy, my brother Richie who is Bob’s son-in-law, and Scott’s wife Sarah. 
I also pray for Bob’s grandchildren, including 
my nephews Connor, Trey and Reid, and the entire extended Brewsaugh family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. DUNCAN SHAW, 
CHAIRMAN EMERITUS, DEVIL PUPS 
HON. JOSEPH J. HECK 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I come 
to the floor today to honor the life of Mr. Dun-can E. Shaw, a Korean War veteran and Chairman Emeritus of Devil Pups. 
For more than 60 years, Duncan Shaw 
dedicated his time and talents to Devil Pups, a program started by his father in 1953 to pro-vide teenagers with a life-changing opportunity to become better citizens and develop men-tally, as well as physically, through Marine-in-spired training. 
Like his father, Duncan Shaw enlisted in the 
Marine Corps where he was assigned to Avia-tion and achieved the rank of Captain. He de-ployed to the combat zone during the Korean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.010 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1143 July 28, 2015 
War and was proud to be given the oppor-
tunity to serve his country. 
Following his service, Mr. Shaw got into the 
food business, eventually rising to the position of National Product Manager for the Carnation Company. 
And while he was certainly successful in the 
business world, he will long be remembered for the lasting impact he had on the more than 50,000 teenagers who have completed the Devil Pup program to date. 
As President, Chairman, and Chairman 
Emeritus of Devil Pups, Duncan Shaw was most known for his endless energy in pro-moting the program and giving thousands of hours of his own time to ensure the program’s continued success. 
Many Devil Pup graduates relate being re-
cipients of a famous ‘‘Duncan One-on-One,’’ a conversation designed to guide and inspire an aspiring Pup. 
Mr. Shaw’s daughter Susan says that one of 
the most valuable lessons he taught was to be on time and always give 110%. Duncan Shaw lived that lesson throughout his life but most especially through his commitment to the Devil Pups. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
467 through 469 my flight from Cleveland, OH to Washington (DCA) was delayed. I landed in Washington at 7:00 p.m. versus scheduled landing at 4:30 p.m. If I was present I would have voted yes on all three. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and missed roll call votes 467, 468, and 469. If present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 467, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 468, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 469. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DC CENTRAL 
KITCHEN 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate DC Central Kitchen on the graduation of its 100th Culinary Job Training program. This is a remarkable milestone and I am truly inspired by the ‘‘Class of 100.’’ 
Since its inception 26 years ago, DC Central 
Kitchen has provided a path for nearly 1,500 people to rejoin their community, reunite with their families, contribute to our economy, and break the intergenerational cycle of hunger, homelessness, prison, and poverty. DC Cen-tral Kitchen doesn’t just feed people who are 
hungry; it gives them the skills to feed them-selves and their families, building lives of self- sufficiency. 
The 14-week Culinary Job Training program 
prepares unemployed, underemployed, pre-viously incarcerated persons, and homeless adults for careers in the food service industry. Upon completion of a month-long internship, the students are provided with job readiness skills and job placement assistance. 
Graduates of the Culinary Job Training pro-
gram have a 90% job placement rate, are 90% less likely to return to prison than other ex-offenders nationwide, and contribute up-wards of $225,000 in payroll taxes back into the community each year. 
But these impressive statistics are just one 
part of the Culinary Job Training program’s success story. The program gives so much more to its students. It gives them the support they need to discover their own confidence and rebuild their lives. 
In just the few weeks since graduation, 
more than half of the class has secured jobs, with the remaining graduates in the final stages of completing interviews and accepting jobs. That is extraordinary. 
Mr. Speaker, I could not be prouder of the 
Class of 100. I wish them all the best in their culinary careers and in life. I can’t wait to try their food at local restaurants. 
And I offer my most heartfelt congratulations 
to founder Robert Egger, CEO Michael Curtin, and the wonderful staff and volunteers at DC Central Kitchen. You are an incredible exam-ple of what real leadership and innovative thinking looks like to end poverty in this coun-try. Here’s to another 100 classes of inspiring graduates. 
f 
PRIVATE CALENDAR 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, my col-
leagues, F. J AMES SENSENBRENNER , T REY 
GOWDY , JERROLD NADLER , JOSE´SERRANO , 
KAREN BASSand I would like to take this op-
portunity to set forth some of the history be-hind, as well as describe the workings of the Private Calendar. I hope this might be of some value to the Members of this House, espe-cially our newer colleagues. 
Of the four House Calendars, the Private 
Calendar is the one to which all Private Bills are referred. Private Bills deal with specific in-dividuals, corporations, institutions, and so forth, as distinguished from public bills which deal with classes only. 
Of the 108 laws approved by the First Con-
gress, only 5 were Private Laws. But their number quickly grew as the wars of the new Republic produced veterans and veterans’ widows seeking pensions and as more citi-zens came to have private claims and de-mands against the Federal Government. The 49th Congress, 1885 to 1887, the first Con-gress for which complete workload and output data is available, passed 1,031 Private Laws, as compared with 434 Public Laws. At the turn of the century the 56th Congress passed 1,498 Private Laws and 443 Public Laws—a better than three to one ratio. Private bills were referred to the Committee 
on the Whole House as far back as 1820, and a calendar of private bills was established in 1839. These bills were initially brought before the House by special orders, but the 62nd Congress changed this procedure by its rule XXIV, clause six which provided for the con-sideration of the Private Calendar in lieu of special orders. This rule was amended in 1932, and then adopted in its present form on March 27, 1935. 
A determined effort to reduce the private bill 
workload of the Congress was made in the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946. Sec-tion 131 of that Act banned the introduction or the consideration of four types of private bills; first, those authorizing the payment of money for pensions; second, for personal or property damages for which suit may be brought under the Federal tort claims procedure; third, those authorizing the construction of a bridge across a navigable stream, or fourth, those author-izing the correction of a military or naval record. 
This ban afforded some temporary relief but 
was soon offset by the rising postwar and Cold War flood for private immigration bills. The 82nd Congress passed 1,023 Private Laws, as compared with 594 Public Laws. The 88th Congress passed 360 Private Laws com-pared with 666 Public Laws. 
Under rule XV, clause five, the Private Cal-
endar is called the first and third Tuesday of each month. The consideration of the Private Calendar bills on the first Tuesday is manda-tory unless dispensed with by a two-thirds vote. On the third Tuesday, however, recogni-tion for consideration of the Private Calendar is within the discretion of the Speaker and does not take precedence over other privi-leged business in the House. 
On the first Tuesday of each month, after 
disposition of business on the Speaker’s table for reference only, the Speaker directs the call of the Private Calendar. If a bill called is ob-jected to by two or more Members, it is auto-matically recommitted to the committee report-ing it. No reservation of objection is enter-tained Bills un-objected to are considered in the House in the Committee of the Whole. 
On the third Tuesday of each month, the 
same procedure is followed with the exception that omnibus bills embodying bills previously rejected have preference and are in order re-gardless of objection. 
Such omnibus bills are read by paragraph, 
and no amendments are entertained except to strike out or reduce amounts or provide limita-tions. Matters so stricken out shall not be again included in an omnibus bill during that session. Debate is limited to motions allowable under the rule and does not admit motions to strike out the last word or reservation of objec-tions. The rules prohibit the Speaker from rec-ognizing Members for statements or for re-quests for unanimous consent for debate. Om-nibus bills so passed are thereupon resolved in their component bills, which are engrossed separately and disposed of as if passed sepa-rately. 
Private Calendar bills unfinished on one 
Tuesday go over to the next Tuesday on which such bills are in order and are consid-ered before the call of bills subsequently on 
the calendar. Omnibus bills follow the same procedure and go over to the next Tuesday on which that class of business is again in order. 
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to describe to 
the newer Members the Official Objectors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.013 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1144 July 28, 2015 
Committee, the system the House has estab-
lished to deal with Private Bills. 
The Majority Leader and the Minority Leader 
each appoint three Members to serve as Pri-vate Calendar Objectors during a Congress. The Objectors are on the Floor ready to object to any Private Bill which they feel is objection-able for any reason. Should any Member have a doubt or question about a particular Private Bill, he or she can get assistance from objec-tors, their staff, or from the Member who intro-duced the bill. 
The amount of private bills and the desire to 
have an opportunity to study them carefully before they are called on the Private Calendar has caused the six objectors to agree upon certain ground rules. The rules limit consider-ation of bills placed on the Private Calendar only shortly before the calendar is called. With this agreement of July 28, 2015 the members of the Private Calendar Objectors Committee have agreed that during the 114th Congress, they will consider only those bills which have been on the Private Calendar for a period of seven (7) legislative days, excluding the day the bill is placed on the calendar and the day the calendar is called. Reports must be avail-able to the Objectors for three (3) calendar days. It is agreed that the majority and minor-ity clerks will not submit to the Objectors any bills which do not meet this requirement. 
This policy will be strictly enforced except 
during the closing days of a session when the House rules are suspended. 
This agreement was entered into by: The 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER ), the gentleman from South Carolina 
(Mr. G OWDY ), the gentleman from New York 
(Mr. N ADLER ), the gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. B ASS), and the gentleman from New York 
(Mr. S ERRANO ). 
I feel confident that I speak for my col-
leagues when I request all Members to enable us to give the necessary advance consider-ations to private bills by not asking that we de-part from the above agreement unless abso-lutely necessary. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE . 
F. J AMES SENSENBRENNER . 
TREYGOWDY . 
JERROLD NADLER . 
KAREN BASS. 
JOSE´SERRANO . 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF SHAW-
NEE, KANSAS FOR RECEIVING THE ‘‘2015 EMPLOYER SUPPORT FREEDOM AWARD’’ 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the City of Shawnee, Kansas for re-ceiving the ‘‘2015 Employer Support Freedom Award.’’ This distinction is the highest recogni-tion given to employers by the United States Department of Defense and the nomination process is open to all Guard and Reserve per-sonnel across the entire country. This year, there were nearly 3,000 employers that ap-plied for the award, of which 15 were selected. 
The City of Shawnee employs service mem-
bers from the Army National Guard, Army Re-serves, and the Kansas Air National Guard. 
As these heroes well know, the city goes above and beyond federal requirements in its support of employees on military leave. For example, the city offers a service member re-integration program to ease employees back into the workplace after deployment; assists family members with chores during deploy-ment; sends care packages to service mem-bers; recognizes service members publicly during city council meetings when they return home; and also pays the entire premium for benefits such as medical, dental and vision while the employee is serving abroad. Based on these same merits, Shawnee has also re-ceived other awards from the Department of Defense, including the ‘‘Above and Beyond Award’’ in 2014 and the ‘‘Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve Patriot Award’’ in 2005. 
All of these prestigious distinctions are a 
testament to the hospitality and level of dedi-cation to our men and women in uniform and their families in Shawnee and throughout the entire Third District of Kansas. The 2015 Free-dom Award will be presented on August 21st at the Pentagon by the Secretary of Defense. Thank you, Shawnee for your dedication to our troops and their service and sacrifice. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ASYA GONZALEZ 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Asya Gonzalez of Centennial, Colo-rado. Asya is the winner of the 2015 Dan Dan-ner Leadership Award at the National Federa-tion of Independent Businesses (NFIB) Young Entrepreneur Awards held July 23, 2015 in Washington, DC. 
Asya is an exceptional young woman who 
started her own business, Stinky Feet Gurlz, at the age of fourteen. Stinky Feet Gurlz is a 1940’s inspired apparel and accessories col-lection aimed at teen-aged girls and young women. She donates a portion of every sale to her charity ‘‘She is Worth It,’’ which brings preventative awareness and education of child 
sex trafficking. Aside from running a success-ful business and charity, Asya is a radio per-sonality and preferred speaker for International Youth. As the recipient of the 2015 Dan Dan-ner Leadership Award, Asya received a $15,000 Young Entrepreneur Foundation col-lege scholarship, which she will be able to use as she enters her first year of college this fall. 
Asya’s entrepreneurial spirit and passion is 
truly inspiring to see at such a young age. I take great pride representing Asya Gonzalez in Colorado’s Sixth Congressional District and I join her family, friends, and colleagues in congratulating her on this achievement. I wish her the very best of luck in all of her future en-deavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PETER L. FISCHL 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Peter L. Fischl of Ontario, California for his life-long work dedicated to remembering 
the Holocaust. Having survived the heinous acts of violence and persecution brought about by Nazi Germany, Mr. Fischl turned the hardships he witnessed as a child into poetry that helps encapsulate the experience and honor the lives of the many who perished dur-ing this harrowing time. 
Mr. Fischl was a young boy during the onset 
of World War II. The German invasion of Hun-gary in 1944 forced him to separate from his family and take refuge inside of a Budapest Catholic school. While in hiding, Mr. Fischl’s father, a successful businessman prior to the war, was discovered by the Gestapo and dis-appeared. Mr. Fischl survived the Holocaust along with his mother and sister, and later re-located to the United States in 1957. 
Years later, Mr. Fischl wrote a poem upon 
finding a picture in Life magazine of a young Polish child interned in the Warsaw concentra-tion camp. ‘‘To the Little Polish Boy Standing with His Arms Up’’ is a poignant recollection of the horrors faced by many within the Jewish community during the Holocaust. It showcases the terror that many helpless civilians endured while also expressing a sense of frustration at 
the lack of intervention by the international community. Mr. Fischl’s work forces us to con-front the history of state-sponsored mass killings in hopes of encouraging us to work to-gether to prevent future atrocities. 
Mr. Speaker, it has come to my attention 
that later this month, Mr. Fischl will be a spe-cial guest attending the International Quilt Study Center & Museum at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Upon his arrival, a quilt square bearing his poem will be entered into the museum’s collection. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Mr. Fischl for his honors and thank him for his contributions to remem-bering this important period of history. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SANTANA SMITH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Santana Smith of Madison County, Iowa, for qualifying for the National Junior High Rodeo Finals in ribbon roping and goat tying. 
Each summer, approximately 1,000 youth 
competitors from across the country qualify to compete for scholarships and prizes at the National Junior High Rodeo Finals. I commend Santana for her hard work and dedication to achieving her goals. She is a phenomenal young role model for others who are aspiring to compete in this prestigious national event. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rep-
resent Iowans like Santana in the United States House of Representatives. I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating Santana on a job well done, and wishing her nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.017 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1145 July 28, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on July 27, 2015, 
my flight was delayed and I was unable to vote on S. 1482, H.R. 1656 and H.R. 2770. 
If present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on S. 
1482, ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 1656, and ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 2770. 
f 
HONORING BARBARA DUBLER 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Barbara Dubler of Boynton Beach and to congratulate her on her retire-ment after forty years of dedicated service to the children of Florida. 
A Bronx native, Mrs. Dubler moved to South 
Florida in 1960 and later became an educator after graduating from the University of Florida. Since then, she has worked tirelessly to in-spire and educate her students. After nearly twenty years teaching in the Dade County Public Schools, she moved in 1993 to Palm Beach County to continue her work as a teacher, most recently at the Woodlands Mid-dle School in Lake Worth, Florida. During her tenure at Woodlands, she primarily taught sixth and eighth grade English, and consist-ently produced some of the best-performing students in the county. Over the course of her career, Mrs. Dubler also served as the Chair of the English Department and ran a high school drama program, which she considers one of her fondest memories. Barbara’s efforts have not gone unnoticed. In 2000, Mrs. Dubler was the recipient of the Social Studies Teach-er of the Year Award for Palm Beach County. 
Dedicated teachers like Mrs. Dubler are the 
backbone of the American education system. Throughout her career, she worked tirelessly to foster a positive class environment, while keeping her students engaged and eager to learn both inside and outside of the class-room. She truly serves as a model for other educators to emulate. 
As a loving mother and wife, Barbara is still 
happily married after twenty-nine years to her husband Dr. Gary Dubler, and they have one son. In her free time, Barbara enjoys reading, traveling, and going to the theater. 
In honor of her tireless work to educate our 
children, I am proud to recognize Barbara Dubler and to thank her for her forty years of service to our children. I wish her good health and a well-earned retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL 
ANDREW COOLEY 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today I stand 
in recognition of the late Major General An-drew Cooley; a dear friend and tremendous 
patriot who dedicated a life of service to this great nation. A true leader and a combat vet-eran, he faithfully served 38 years leading from the front and accomplishing much along the way. His career was marked by several tours at home and abroad, including the com-mand of an Army Division, and was witness to combat in Vietnam, Korea, Lebanon, Somalia, Bosnia, Kosovo, and Angola. 
In 1951 General Cooley enlisted in the army 
at the age of 17, and went on to receive his commission from Officer Candidate School at Ft. Benning in 1955. Over the course of his career he served in various staff and com-mand positions including the principal rep-resentative of the Department of Defense to the Lebanese-Israeli negotiations and Com-manding General of the 24th Infantry Division. Upon retirement from the Army, General Cooley was instrumental in instituting a for-ward focused logistical infrastructure that re-mains instrumental to our nation’s defense. 
Without a doubt General Cooley’s many ac-
complishments should be honored. However, his accomplishments could only be realized with the support and commitment of his wife of 57 years, Joan and their two children, Cath-leen and Caroline. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today humbled by 
the many accomplishments of a true patriot and it is my great honor to recognize Major General Andrew Cooley for his friendship and his service to our great nation. 
f 
WE CARE ACT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Grace, Sharon, and Eric Li. To-gether, these siblings founded a group called We Care Act and have helped countless peo-ple around the world. 
We Care Act began in response to the 2008 
earthquake in the Sichuan Province of China. Since its founding, We Care Act has distrib-uted goods to over 30,000 people while involv-ing 30,000 donors and volunteers. Most re-cently, the group gathered donations for fami-lies affected by the Houston Memorial Day floods and the victims of the Nepal earth-quake. They’ve donated everything from laptops to letters of condolences to countries from Nicaragua to Japan. Sharon, a recent Dawson High School graduate, is headed to Yale in the fall with a $10,000 scholarship from Kohl’s and a $20,000 from the Coca-Cola Foundation. We are proud of how much these siblings have helped people all over the world. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, thank you to the Li siblings and We Care Act for all they do to help people at home and around the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAKENNA LILLY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Makenna Lilly of Bridgewater, Iowa, for being chosen as 
a charter member for the 4–H Shooting Sports Ambassador Team. Makenna is the daughter of Rich and Brooke Lilly of Adair, Iowa. 
Charter membership is given to youth who 
demonstrate exceptional leadership and com-munication skills. Through the program, am-bassadors develop their skills in leadership, public presentation, citizenship, community service, public relations, and team building. The character and work ethic Makenna has displayed to achieve charter membership is a true example of Iowa spirit, and I commend her for her hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to represent 
future leaders of America like Makenna in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on this out-standing achievement and wish her nothing but continued success moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALYSSA BARTON 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, today I am grateful to welcome Alyssa Evelyn Barton on her visit to the U.S. Capitol. Alyssa will attend Lemon Road Elementary School in Falls Church, Virginia this fall. 
A model student, Alyssa is frequently 
named to the Honor Roll. She is active in mar-tial arts and dance, interested in politics, and her future career aspirations include being an attorney. I congratulate her parents, Darlene and Jacob Barton, on raising an impressive young lady, and I am confident in her future success. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,893,254,765.19. We’ve 
added $7,525,016,205,852.11 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE COUNTRY 
DAY SCHOOL OF THE SACRED HEART 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
mark the 150th Anniversary of the Country Day School of the Sacred Heart in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.022 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1146 July 28, 2015 
Today, the school remains committed to the 
philosophy envisioned by St. Madeline Sophie Barat, founder of the Sacred Heart school net-work, to provide young women with a chal-lenging education, develop their faith, and pro-mote a desire to help others. 
The Country Day School of the Sacred 
Heart has a long tradition of fostering the growth of young women into scholars and leaders. By offering a strong liberal arts pro-gram, the Country Day School of the Sacred Heart has helped many young women reach their personal and scholastic potential. Stu-dents are able to develop academically, per-sonally, spiritually and socially through the school’s well-rounded curriculum. 
I appreciate the dedication of the staff mem-
bers who work around the clock to educate and guide the students. Their persistence has empowered generations of young women, helping them attain the skills and character to become the leaders that St. Madeline Sophie Barat imagined. 
Mr. Speaker, the Country Day School of the 
Sacred Heart has been changing the lives of young women for the past 150 years. I con-gratulate the school and look forward to see-ing the excellent work it will continue to do in the years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY DOOLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Emily Dooley of Madison County, Iowa, for qualifying for the National Junior High Rodeo Finals in the pole bending event. 
Each summer, approximately 1,000 youth 
competitors from across the country qualify to compete for scholarships and prizes at the National Junior High Rodeo Finals. I commend Emily for her hard work and dedication to achieving her goals. She is a phenomenal young role model for others who are aspiring to compete in this prestigious national event. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rep-
resent Iowans like Emily in the United States House of Representatives. I invite my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Emily on a job well done, and wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. RINIA SHELBY- 
CROOMS 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, if there are 
three core qualities that make an exemplary public servant, they might be the following: in-tegrity, energy, and compassion. Mrs. Rinia Shelby-Crooms, who is leaving my office after 13 years of extraordinary service, uniquely embodies each of these qualities. 
Rinia is a woman of undeniable integrity. 
Her commitment to her family, her faith, and her focus on building a better world animate her to excellence in the workplace and be-yond. Whether it’s conducting legislative re-
search to protect America’s endangered hon-eybees or juggling a dozen or more urgent scheduling requests over the course of an afternoon, Rinia has always emphasized qual-ity, honesty, and care in each and every one of her undertakings. 
Rinia also possesses incredible energy. 
While caring for two precious young boys, she has written legislation, organized Congres-sional briefings, counseled and cared for her fellow staffers, managed my often hectic schedule, and ensured my timeliness in arriv-ing at speaking engagements and on air-planes. She maintains an upbeat attitude and focused attention—even when called upon for complicated logistical requests in the wee hours of the morning. 
Rinia is driven by deep compassion. 
Through her legislative portfolio, she has worked toward achieving progress in the areas most aligned with her life’s mission: ensuring that foster children have access to safe and loving homes, guaranteeing Americans high- quality food, and defending the rights of Moth-er Nature. Rinia embodies compassion both big and small. She’s not only committed to large-scale change in order to support and protect people and the planet, but also com-mitted to showing the utmost care and kind-ness to the people she encounters each and every day. 
I am indebted to Rinia for her selfless serv-
ice. But I am also indebted to her husband, Jeremiah, and her two young sons, Jayden and Jayee, who have also made important sacrifices as Rinia spent long hours, late nights, and weekends in service of our mis-sion of advancing the causes of jobs, justice, and peace. 
There is one consolation for me as I bid 
farewell to Rinia: This is only the beginning of her contributions to Southeast Michigan and to our nation. She and her family are returning to the Detroit Metropolitan Area, so that she can pursue work as a consultant focused on bring-ing new economic opportunity to our region. 
Mr. Speaker, I salute Mrs. Rinia Shelby- 
Crooms for her 13 years of selfless service. I am deeply moved by her example of integrity, energy, and compassion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELI KASAP 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Eli Kasap of the Earlham High School Track Team for winning the class lA Shuttle Hurdle State Championship. 
Eli, along with his three teammates, finished 
the shuttle hurdle race in first place with a time of 1:00.23 at the 2015 Iowa lA State Track and Field Championships. Eli has dedi-cated his time and talents to achieving a sin-gle goal and I commend him for his hard work and determination. This group of young men came together to achieve great success. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Eli and his 
teammates demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join 
me in congratulating Eli on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess in all his future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MR. GARY 
EASTERLING 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Gary L. Easterling on his recent election to the Board of Directors at the National Association of Federal Credit Unions (NAFCU). 
Since 2007, Mr. Easterling has served as 
the President and CEO of United Federal Credit Union headquartered in St. Joseph, Michigan. Under his leadership, the credit union has seen its assets more than double. United Federal Credit Union has over $1.8 bil-lion in assets, serves over 130,000 members, and employs more than 900 people. With more than 32 years of credit union experience, Mr. Easterling will be an incredible federal ad-vocate for credit unions. 
Mr. Easterling served previously as CEO of 
Century Credit Union in Cleveland, Ohio, and with Wright Patt Credit Union in Fairborn, Ohio, where he held leadership roles in almost every functional area. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from Capital University in Columbus, Ohio, as well as a Master’s in Business Administration from Indiana Wesleyan University in Marion, Indi-ana. He currently serves on NAFCU’s Legisla-tive Committee. Mr. Easterling’s deep knowl-edge of legislative and regulatory issues fac-ing credit unions will give him tremendous ex-pertise on the NAFCU Board, especially as the country continues to recover from the fi-nancial crisis. 
I wish Mr. Easterling the best of luck in his 
new role on the NAFCU Board and I look for-ward to working with him in this capacity. I ask that my colleagues join me today in congratu-lating him on this special achievement. 
f 
WELCOME TO SCENIC SUGAR 
LAND, TEXAS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas for earning a Gold Level Scenic City Certification. Sugar Land residents know full well what a beautiful city we live in, and we are proud that everybody across Texas agrees. 
Scenic Texas, a non-profit organization, 
awarded the Gold Level Scenic City Certifi-cation to Sugar Land for the next five years. The organization took note of our City’s beau-tiful landscapes, tree-lined streets, and dedica-tion to cultural arts. This certification further demonstrates Sugar Land’s commitment to im-proving the quality of life for its residents. We are extremely proud of our growing city and are proud to call it home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.029 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1147 July 28, 2015 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second District of 
Texas, congratulations to the City of Sugar Land. Thank you for keeping our little piece of Texas beautiful. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN 
VANDERHEIDEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Brian Vanderheiden of the Earlham High School Track Team for winning the class 1A Shuttle Hurdle State Championship. 
Brian, along with his three teammates, fin-
ished the shuttle hurdle race in first place with a time of 1:00.23 at the 2015 Iowa 1A State Track and Field Championships. Brian has dedicated his time and talents to achieving a single goal and I commend him for his hard work and determination. This group of young men came together to achieve great success. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Brian and 
his teammates demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess in all his future endeavors. 
f 
THE STATE-BASED UNIVERSAL 
HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2015 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce legislation that will give states the tools they need to guarantee the health secu-rity of their citizens. The State-Based Uni-versal Health Care Act of 2015 establishes a new procedure through which states may apply for a waiver of federal law in order to design and implement single-payer health care systems. This will allow states to achieve uni-versal coverage and control costs by removing greed and inefficiency from the system. 
One of the many achievements of the Af-
fordable Care Act is its provisions that grant states the authority to innovate in their health care systems. Under Section 1332 of the law, a state may apply for a State Innovation Waiv-er that will provide it with control of federal dollars that otherwise would have been spent on premium tax credits and cost-sharing re-ductions for its residents. Through this waiver, a state may design a system to cover its resi-dents, so long as benefits are at least as com-prehensive and affordable as those offered by Qualified Health Plans available on the Ex-changes. 
However, even with this flexibility, numerous 
barriers limit states’ ability to design true sin-gle-payer systems. Existing waivers are nar-row in scope, requiring states to seek out im-perfect and convoluted solutions to circumvent federal limitations. A sweeping preemption provision in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) denies states authority to 
regulate employer-sponsored health plans. And, due to the complexities of our existing federal health programs, it is essentially im-possible for a state to design a single benefit package that can be administered simply and efficiently on behalf of all of its residents. 
The State-Based Universal Health Care Act 
removes these barriers. It builds upon the ACA’s State Innovation Waiver by offering states new tools that will allow them to truly in-novate in health care. Under this legislation, a state may apply for a Universal Health Care Waiver that will grant it authority over federal health care dollars that otherwise would have been spent on the state’s residents. To the ex-tent necessary to design a universal system, a state may waive provisions of federal law re-lating to the following: 
The rules governing premium tax credits 
and cost-sharing reductions, as provided for in existing waiver authority under Section 1332 of the ACA. 
Provisions necessary for states to pool 
funds that otherwise would be spent on behalf of residents enrolled in Medicare, Medicaid, 
CHIP, TRICARE, and the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program. 
ERISA’s preemption clause, which currently 
forbids states from enacting legislation relating to employee health benefit programs. 
Any state seeking a Universal Health Care 
Waiver must design a system that covers sub-stantially all of its residents. The benefits that each citizen receives must be at least as com-prehensive and no less affordable than what would have been provided under any federal health programs for which its residents other-wise would have been eligible. Once enacted, the state plan must be publicly administered, and it may not add to the federal deficit. 
The Affordable Care Act was a landmark 
achievement and a strong first step toward achieving health security in this country. How-ever, we still have a tremendous amount of work left to do. The United States spends by far the most per capita on health care, yet we fail to achieve superior outcomes or even guarantee coverage as a basic human right. Insurance companies are a powerful force in our economy, enjoying billions in profits and growing power in the marketplace. Meanwhile, hospitals are consolidating at an astonishing rate, raising new questions about the quality of patient care and the future of medicine. What’s more, we have failed to make mean-ingful efforts to combat the skyrocketing costs of prescription drugs, threatening patient ac-cess to treatments and the financial sustain-ability of the entire system. 
As we explore ways to build upon the suc-
cesses of the ACA, it is critical that we look for creative solutions to the challenges that still exist. Granting states tools to design single- payer systems will help spur necessary inno-vation, achieve universal coverage, and con-trol costs. It is time to take this next step as we continue to move forward in our historic ef-fort to guarantee the health security of every American. IN HONOR OF MR. JAMES A. 
M
CMULLEN, SR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart that I rise today to pay trib-ute to a truly outstanding citizen of our com-munity, Mr. James Allen McMullen, Sr. Mr. McMullen passed away on Sunday, July 26, 2015 at the age of 75 in his home in Colum-bus, Georgia. Funeral services will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Friday, July 31, 2015 at Beallwood Baptist Church in Columbus, Geor-gia. 
A Georgia man through and through, Mr. 
McMullen was born in Columbus, Georgia and after graduating from Jordan Vocational High School in Columbus in 1958, he attended Georgia Southwestern College, now Georgia Southwestern State University, in Americus, Georgia. Following his graduation from col-lege, he joined the United States Army and served in Germany. 
Upon his return from Europe in 1961, Mr. 
McMullen began his career in funeral service, graduating from the Dallas Institute of Mor-tuary Science in Dallas, Texas in 1964. He worked locally for many years and in 1987, he and his family established the McMullen Fu-neral Home in Columbus. 
For more than 50 years, Mr. McMullen 
served thousands of families in the Columbus area through the difficult time that follows the loss of a loved one. In order to provide the best service he could, Mr. McMullen was a member of Selected Independent Funeral Homes, the Georgia Funeral Directors Asso-ciation, and the National Funeral Directors As-sociation. Despite battling cancer for the last three years of his life, Mr. McMullen continued to work at the funeral home until a month be-fore his passing. To him, this was not just his job, but an opportunity to serve others at a time when they need it the most. 
A member of the Beallwood Baptist Church 
and the Lions Club for over 40 years, Mr. McMullen proved himself a leader in the com-munity as well as in the workplace. He was named Lion of the Year in 1973, District 18– E governor of Lions International in 1976, and Chairman of the Georgia Sight Conservation Committee. His leadership extended to serving on the Board of Directors of the Georgia Lions Eye Bank and what is now known as the Chick-Fil-A Bowl. He also served for more than 36 years as chairman for the educational trip to Washington sponsored by the Lions Club. This annual trip has carried more than 40,000 fifth- and sixth-graders to the nation’s capital, demonstrating once more the grand impact Mr. McMullen had on countless lives. 
Dr. Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘I’ve learned 
that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.’’ The people of Columbus will never forget how Mr. McMullen heartened the brokenhearted and consoled the inconsolable. We are once again confronted with the loss of a loved and re-spected leader in this community, but we are comforted by his great legacy of service, which will endure for years to come. 
Mr. McMullen achieved much in his life but 
none of this would have been possible without 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.034 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1148 July 28, 2015 
the love and support of his wife of 52 years, 
Cecille; his children, Allen and Lisa; and his cherished grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me, my wife Vivian, and the Columbus com-munity in honoring Mr. James A. McMullen, Sr. His leadership, wisdom, and skill aided thousands of people during the most difficult of times. Mr. McMullen was a truly outstanding individual and a blessing to the Columbus community. We extend our deepest sym-pathies to his family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time and we pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEREK HENSLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Derek Hensley of the Earlham High School Track Team for winning the class 1A Shuttle Hurdle State Championship. 
Derek, along with his three teammates, fin-
ished the shuttle hurdle race in first place with a time of 1:00.23 at the 2015 Iowa lA State Track and Field Championships. Derek has dedicated his time and talents to achieving a single goal and I commend him for his hard work and determination. This group of young men came together to achieve great success. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Derek and 
his teammates demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Derek on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess in all his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY 
LIFE OF WAYNE TOWNSEND 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor a beloved member of the Indiana community, Wayne Townsend. He was a well-known member of the Indiana leg-islature, an esteemed farmer, and a vigorous supporter of Purdue University. Sadly, Wayne passed away at the age of 89 on July 3, 2015. He will be dearly missed by the Hoosier com-munity, but we will remember him forever through the spectacular legacy he left behind. 
A lifelong Hoosier, Wayne was born on his 
family’s farm in Grant County. He started school at Walnut Creek Elementary School and then went to Jefferson Township High School. While his parents did not attend col-lege, they encouraged all six of their children to go to college. Wayne, like his older siblings, attended Purdue University and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Agriculture. 
Wayne’s professional life reveals his dif-
ferent avenues of interest. A few years after graduating from Purdue, Wayne entered mili-
tary service, serving primarily in Washington, D.C. as a special agent in the Counter Intel-ligence Corps. He stayed in the Army for two years until he returned to his family farm with his wife, Helen. Wayne maintained a hog and grain farm in Blackford County his whole adult life, but he was also heavily involved in Indi-ana politics. Wayne began his political career when he was elected to the Indiana House of Representatives in 1958. He served in the In-diana House of Representatives for six years, serving on the House Ways and Means Com-mittee, and in 1970 he was elected to the Indi-ana Senate, where he served on the Senate Finance Committee. In the Senate, he is re-membered for being the tie-breaking vote for Indiana to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment in 1977. Wayne was also selected as the Democratic nominee for Governor of Indiana in 1984, and he notably chose a female run-ning mate, which was the first time in state history. 
After 16 years in the Indiana Senate, Wayne 
retired from the legislature and started a new adventure serving on the Board of Trustees for Purdue for 15 years. His commitment to the Boilermakers was evident through his ex-tensive involvement with the university. He served as the Director of the Purdue Research Foundation and sat on the Search Committee tasked with finding a new president when President Steven Beering retired. He was a member of the John Purdue Club for 35 years and a lifetime member of the Purdue Alumni Association. Wayne, an effective advocate for education, was also a Trustee of Earlham Col-lege in Richmond, Indiana. 
In addition to his commitment to education, 
he was an active Quaker and served as a member and Trustee of the First Friends Church of Marion for 50 years. 
On many occasions, Wayne was recognized 
for his impressive work. Four different gov-ernors from both sides of the aisle named Wayne the prestigious Sagamore of the Wa-bash. In 2014, he was honored with the Order of the Griffin, the highest honor bestowed by Purdue University. For his skill in farming, he was named a Master Farmer by Indiana Prai-rie Farmer and a Distinguished Purdue Agri-culture Alumnus. 
Wayne is survived by his wife, Helen Town-
send, children Jay Townsend, Mark Town-send, Lisa McHone, Steve Townsend, and Alan Townsend, eighteen grandchildren, and many nieces and nephews. Wayne was a leader in the community who will always be remembered for his dedication to Indiana and the enduring benefits he created. Please join me in thanking Wayne’s family for sharing this truly remarkable man with the Hoosier com-munity. 
f 
HONORING DR. G. RICHARD OLDS 
ON HIS RETIREMENT AS DEAN OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALI-FORNIA RIVERSIDE SCHOOL OF MEDICINE 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored 
to recognize and congratulate Dr. G. Richard Olds, Dean of the University of California Riv-
erside School of Medicine, on his retirement. 
Dean Olds has led a life of distinguished 
service as an educator, scientist, physician and founding dean of the UC Riverside School of Medicine. He has served as a full professor of medicine, molecular, and cell and develop-ment biology at Brown University, and pro-fessor and chairman of medicine at the MetroHealth Campus of Case Western Re-serve University. Prior to joining the faculty at UC Riverside, Dean Olds was appointed pro-fessor and chair of medicine at the Medical College of Wisconsin. He has been an inspira-tional leader and adviser to hundreds of grad-uates. Among his many contributions to higher education, he also served as a tropical dis-ease specialist on the World Health Organiza-tion expert committee on schistosomiasis, and has authored over 100 peer-reviewed articles, book chapters, and reviews. 
Dean Olds came to UC Riverside to create 
a School of Medicine—the first public medical school in California in more than four decades. His drive and vision led to a school with the unique and special mission focusing on the needs of the surrounding communities and the future path of community-based, value-based health care. In an effort to address the severe doctor shortage in Inland Southern California, Dean Olds created a medical school that would expand and diversify the physician workforce and serve as a catalyst for improv-ing the health of the community. 
UC Riverside School of Medicine is accred-
ited largely in part to Dean Olds. In 2011, the State of California eliminated pledged annual funding for the school, resulting in the denial of accreditation. Dean Olds’ unrelenting deter-mination fostered an ambitious year of fund-raising and advocacy, in which the medical school raised $100 million to support the school for over ten years. The school was ac-credited and the doors opened in fall 2013— the first time in three decades that an Amer-ican medical school was approved after pre-viously having been denied accreditation. 
I am proud to recognize Dean Olds on his 
years of service and congratulate him on his retirement from UC Riverside School of Medi-cine. I look forward to his forthcoming accom-plishments and future success, wherever he begins his next journey. On behalf of the countless medical students, future doctors, and patients, whose lives you have changed and impacted, thank you for your service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACK GENESER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Jack Geneser of the Earlham High School Track Team for winning the class 1A Shuttle Hurdle State Championship. 
Jack, along with his three teammates, fin-
ished the shuttle hurdle race in first place with a time of 1:00.23 at the 2015 Iowa 1A State Track and Field Championships. Jack has dedicated his time and talents to achieving a single goal and I commend him for his hard work and determination. This group of young men came together to achieve great success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.037 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1149 July 28, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Jack and 
his teammates demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jack on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess in all his future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JOHN F. HEGARTY, 
NATIONAL PRESIDENT OF THE POSTAL MAIL HANDLERS UNION 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of John F. Hegarty, in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the National Post-al Mail Handlers Union (NPMHU) and the United States Postal Service (USPS). John re-tired on May 1, 2015 and has moved back to his beloved Western Massachusetts. 
The son of Charles and Ann Marie Hegarty, 
John was born on January 31, 1955 in Hol-yoke but grew up on Rupert Street in Spring-field, before moving his family to Wilbraham, MA, where he currently resides. 
Mr. Speaker, John Hegarty attended Com-
merce High School. After graduation like many of his contemporaries he sought work. He worked at Titeflex in Springfield and started his union career as a steward (Teamsters Union) representing his fellow workers. John left Titeflex in 1985 when the USPS called and he started his Postal career. 
John was National President of the National 
Postal Mail Handlers Union from July 2002 to his retirement. He was re-elected to that posi-tion by acclamation of the delegates to the Union’s National Conventions in 2004, 2008, and 2012. In this capacity, John is the chief spokesperson for the NPMHU in national bar-gaining with the USPS. 
For the ten years prior to becoming National 
President, John served as Administrative Vice President for the General Mail Facility/Bulk Mail Center in Springfield, Massachusetts. He then became President of Local 301 in New England, one of the largest local unions affili-ated with the NPMHU, covering six states. In addition, beginning in 1996, he also served on the NPMHU National Executive Board of the NPHMU’s parent union, the Laborers’ Inter-national Union of North America (LIUNA). 
Mr. Speaker, John Hegarty is known for his 
generous spirit and kind heart. He has had the 
good fortune to be married to his wife, Con-stance, for thirty-three years. John and Connie are proud parents of two children, two grand-children with a third on the way. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to join 
with John Hegarty’s family, friends, and con-temporaries to thank him for his extraordinary service to the National Postal Mail Handlers and the United States Postal Service. HONORING THE LIFE OF CAPT. 
RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ CURRIER 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and celebrate the life of retired Navy Captain Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Currier, the com-manding officer who oversaw the construction of what was known then as Naval Submarine Support Base Kings Bay. 
Captain Currier spent most of his Navy ca-
reer in the submarine service during the tran-sition from diesel to nuclear-powered sub-marines. He joined the Navy in 1954 and served upon four surface ships before becom-ing a submariner. As his first sea duty, Cap-tain Currier served aboard the diesel powered submarine USS Grampus . After that tour of 
duty, he was sent to nuclear power school and was assigned to the nuclear submarine USS Scorpion . Five more submarine assignments 
followed, three of which he served as the commanding officer. 
Captain Currier’s last duty assignment start-
ed in 1983 as the commanding officer of Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay in St. Marys, Georgia. At the time of his arrival, only 100 people were assigned to the base. Kings Bay’s pier was still under construction, a ma-jority of roads were unpaved, and most build-ings were still in the planning stages. Under Captain Currier’s leadership Kings Bay devel-oped into the Navy gem of Georgia’s Golden Isles. 
Captain Currier retired after 34 years of 
service and continued to be active in the St. Marys community where he served on the board of directors for the St. Mary’s Sub-marine Museum among other roles. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize 
the service and life of Captain Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Currier, a pioneer of Kings Bay who will al-ways be remembered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JHETT WILLIAMS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Jhett Wil-liams of Madison County, Iowa, for qualifying for the National Junior High Rodeo Finals in breakaway roping, team roping, and chute dogging. 
Each summer, approximately 1,000 youth 
competitors from across the country qualify to compete for scholarships and prizes at the National Junior High Rodeo Finals. I commend Jhett for his hard work and dedication to achieving his goals. He is a phenomenal young role model for others who are aspiring to compete in this prestigious national event. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rep-
resent Iowans like Jhett in the U.S. House of Representatives. I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating Jhett on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 469, 
my flight was delayed due to inclement weath-er. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANITA LYONS BOND, 
PH.D. 
HON. WM. LACY CLAY 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to a remarkable woman and long-time civic icon in St. Louis, Missouri, who has set a standard of excellence in academics, edu-cational reform, social justice, community lead-ership and personal courage, Dr. Anita Lyons Bond. 
Anita Lyons Bond has been making history 
for decades. As the first African American stu-dent to graduate with Latin Honors from Saint Louis University in 1949, she has devoted her life to opening up the doors of equal edu-cational opportunity to all, especially those stu-dents in urban areas who are still striving to overcome difficult circumstances and per-sistent academic disparities. 
In May of this year, as she presented an 
honorary doctorate to Mrs. Bond, Saint Louis University trustee Martha Uhlhorn recognized her ‘‘extraordinary determination, her exem-plary character, her exceptional commitment to education, her concerns for others, her fear-less focus on social justice and her desire to provide equal access to education for all stu-dents.’’ 
In 1965, Mrs. Bond challenged the Missouri 
Board of Education’s elections. Her lawsuit, contending civil rights violations, went to the Missouri Supreme Court and ultimately re-sulted in changes in election procedures. Later that year, the Urban League of Metropolitan St. Louis honored her with the Argus Distin-guished Public Service Award for her service to the city as a leader in education and in the community. 
Mrs. Bond established the Citizens Edu-
cation Task Force, an organization funded through the Danforth Foundation that func-tioned as an independent critical body of the Board of Education. 
In 1974, she became president of the St. 
Louis Board of Education. She served the board in various roles and was instrumental in the Board of Education and the Higher Edu-cational Council establishing Harris-Stowe as a state college, rather than a secondary school. 
In 1981, U.S. District Judge James Meredith 
appointed her to serve on the committee that wrote the St. Louis public school desegrega-tion plan. She also served on the boards of the YMCA, NAACP, Urban League, United Negro College Fund and others. The NAACP named her one of the ‘‘Most Outstanding St. Louisans.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.041 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1150 July 28, 2015 
Mrs. Bond has also served as a delegate to 
the U.S. Civil Rights Commission and is a na-tionally recognized educational expert in spe-cial techniques of speech correction for the culturally disadvantaged. 
I have known Mrs. Bond, her late husband 
(the remarkable Dr. Leslie Bond), and her wonderful family since my earliest days grow-ing up in St. Louis. Both she and her husband stood shoulder-to-shoulder with my father, former Congressman Bill Clay, as he led the historic Jefferson Bank protests which broke down the walls of segregation in our city. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of Congress 
to join me in honoring this great American who has helped so many and continues to inspire us to have courage, to work towards trans-formative change, and to confront injustice and inequality wherever it exists. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ATTACK 121 
VOLLEYBALL TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Attack 121 Volleyball Team of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for qualifying for the USA Volleyball Junior Na-tional Tournament. The competition began June 27th and ran through June 30th. 
This team dedicated their time and talents 
to achieving a single goal and I commend them for their hard work and determination. They were able to come together to achieve great success. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this group 
of young Iowans demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Attack 121 volleyball team on a job well done, and wishing them nothing but continued success as they con-tinue their volleyball careers. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 468; 
my flight was delayed due to inclement weath-er. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
HONORING TURLOCK CITY FIRE 
DEPARTMENT CHIEF TIM LOHMAN 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and honor Turlock City Fire De-partment Chief Tim Lohman, who announced his retirement after serving 35 years in the fire service. Since the beginning of his career, Tim 
Lohman has always been dedicated to the Turlock City Fire Department. On July 1, 1980, he took his first step into the Department by becoming a Volunteer Firefighter. After only three years of hard work and perseverance, Tim Lohman succeeded in becoming a full- time Firefighter for the City of Turlock. There he worked at all levels of the department in-cluding Fire Engineer, Fire Captain, Battalion Chief, Division Chief of Training, and Division Chief of Operations. On account of his com-mitment, professionalism, and integrity he had demonstrated throughout the years, Tim Lohman was awarded the high rank of Fire Chief four years ago. 
Response times and personnel safety are a 
priority to Chief Lohman, and during his tenure as Fire Chief, he ensured many technological advances to the Turlock City Fire Department to achieve this goal. He oversaw the installa-tion of Mobile Data Computers to each fire en-gine, which provided the crews with the most recent advances in mapping systems and pro-grams. Furthermore, Chief Lohman oversaw the implementation of the 911 system and other additions that changed the landscape of emergency service response for the Fire De-partment. 
Serving as a Firefighter was not the only 
calling for Chief Lohman, as he owns and op-erates his own almond farm in Ballico, Cali-fornia. In 1989, he purchased the 28 acre par-cel from his grandparents, and has been growing and harvesting the land ever since. Chief Lohman has been familiar with the al-mond industry for some time, but will be expe-riencing a new challenge after his retirement from the Turlock City Fire Department. He will be beginning a new career as Chief Executive Officer with the almond cooperative Northern Merced Hulling Association. Chief Lohman’s vast experience and leadership will ensure he thrives in his imminent position. 
Chief Lohman has been recognized by col-
leagues with many awards and accolades. He is well respected by his community and fellow firefighters. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and 
commending the outstanding contributions made to fire service and the City of Turlock by Turlock City Fire Department Chief Tim Lohman and hereby wish him continued suc-cess in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DISTIN-
GUISHED PUBLIC SERVICE CA-REER OF CURTIS M. GRAVES 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the distinguished public service career of Curtis M. Graves. 
Mr. Graves was one of the first African 
Americans elected to the Texas House of Representatives since the turn of the 20th century. A Democrat and political contem-porary of Barbara Jordan, Mr. Graves served in the Texas legislature from 1967 to 1973, where he championed progressive legislation on issues ranging from gun control to criminal justice reform. Mr. Graves also spent many years actively participating in the Civil Rights Movement, fighting for equal rights of all 
Americans. 
Mr. Graves was born August 26, 1938 in 
New Orleans, Louisiana. He is an alumnus of Texas Southern University and Princeton Uni-versity. After serving in the Texas House of Representatives, Mr. Graves had a thirty year career at the National Aeronautic and Space Administration—first in NASA’s Academic Af-fairs Division and ultimately as its Director for Civil Affairs. 
On behalf of the people of Maryland’s 
Eighth Congressional District, and in anticipa-tion of his seventy-seventh birthday on August 26, 2015, I would like to thank Curtis M. Graves for his lifelong career of public service and for his many contributions to our nation. I wish him and his family all the best in the years to come. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES TO 
THE VICTIMS OF THE SENSE-LESS SHOOTING IN LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
a heavy heart that I rise to speak out against the loss of innocent lives that resulted from yet another unimaginable act of violence in our great country. 
I humbly ask the House to observe a mo-
ment of silence for the victims of the horrific tragedy that occurred in a movie theater in La-fayette, Louisiana, on July 23, 2015. 
My thoughts and prayers are with these vic-
tims, the families, and the friends of those who lost loved ones in this horrific shooting. 
From current reports, we know that the gun-
man unloaded over 13 rounds into the crowd at the movie theater late Thursday night. 
The gunman inexplicably began his ram-
page by firing shots into the seats directly in front of him, and then took his own life. 
His actions claimed the lives of two young 
women, Mayci Breaux and Jillian Johnson, and injured nine others at the Grand Multiplex Theater in Lafayette, Louisiana. 
I want to commend the rapid response by 
the law enforcement personnel that arrived at the scene and acted with courage and skill, likely preventing any further loss of innocent lives. 
Individuals who have a history of mental in-
stability, as did this shooter, should never be allowed to possess a firearm. 
This is why my colleagues and I co-spon-
sored, H.R. 226, the ‘‘Keeping Guns from High Risk Individuals Act’’, which prevents individ-uals with a history of mental illness from gain-ing access to firearms. 
Tragic events such as this should not be a 
part of the American culture. 
Yet, in 2015 alone, we have had 204 mass 
shootings where innocent lives have been senselessly taken from our communities. 
No American should ever have to experi-
ence fear and violence when they are step-ping out into their communities to participate in activities, such as going to the movies or at-tending a faith meeting. 
Americans have proven time and time again 
that we are capable of tackling the tough issues that face our nation and culture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.046 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1151 July 28, 2015 
Violent acts such as this highlight the need 
for serious and positive reforms to help en-hance public safety. 
Congress needs to work with the President 
to develop and enact sensible gun violence prevention legislation. 
We cannot give up, no matter the obstacles 
placed before us. 
We can no longer be complacent or pas-
sive; we need to enact policies that could save lives. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask, how many 
more lives and incidents will it take before Congress acts to take on this pressing issue? 
Are not the shootings in Aurora, Colorado; 
Sandy Hook, Connecticut; Charleston, South Carolina; Tucson, Arizona; Blacksburg, Vir-ginia; and Chattanooga, Tennessee, or any of the other 200 mass shootings across the na-tion, enough to spur us to act? 
Mr. Speaker, it does not have to be this 
way; there are many actions we can take to reduce gun violence in America. 
All we have to do is summon the will. 
f 
HONORING KRISTIN WELSH- 
SIMPSON 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on 
behalf of this great institution and those who serve and work here to acknowledge and ex-press appreciation to one of our long-tenured House employees, Kristin Welsh-Simpson—a Senior Employee Assistance Counselor with the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO)—who is departing the House following her fifteen years of service in the Office of Employee Assistance (OEA). 
Kristin first came to the House in 1996 as a 
graduate student intern in the Office of Em-ployee Assistance as part of her graduate studies at the National Catholic School of So-cial Services, at The Catholic University of America. Following the awarding of her Mas-ter’s Degree in Social Work, she took a posi-tion in the private sector as an Employee As-sistance Account Manager for an international EAP provider, and oversaw the employee as-sistance service contract for a large global health products company. Fortunately for the House, the CAO and OEA were able to per-manently hire her in 2000 when she joined the Office of Employee Assistance as an Em-ployee Assistance Counselor. 
Almost immediately, Kristin began applying 
her special case management and organiza-tional skills in service to the Members and em-ployees of the House, the Congressional Budget Office and the United States Capitol Police. She has worked diligently and tire-lessly to assist managers and employees in addressing the myriad of personal challenges, mental health and addiction problems, and other behavioral and work-life balance issues that potentially impact the performance and productivity of our workforce. With barely a year of service under her belt, Kristin and her 0EA colleagues found themselves in the un-charted territory of assisting House Leader-ship, Members, Officers, and employees through the emotional turmoil and psycho-logical recovery following September 11th and the anthrax crisis in October 2001. Specifi-
cally, she was part of both the OEA team’s re-sponse to the emotional and psychological support needs of individual employees and work groups, and the CAO’s larger commu-nications effort managed by the (OEA. She served with the OEA as the critical informa-tional link to the House workforce throughout the six weeks in which sections of the House campus were closed—keeping employees and families informed of the status of the remedi-ation efforts and the staggered opening of of-fices as well as the availability of House serv-ices as sections of the House buildings were cleared for occupancy and resumption of oper-ations. Unfortunately, with the realities of our world, these were not to be the only crises 
that Kristin and the employee assistance team would be called upon to assist us with and support us through. Kristin’s skills and capa-bilities would be particularly helpful following the tragic shootings in Tucson in January 2011, beginning with her on-site support and assistance within hours of the incident. 
In addition to being on the front lines in pro-
viding the support and services of the Office of Employee Assistance team to the House, CBO and Capitol Police communities in the aftermath of some of the most troubling events of the past fifteen years, Kristin has estab-lished a reputation as a go-to person. Kristin has been sought out for her day-to-day work in consulting with and coaching Members, managers and employees to assist them with the challenges presented when an employee’s personal issues impact their performance or the effectiveness of the office. It is on this level that I personally became familiar with Kristin and her tremendous work ethic, in-sights and capabilities. She has worked with me and my staff for several years, helping to plan and facilitate our annual staff retreat and to incorporate some critical staff development into the process. 
Whether providing the OEA’s critical assess-
ment, referral and follow-up services to an em-ployee in crisis, consulting with a Member or Chief of Staff on strategies to effectively inte-grate communications and team development into an annual staff retreat, or conducting a training session for the general House work-force, Kristin has consistently brought compas-sion, competence, organizational insight, insti-tutional sensitivity, and practical solutions to her work. It seems fitting that one of Kristin’s major responsibilities in the Office of Em-ployee Assistance this past year was serving as the office’s Intern Field Placement Instruc-tor for a graduate student from Catholic Uni-versity—somewhat bringing her career with the House full circle. 
As Kristin departs the House to assume the 
position of Employee Assistance Director for the United States Senate, I regret the House’s loss but take comfort in knowing that the Con-gress will continue to benefit from her knowl-edge and experience. I join the Chief Adminis-trative Officer, Ed Cassidy; the CAO’s Acting Chief Human Resource Officer, Darnell Lee; and the entire OEA team—Bernard Beidel, Liz McBride-Chambers, Margot Hawkins-Green, and Paul Tewksbury—in thanking Kristin for her service to the Office of Employee Assist-ance and the House, and in wishing her well and much success as her employee assist-ance career takes her to new challenges and opportunities. As someone who has personally benefited from the assistance and support she has provided my staff and office, I am con-
fident I speak for the many Members, employ-ees and family members she has helped, as-sisted and supported over the past fifteen years. Well done and Godspeed, Kristin. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TOM M CMAHON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Tom McMahon of Fairfield, Iowa, for receiving the 2015 Leadership for Iowa Award from the Iowa Association of Business and Industry Foundation. 
Each year, the Iowa Association of Business 
and Industry Foundation selects one distin-guished recipient to receive the Leadership for Iowa Award. The individual selected for this award must display a willingness and commit-ment in serving Iowa. They must also have occupied a leadership position in civic or pro-fessional organizations as well as displayed a knack for leading others on a wide-range of issues. 
Tom was granted this prestigious award be-
cause of his involvement and leadership in his community. He demonstrated his willingness to serve through his time as a volunteer for Leadership Iowa, Leadership Iowa University and Business Horizons, along with his tenure on the ABI Board of Directors. Tom’s commit-ment to mentoring future business leaders truly embodies our Iowa values. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to represent 
Iowans like Tom in the United States Con-gress, and I applaud him for his commitment to service and giving back to the community. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating him for receiving this award. I wish him all the best moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TOM JAWETZ 
AND HIS SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I, along with 
Representative Z OELOFGREN of California, 
would like to thank Tom Jawetz for more than six years of service to the House of Rep-resentatives. Throughout this time, Torn has served as a dedicated counsel to the Judiciary Committee under three Chairmen, including myself, Representative L
AMAR SMITH, and 
Representative B OBGOODLATTE . For the past 
year, he has served as the Minority Chief Counsel to the Judiciary’s Committee’s Sub-committee on Immigration and Border Secu-rity. 
A native of New York City, Tom graduated 
summa cum laude from Dartmouth College with a bachelor’s degree in Philosophy and Government. Tom developed a passion for working with low-income communities through an AmeriCorps fellowship in Charleston, South Carolina. As an AmeriCorps fellow, Tom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.051 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1152 July 28, 2015 
worked with community members and wit-
nessed the myriad challenges faced by those suffering from chronic poverty. Tom took his passion for working with the disadvantaged to Yale Law School where he served as a stu-dent clerk in the Complex Federal Litigation Clinic and a Student Director in the Immigra-tion Legal Services Clinic. 
After graduating from Yale Law School, Tom 
clerked for the Honorable Kimba M. Wood in the United States District Court, Southern Dis-trict of New York. He continued his immigra-tion advocacy as an Arthur Liman Public Inter-est Fellow at the Washington Lawyers’ Com-mittee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs where he represented asylum seekers and designed pro se programs for immigrants in removal proceedings. 
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Tom 
began working with the National Prison Project of the American Civil Liberties Union. As a liti-gation fellow with the National Prison Project, Tom helped to produce a groundbreaking comprehensive report condemning the belated evacuation of the Orleans Parish Prison. Tom 
combined his experience investigating prison abuse in New Orleans with his immigration ex-pertise when he was hired to be the Immigra-tion Detention Staff Attorney for the National Prison Project. In that role, Tom raised atten-tion and awareness to the deficient and abu-sive medical care practices in immigrant de-tention and assisted Francisco Castaneda in a landmark case of medical abuse in detention. Tom testified honorably before the Judiciary Committee on two occasions, once accom-panied by two of his clients who shared their stories in an effort to improve conditions of confinement. 
As counsel for the Judiciary Committee, 
Tom worked tirelessly to provide assistance to members and staff He was always available for legal analysis, advice and good conversa-tion. Tom was known to many members and staff as a leader on all things relating to immi-gration. Tom developed a reputation for being dependable and easily approachable. His en-ergetic disposition and positive attitude were always appreciated by Members and staff on both sides of the aisle. 
Tom played an important role in Com-
prehensive Immigration Reform negotiations, the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, issues concerning the surge of unaccompanied children and families at the Southern border and enactment of several pri-vate immigration bills. Tom’s absence will be felt on matters pertaining to immigration law and policy, but we are pleased to know that he will continue his efforts as the Vice Presi-dent of Immigration Policy for the Center of American Progress. 
Mr. Speaker, we applaud Tom’s tireless, 
principled and loyal public service to the U.S. House of Representatives and the American people wish him every success in his future endeavors. 
f 
MRS. UNITED STATES 2015 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Pearland’s Katie Garza for being crowned Mrs. United States 2015. Mrs. Garza truly encompasses the qualities 
of this competition. She is an intelligent wife, mother, and professional and beautiful on the inside and out. During her reign as Mrs. United States, Katie will use her platform to benefit the Pumping for Preemies foundation. Her foundation helps save the lives of pre-mature infants by providing donor milk to mothers who are unable to provide breast milk. As a mother to three premature children, this cause is near and dear to Katie’s heart. We are proud of Katie for highlighting her per-sonal cause on the national stage. She is an excellent role model who represents Pearland well. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Katie Garza for being crowned Mrs. United States 2015. 
f 
PRATT & WHITNEY 90TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to congratulate Pratt & Whitney on their 90th anniversary. Back in my home state of Geor-gia, this American company has six major fa-cilities, employing more than 2,000 Georgians. In my district in Middle and Southwest Georgia alone, Pratt & Whitney employs over 1,000 employees at their Engine Center in Colum-bus. 
I remember the tour I took of Pratt & Whit-
ney’s Columbus Engine Center to get a first- hand account of the plant’s operation and how it impacts the local economy. From what I could see, Pratt & Whitney’s employees truly take customer service to a new level. For al-most 30 years, Pratt & Whitney has been a driving force for job creation in the Columbus community, and have become good corporate citizens. 
Mr. Speaker, I have said it before and I will 
say it again, Congress’ first, second, and third priority must be job creation, as it is a crucial part to our continued economic recovery. For the past 90 years, Pratt & Whitney has also been focused on creating good jobs in Colum-bus and throughout the nation, and have suc-ceeded through producing dependable en-gines and supporting great communities. 
I congratulate Pratt & Whitney on this auspi-
cious occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SESQUICENTEN-
NIAL ANNIVERSARY OF ANDER-SON, INDIANA 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to commemorate the 150th anniver-sary of the incorporation of the city of Ander-son, Indiana. Anderson has played an integral role in the industrial development of Indiana and Hoosiers from every part of the state are thankful for the contributions of the men and women of Anderson. The city of Anderson is celebrating 150 
years, but the history of Anderson dates back further. Chief William Anderson of the Dela-ware tribe first settled in the area, giving it the name Anderson Town. Eventually the name was shortened to Anderson and in 1865, it was officially incorporated. 
From its early origins, Anderson has been a 
model for other cities and towns to follow, through its continued dedication to building a welcoming community for residents and visi-tors alike. In the years since its first mayor, Robert Williams, who served from 1865–1866, Anderson has developed into a lively and thriving community, serving as a home for generations to families, businesses, profes-sionals, churches, schools, and other organi-zations. 
In 1887, the city saw a great influx in busi-
ness due to the discovery of natural gas. This discovery is responsible for the initial spike in automotive, electric, and other manufacturing companies to settle in Anderson, most notably Delco Remy and Guide Lamp. Despite the downturn in the automotive industry in past decades, the city has exhibited resilience and welcomed new businesses such as, Nestle, Xerox, Greenville Technologies, Inc., Keihin North America, and Sirmax, to name only a few. In addition to its industries, the city is home to the Paramount Theatre, Mounds State Park, Anderson University, and Hoosier Park Racing & Casino. 
Anderson, with all of its industry and attrac-
tions, is nothing without the people. The citi-zens have a clear passion and love for their city. I am proud to represent such an amazing city, one with a history of growth and pros-perity as well as the promise of a prosperous future. Please join me in celebrating the ses-quicentennial anniversary of the incorporation of the great city of Anderson, Indiana. 
f 
HONORING MS. GLORIA MAR-
GARITA RODRIGUEZ ON THE OC-CASION OF HER NEW POSITION AS A REPORTER FOR ABC 11 WTVD 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored 
to recognize Ms. Gloria Margarita Rodriguez on her new position as a reporter for WTVD in Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina. 
A native to the Coachella Valley, Ms. Rodri-
guez has served the community as KMIR An-chor, Reporter, and Producer for over 9 years. She has used her talent to cover several na-tionally recognized local events such as the Humana Challenge, Palm Springs Inter-national Film Festival, and the BNP Paribas Open. Additionally, she has interviewed celeb-rities and politicians, reported on numerous wildfires, and covered President Gerald Ford’s death and state funeral. Ms. Rodriguez has used her reporting to shed light on important issues including working conditions of migrant workers, living conditions at Thermal mobile home parks, immigration at the U.S.-Mexico border, and LGBT equality rights. 
After completing high school at Cathedral 
City, Ms. Rodriguez received her bachelor’s degree in broadcast journalism and political 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.054 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1153 July 28, 2015 
science from the University of Southern Cali-
fornia. She completed her master’s degree program at the Columbia University School of Journalism in New York City, and then worked as a reporter for KNWA in Arkansas. She has written articles for The New York Times, The Boston Globe, the St. Paul Pioneer Press, and The Desert Sun. She returned to the desert in 2006, working as a weekend anchor and field reporter for KMIR/KPSE-TV. Most recently she has been the co-anchor of KMIR’s two-hour Today Show. 
In addition to her many contributions to jour-
nalism, Ms. Rodriguez has been a passionate advocate for access to higher education. Serv-ing as both Executive Director with the Reynaldo J. Carreon Foundation and pro-fessor of media and public relations at the College of the Desert, she has been a strong voice, inspiring and empowering students to pursue and complete undergraduate degrees. In October 2010, Ms. Rodriguez was named one of Palm Spring Life’s ‘‘40 Under 40’’ for contributions to the community. 
Ms. Rodriguez will be reporting in one of the 
top 25 media markets in the country in her new position at WTVD, bringing her integrity and advocacy to an even larger audience. I am proud to recognize Ms. Rodriguez’s con-tributions to Coachella Valley, and I look for-ward to her success and accomplishments at WTVD. 
f 
CELEBRATING CONGREGATION 
MICKVE ISRAEL’S 282 ND ANNI-
VERSARY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to celebrate the 282nd Anniver-sary of Congregation Mickve Israel, the third oldest Jewish Congregation in the United States of America, and the grand opening of their Lawrence and Nancy Gutstein Museum. 
Five months after General James 
Oglethorpe founded the Georgia colony in 1733, Jewish refugees from the Iberian Penin-sula landed in Savannah. These refugees started the Congregation Mickve Israel which has met in various locations ever since. The congregation is still operating under the same charter which they received from Governor Edward Telfair in 1790. Using primary sources, the diaries of one of the first settlers and minute books from 1790–1851, a carefully constructed exhibit ties Mickve Israel and its members to events in Jewish history, in the life of the Savannah community, the country, and the world. 
The new museum tells the Congregation’s 
story through the American Revolution, the Civil War and today. Some of the artifacts on display include the oldest Torah scrolls in the United States from the 15th century, a scale model of the ship, William and Sarah, which brought over the founding members of the Congregation, and copies of letters written by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. Oth-ers include contributions of its members with the early Girl Scout movement as well as 
leadership in the civic and cultural life of Sa-vannah. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join the Sa-
vannah community in celebration of the open-ing of Congregation Mickve Israel’s new mu-seum and their 282nd Anniversary. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 467; 
my flight was delayed due to inclement weath-er. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
FINANCIAL NET WORTH 
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, 
through the following statement, I am making my financial net worth as of March 31, 2015, a matter of public record. I have filed similar statements for each of the thirty-six preceding years I have served in the Congress. 
ASSETS  
REAL PROPERTY  
Single family residence at 609 Ft. Williams 
Parkway, City of Alexandria, Virginia, at as-sessed valuation. (Assessed at $1,372,549). Ratio of assessed to market value: 100% (Unencumbered): $1,372,549.00. 
Condominium at N76 W14726 North Point 
Drive, Village of Menomonee Falls, Waukesha County, Wisconsin, at assessor’s estimated market value. (Unencumbered): $136,600.00. 
Undivided 25/44ths interest in single family 
Residence at N52 W32654 Maple Lane, Village of Chenequa, Waukesha County, Wisconsin, at 25/44ths of assessor’s estimated market value of $1,552,500: $882,102.27. 
Total real property: $2,391,251.27. 
Common & preferred stock # of shares $ per share Value 
Abbott Laboratories, Inc. .... 12200 46.33 $565,226.00 
AbbVie Inc. ......................... 10980 58.54 642,769.20 Alcatel-Lucent .................... 135 3.73 503.55 Allstate Corporation ........... 370 71.17 26,332.90 AT & T ................................ 7275 32.65 237,528.75 JP Morgan Chase ............... 4539 60.58 274,972.62 Benton County Mining 
Company ........................ 333 0.00 0.00 
BP PLC ............................... 3604 39.11 140,952.44 Centerpoint Energy ............. 300 20.21 6,063.00 Chenequa Country Club Re-
alty Co. .......................... 1 0.00 0.00 
Comcast ............................. 634 56.47 35,801.98 Darden Restaurants, Inc. ... 2160 69.34 149,774.40 Discover Financial Services 156 56.35 8,790.60 Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. ....... 1250 128.36 160,450.00 E.I. DuPont de Nemours 
Corp. .............................. 1200 71.47 85,764.00 
Eastman Chemical Co. ...... 540 69.26 37,400.40 Exxon Mobil Corp. ............... 9728 85.00 826,880.00 Frontier Comm. ................... 591 7.05 4,166.55 Gartner Inc. ........................ 651 83.85 54,586.35 General Electric Co. ........... 15600 24.81 387,036.00 General Mills, Inc. .............. 5760 56.60 326,016.00 NRG Energy ........................ 28 25.19 705.32 Hospira ............................... 1220 87.84 107,164.80 Imation Corp. ..................... 99 4.03 398.97 Kellogg Corp. ...................... 3200 65.95 211,040.00 3M Company ...................... 2000 164.95 329,900.00 Common & preferred stock # of shares $ per share Value 
Express Scripts ................... 6656 86.77 577,541.12 
Monsanto Company ............ 2852.315 112.54 320,999.53 Moody’s ............................... 5000 103.80 519,000.00 Morgan Stanley .................. 312 35.69 11,135.28 NCR Corp. ........................... 68 29.51 2,006.68 Newell Rubbermaid ............ 1676 39.07 65,481.32 PG & E Corp. ...................... 175 53.07 9,287.25 Pfizer .................................. 30415 34.79 1,058,137.85 Century Link ....................... 95 34.55 3,282.25 Tenneco Inc. ....................... 182 57.42 10,450.44 Unisys Corp. ....................... 16 23.21 371.36 US Bancorp ........................ 3081 43.67 134,547.27 Verizon ................................ 1918 48.63 93,272.34 Vodafone Group PLC .......... 323 32.68 10,555.64 WEC Energy (Wisconsin En-
ergy) ............................... 2044 49.50 101,178.00 
Total common & pre-
ferred stocks & bonds .................... .................... .................... $7,537,470.16 
Life insurance policies Face $ Surrender $ 
Northwestern Mutual #00 ............. 12,000.00 $119,406.33 Northwestern Mutual #61 ............. 30,000.00 287,297.39 Massachusetts Mutual #75 .......... 10,000.00 17,203.64 Massachusetts Mutual #44 .......... 100,000.00 459,747.68 American General Life Ins. #59L .. 175,000.00 42,067.21 
Total life insurance policies .............................. $925,722.25 
Bank & IRA accounts Balance 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, checking account ..................... $51,830.86 JP Morgan Chase Bank, savings account ....................... 14,675.76 M&I Bank, checking account ........................................... 6,112.65 Burke & Herbert Bank, Alexandria, VA, checking ac-
count ............................................................................ 4,034.78 
JP Morgan, IRA accounts ................................................. 153,919.18 
Total bank & IRA Accounts .................................... $230,573.23 
Miscellaneous Value 
2009 Ford Taurus ............................................................ $8,002.00 2013 Ford Taurus ............................................................ 18,837.00 1996 Buick Regal ............................................................ 1,529.00 Office furniture & equipment (estimated) ...................... 1,000.00 Furniture, clothing & personal property (estimated) ...... 180,000.00 Stamp collection (estimated) .......................................... 190,000.00 Deposits in Congressional Retirement Fund ................... 236,488.14 Deposits in Federal Thrift Savings Plan ......................... 527,709.81 Traveler’s checks ............................................................. 7,800.00 17 ft. Boston Whaler boat & 70 hp Johnson outboard 
motor (estimated) ........................................................ 4,500.00 
20 ft. Pontoon boat & 40 hp Mercury outboard motor 
(estimated) .................................................................. 7,500.00 
Total miscellaneous ................................................ $1,183,365.95 
Total assets ................................................... $12,268,382.86 
Liabilities: None. 
Total liabilities: $0.00. Net worth: $12,268,382.86. 
STATEMENT OF 2014 TAXES PAID 
Federal Income Tax .............................................. $154,822.00 
Wisconsin Income Tax .......................................... 43,951.00 Menomonee Falls, WI Property Tax ...................... 2,321.00 Chenequa, WI Property Tax .................................. 21,036.00 Alexandria, VA Property Tax ................................. 14,381.00 
I further declare that I am trustee of a 
trust established under the will of my late father, Frank James Sensenbrenner, Sr., for the benefit of my sister, Margaret A. Sensen-brenner, and of my two sons, F. James Sen-senbrenner, III, and Robert Alan Sensen-brenner. I am further the direct beneficiary of five trusts, but have no control over the assets of either trust. My wife, Cheryl War-ren Sensenbrenner, and I are trustees of sep-arate trusts established for the benefit of each son. 
Also, I am neither an officer nor a director 
of any corporation organized under the laws of the State of Wisconsin or of any other state or foreign country. 
F. J
AMES SENSENBRENNER , JR., 
Member of Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.058 E28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D893 Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6045–S6087. 
Measures Introduced: Nine bills and three resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1873–1881, S.J. Res. 20, S. Res. 233, and S. Con. Res. 20. 
                                                                                    Pages S6073–74 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1334, to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to 
stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to imple-ment the Antigua Convention, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S6073 
Measures Passed: 
Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act: 
Senate passed S. 614, to provide access to and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S6084–85 
McConnell (for Carper/Johnson) Amendment No. 
2541, in the nature of a substitute.                  Page S6084 
Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act: Senate 
passed S. 242, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability.
            Page S6085 
National Sea Grant College Program Amend-
ments Act: Senate passed S. 764, to reauthorize and 
amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Pages S6085–87 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-
ate agreed to H. Con. Res. 64, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men.
                          Page S6087 
National Association of Women Business Own-
ers 40th Anniversary: Committee on the Judiciary 
was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 225, honoring the National Association of Women Business Owners on its 40th anniversary, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S6087 25th Anniversary of the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 20, rec-
ognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
                                                                 Page S6087 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act—Agreement : Senate con-
tinued consideration of H.R. 22, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, after taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6046–67 
Pending: 
McConnell Modified Amendment No. 2266, in 
the nature of a substitute.                                      Page S6046 
McConnell Amendment No. 2421 (to Amend-
ment No. 2266), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6046 
McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 2533 (to 
Amendment No. 2421), relating to Federal-aid high-ways and highway safety construction programs. 
                                                                                            Page S6046 
McConnell Amendment No. 2417 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2266), to change the enactment date.
            Page S6046 
McConnell Amendment No. 2418 (to Amend-
ment No. 2417), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6046 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, that at 10 
a.m., on Wednesday, July 29, 2015, all post-cloture time on McConnell Modified Amendment No. 2266 (listed above) be considered expired; and that if clo-ture is invoked on the bill, then the post-cloture time count as if cloture had been invoked at 6 a.m., on Wednesday, July 29, 2015.
                           Page S6084 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, July 29, 2015, with the time until 10 a.m., equally divided in the usual form.
                                                      Page S6087 
Beck, Prieto, and Ochoa Nominations—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D894 July 28, 2015 
providing that notwithstanding Rule XXII, fol-
lowing the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, Senate begin consideration of the nominations of Allison Beck, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Federal Mediation and Conciliation Director, Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture, and Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration, that Sen-ate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirmation of the nominations, and that no further motions be in order to the nominations.
       Page S6046 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S6087 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6070 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6070 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S6070, S6087 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6070–72 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S6072–73 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6073 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6074–77 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6077–78 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6069–70 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6078–83 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S6083–84 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:04 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, July 29, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6087.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
CRUDE OIL EXPORT BAN 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine lifting the crude oil export ban, after receiving testimony from Senators Murkowski and Hoeven; Richard Muncrief, WPX Energy, Tulsa, Oklahoma; and Miche `le Flournoy, Center for a New American 
Secuirty, Benjamin Zycher, American Enterprise In-stitute, and Leo W. Gerard, United Steelworkers, on behalf of the AFL–CIO, all of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
ordered favorably reported the nomination of Jona-than Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Energy (International Affairs). 
Committee also began consideration of an original 
bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, but did not complete ac-tion thereon, and will meet again on Wednesday, July 29. 
DIPLOMATIC SECURITY TRAINING 
FACILITY 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
State Department’s proposal to construct a new dip-lomatic security training facility, after receiving tes-timony from Gregory Starr, Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security; David Mader, Acting Deputy Director for Management, Office of Manage-ment and Budget; and Connie L. Patrick, Director, Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 41 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3231–3271; 1 private bill, H.R. 3272; and 8 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 65–66; and 
H. Res. 385–387 and 389–391, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5587–90 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5591–93 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D895 July 28, 2015 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on July 27, 2015 
as follows: 
H.R. 1656, to provide for additional resources for 
the Secret Service, and to improve protections for re-stricted areas, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–231). 
Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 455, to require the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to conduct a northern border threat analysis, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–232); 
H.R. 2786, to require the Commissioner of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection to submit a report on cross-border rail security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–233); and 
H. Res. 388, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, tran-sit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–234). 
                                                                                            Page H5587 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Valadao to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5527 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:55 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H5533 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in honor of our brave men and women in uniform who have given their lives in the service of our country in Iraq and Afghanistan, their families, and all who serve in our armed forces and their fam-ilies.
                                                                                  Page H5544 
Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scru-tiny Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 427, to 
amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 165 noes, Roll No. 482. 
                                                                                    Pages H5539–72 
Rejected the Nolan motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 167 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 481.
                                Pages H5570–71 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 
114–230, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule.
                                                                                  Page H5552 
Agreed to: 
Rodney Davis (IL) amendment (No. 3 printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–230) that requires the agen-cy submitting the report on proposed Federal rule to include an assessment, as part of the cost-benefit analysis submitted to the Comptroller General and each House of Congress, of anticipated jobs gained or lost as a result of implementation, and to specify whether those jobs will come from the public or pri-vate sector;
                                                            Pages H5557–58 
Young (IA) amendment (No. 1 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–230) that would require agencies to publish in the federal register a list of information on which a rule is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, and cost-benefit analyses, and where the public can access it online (by a recorded vote of 250 ayes to 159 noes, Roll No. 473); 
                                                                Pages H5555–56, H5564–65 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 2 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–230) that requires congressional ap-proval for all rules proposed under the authority of the Affordable Care Act (by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 167 noes, Roll No. 474); 
                                                                Pages H5556–57, H5565–66 
Rejected: 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 4 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–230) that sought to add an ex-ception to the bill for rules that the Administrator of the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job growth (by a recorded vote of 163 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 475); 
                                                                      Pages H5558–59, H5566 
Capps amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–230) that sought to ensure that any rule intended to ensure the safety of natural gas or haz-ardous materials pipelines or prevent, mitigate, or reduce the impact of spills from such pipelines is not considered a ‘‘major rule’’ under the bill (by a re-corded vote of 166 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 476); 
                                                                Pages H5559–60, H5566–67 
Cicilline amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–230) that sought to exempt rules per-taining to the protection of the public health or safe-ty from the requirements of the Act (by a recorded vote of 166 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 477); 
                                                                Pages H5560–61, H5567–68 
Cicilline amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–230) that sought to provide a ‘‘special rule’’ pertaining to the safety of any products specifi-cally designed to be used or consumed by a child under the age of 2 years (including cribs, car seats, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D896 July 28, 2015 
and infant formula) (by a recorded vote of 167 ayes 
to 243 noes, Roll No. 478);                  Pages H5561, H5568 
Nadler amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–230) that sought to exempt from the bill’s congressional approval requirement any rule pertaining to nuclear reactor safety standards in order to prevent nuclear meltdowns like the one in Fukushima (by a recorded vote of 167 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 479); and
           Pages H5561–63, H5568–69 
Pocan amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–230) that sought to exempt the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs from the requirements of this legislation, in regards to rulemaking for the availability of affordable medication and effective healthcare management for veterans (by a recorded vote of 167 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 480). 
                                                                Pages H5563–64, H5569–70 
H. Res. 380, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 427) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 167 noes, Roll No. 471, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 167 nays, Roll No. 470. 
                                                                                    Pages H5543–44 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:25 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:55 p.m.                                                    Page H5564 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Monday, July 27th: 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-
ment Act of 2015: H.R. 675, amended, to increase, 
effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 409 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 472.
                    Page H5545 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To in-
crease, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H5545 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
387, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H5572 
Official Objectors for the Private Calendar for the 114th Congress: On behalf of the Majority and 
Minority leadership, the Chair announced the fol-lowing official objectors for the Private Calendar for the 114th Congress: Representatives Goodlatte, Sen-senbrenner, and Gowdy for the Majority and Rep-
resentatives Serrano, Nadler, and Bass for the Minor-ity.
                                                                                     Page H5572 
Commission on Care—Appointment: Read a let-
ter from Representative Pelosi, Democratic Leader, in which she appointed Mr. Michael Blecker of San Francisco, California to the Commission on Care. 
                                                                                            Page H5574 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
eleven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5543–44, H5544–45, H5545, H5564–65, H5565–66, H5566, H5566–67, H5567–68, H5568, H5568–69, H5569–70, H5571, and H5571–72. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:41 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FIRST PRINCIPLES OF CONGRESSIONAL BUDGETING 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘First Principles of Congressional Budg-eting’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
REVIEWING THE POLICIES AND 
PRIORITIES OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Poli-cies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’’. Testimony was heard from Sylvia Mathews Burwell, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. 
CONTINUING CONCERNS WITH THE 
FEDERAL SELECT AGENT PROGRAM: DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SHIPMENTS OF LIVE ANTHRAX 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Continuing Concerns with the Federal Select Agent Program: Department of Defense Shipments of Live Anthrax’’. Testimony was heard from D. Christian Hassell, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Chemical and Biological Defense, Department of De-fense; Dan Sosin, Deputy Director, Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response, Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention; Gregory Demske, Chief Counsel to the Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services; and Marcia Crosse, Director, Healthcare, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D897 July 28, 2015 
CONTINUED OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL 
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Continued Oversight of the Federal Commu-nications Commission’’. Testimony was heard from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, Federal Communications Commission; and Ajit Pai, Commissioner, Federal Communications Commission. 
THE DODD–FRANK ACT FIVE YEARS 
LATER: ARE WE MORE PROSPEROUS? 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Prosperous?’’. Testimony was heard from former Senator Phil Gramm; former Member R. Bradley Miller; and a public witness. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began 
a markup on H.R. 766, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1210, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate trans-actions, and for other purposes; H.R. 1553, the ‘‘Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Fi-nancing Guidance Act’’; H.R. 1839, the ‘‘Reforming Access for Investments in Startup Enterprises Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1941, the ‘‘Financial Institutions Ex-amination Fairness and Reform Act’’; H.R. 2091, the ‘‘Child Support Assistance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Effi-ciency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2912, the ‘‘Centennial Monetary Commission Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3032, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3189, the ‘‘Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3192, the ‘‘Homebuyers Assistance Act’’. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT: THE 
ADMINISTRATION’S CASE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Agreement: The Ad-ministration’s Case’’. Testimony was heard from John Kerry, Secretary of State, Department of State; Jacob Lew, Secretary of the Treasury, Department of the Treasury; and Ernest Moniz, Secretary of Energy, De-partment of Energy. 
THE IRAN–NORTH KOREA STRATEGIC 
ALLIANCE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific; and Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Iran-North Korea Strategic Alliance’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
PROMOTING AND INCENTIVIZING 
CYBERSECURITY BEST PRACTICES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting and Incentivizing Cybersecurity Best Practices’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
AMERICA’S GROWING HEROIN EPIDEMIC 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Growing Heroin Epidemic’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Bot-ticelli, Director, White House Office of National Drug Policy Center; John (Jack) Riley, Acting Dep-uty Administrator, Drug Enforcement Association; Nancy G. Parr, Commonwealth Attorney, City of Chesapeake, Virginia; and Angela R. Pacheco, First Judicial District Attorney, Santa Fe, New Mexico. 
ACCOUNTABILITY, POLICIES, AND 
TACTICS OF LAW ENFORCEMENT WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR AND FOREST SERVICE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled 
‘‘Accountability, Policies, and Tactics of Law En-forcement within the Department of Interior and Forest Service’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT ACT 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Implementation of the Coastal Zone Man-agement Act’’. Testimony was heard from Holly A. Bamford, Acting Assistant Secretary for Conservation and Management, National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration; and public witnesses. 
IMPACT OF THE BOYCOTT, DIVESTMENT, 
AND SANCTIONS MOVEMENT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Impact of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanc-tions Movement’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D898 July 28, 2015 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015; 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1994, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3236, the ‘‘Surface Transportation and Vet-erans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for H.R. 1994. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs now printed in the bill and pro-vides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule also grants a closed rule for H.R. 3236. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Miller of Flor-ida, Chairman Shuster, Representatives Takano, Brown of Florida, Heck of Washington, Fincher. 
EXPLORATION OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM: 
FROM MERCURY TO PLUTO AND BEYOND 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploration of the Solar System: From Mercury to Pluto and Beyond’’. Testimony was heard from John Grunsfeld, Associate Administrator, Science Mission Directorate, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Robert Pappalardo, Study Scientist, Europa Mission Con-cept, Jet Propulsion Laboratory, National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration; and public wit-nesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Hearing on the Federal Radionavigation Plan, H.R. 1684, the For-eign Spill Protection Act, and H.R. ll , the Na-
tional Icebreaker Fund Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Gary C. Rasicot, Director of Marine Transportation Systems, U.S. Coast Guard; Mary E. Landry, Director of Incident Management and Pre-paredness, U.S. Coast Guard; Karen Van Dyke, Di-rector of Positioning, Navigation and Timing and Spectrum Management, Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Research and Technology, Department of Transportation; and a public witness. 
RURAL HEALTH CARE DISPARITIES 
CREATED BY MEDICARE REGULATIONS 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing to discuss rural health care disparities created by Medicare regulations. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
IRAN 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing on Iran. This was a closed hearing. 
Joint Meetings 
DYNAMIC SCORING 
Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine dynamic scoring, focusing on how it will affect fiscal policymaking, after receiving testimony from former Senator Phil Gramm; John L. Buckley, former Chief of Staff to the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, and Kevin A. Hassett, American Enterprise Institute, both of Washington, D.C.; and John W. Diamond, Rice University Baker Institute for Public Policy, Houston, Texas. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JULY 29, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the impacts of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) on United States interests and the military bal-ance in the Middle East, 9:45 a.m., SD–G50. 
Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, 
to hold hearings to examine best practices at public and private shipyards, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D899 July 28, 2015 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub-
committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Pro-tection, to hold hearings to examine the role of bank-ruptcy reform in addressing too-big-to-fail, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine wireless broadband and the fu-ture of spectrum policy, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business 
meeting to continue consideration of an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the 
United States, S. 133, to approve and implement the Klamath Basin agreements, to improve natural resource management, support economic development, and sustain agricultural production in the Klamath River Basin in the public interest and the interest of the United States, S. 145, to require the Director of the National Park Serv-ice to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the October 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and political subdivisions of States providing for the contin-ued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the National Park System, units of the National Wild-life Refuge System, and units of the National Forest Sys-tem in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropriations, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Sce-nic Trail, S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of President Sta-tion in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 593, to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Rec-lamation to manage its infrastructure assets, S. 610, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes, S. 720, to promote energy savings in residential buildings and industry, S. 873, to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area, S. 1103, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Anto-nio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of des-ignating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Ten-nessee, as a unit of the National Park System, S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yak-ima River basin, and an original bill to provide for re-forms of the administration of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: business 
meeting to consider the nominations of Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to be Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years, Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years, Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, and Eric Martin Satz, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2018, Time to be an-nounced, Room to be announced. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-
sider S. 284, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, S. 1632, to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Afghanistan Accountability Act’’, and the nominations of Michele Thoren Bond, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Consular Affairs), and Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, to be Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, both of the District of Columbia, Sheila Gwaltney, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic, Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nicaragua, Peter F. Mulrean, of Massa-chusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Haiti, Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Poland, Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cyprus, James Desmond Melville, Jr., of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Estonia, Samuel D. Heins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Norway, all of the De-partment of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Serv-ice; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Co-
operation, to hold hearings to examine the financial crisis 
in Greece, focusing on implications and lessons learned, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D900 July 28, 2015 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act, focusing on combating campus sexual assault, 9 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Border Security Metrics Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘EINSTEIN Act of 2015’’, S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Im-
provement Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, preven-tion, and recovery of improper payments to deceased indi-viduals, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Quarterly Financial Re-porting Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the President to require independent reg-ulatory agencies to comply with regulatory analysis re-quirements applicable to executive agencies, S. 1526, to amend title 10 and title 41, United States Code, to im-prove the manner in which Federal contracts for construc-tion and design services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements, to amend title 31 and 41, United States Code, to improve the payment protections available to construction contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for work performed, S. 1820, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, S. 1817, to improve the effectiveness of major rules in accomplishing their regulatory objectives by promoting retrospective review, S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to de-velop public access policies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency, S. Res. 104, to express the sense of the Senate regarding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time illegal border crossers, S. 708, to establish an independent advisory committee to review certain regulations, S. 1170, to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the author-ity of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant perma-nent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, an original bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Lieutenant Colonel James ‘Maggie’ Megellas Post Office’’, S. 1596, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’, and the nomination of Denise Turner Roth, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of General Services, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 383, to provide for Indian trust asset manage-ment reform, and S. 732, to amend the Act of June 18, 1934, to reaffirm the authority of the Secretary of the In-terior to take land into trust for Indian tribes, to be im-
mediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the true costs of alcohol and drug abuse in Native com-munities, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Oversight, 
Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine IRS targeting, focusing on progress of agency reforms and congressional options, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: business 
meeting to consider S. 1400, to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to direct the task force of the Office of Veterans Business Development to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran- owned small businesses, S. 1756, to help small businesses take advantage of energy efficiency, S. 1857, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participa-tion in the microloan program, S. 1866, to establish the veterans’ business outreach center program, to improve the programs for veterans of the Small Business Adminis-tration, an original bill entitled, ‘‘A Sense of the Com-mittee on the Small Business Tax Compliance Relief Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Veterans Entre-preneurial Transition Act of 2015’’, Time to be an-nounced, S–216, Capitol. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine ending veteran homelessness, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Dodd-Frank Turns Five: Assessing the Progress of Global Derivatives Reforms’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Potential Implications in the Region of the Iran Deal’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 985, ‘‘Concrete Masonry Products Re-search, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3154, ‘‘E-Warranty Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1344, ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1462, ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1725, ‘‘National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Report-ing Authorization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2820, ‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 766, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protec-tion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1210, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes; H.R. 1553, the ‘‘Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act’’; H.R. 1839, the ‘‘Reforming Access for Investments in Startup Enterprises Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1941, the ‘‘Financial Institutions Examina-tion Fairness and Reform Act’’; H.R. 2091, the ‘‘Child Support Assistance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2912, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D901 July 28, 2015 
the ‘‘Centennial Monetary Commission Act of 2015’’; 
H.R. 3032, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3189, the ‘‘Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3192, the ‘‘Homebuyers Assistance Act’’ (contin-ued), 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Women Under ISIS Rule: From Brutality to Recruitment’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Threats to Press Freedom in the Americas’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Aviation Security Challenges: Is TSA ready for the threats of today?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Courts, In-
tellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Internet of Things’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Federal Agencies’ Selective Enforcement of ESA Consultation’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Mismanagement, Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-
committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘DATA Act Implementation’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s Licensing Process’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD902 July 28, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, July 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 22, Hire More Heroes Act. At 10 a.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to a series of amend-ments to H.R. 22, followed by a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. 
Following the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on 
H.R. 22, Senate will begin consideration of the nomina-tions of Allison Beck, of the District of Columbia, to be Federal Mediation and Conciliation Director, Jeffrey Mi-chael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture, and Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Ad-ministration, and vote on confirmation of the nomina-tions. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, July 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 
1994—VA Accountability Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 3236—Highway Trust Fund Extension (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1136, E1137, E1138 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1142 Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E1143 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1147, E1152 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E1149, E1150, E1153 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1141 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1148, E1152 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E1139 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1149, E1153 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E1136 Clay, Wm. Lacy, Mo., E1149 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1144, E1145, E1145 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1145 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1146, E1151 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1150, E1151 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1136 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1141 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1145 
Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1143 Granger, Kay, Tex., E1135 Heck, Joseph J., Nev., E1142 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1135 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1146 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E1135 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1139, E1150 Kato, John, N.Y., E1136 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1139 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1139 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1147 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1143 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1141 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1145 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1142 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1149 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1145, E1146, E1152 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1137 Pittenger, Robert, N.S., E1141 
Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1143 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1148, E1152 Russell, Steve, Okla., E1135 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E1153 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1140 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1136 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1140 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1137 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1140 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1144 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1150 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1140 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1145 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1144 Young, David, Iowa, E1144, E1145, E1146, E1146, E1147, 
E1148, E1148, E1149, E1150, E1151 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28JY5.REC D28JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST